index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
442	Keyboard	POS	5	first off , i want to say that razer do a amazing job with this keyboard . everything with the keyboard be almost flawless . the only thing that i \* sort of \* dislike be the gloss finish around the body . it attract dust and finger print but i do not really mind they that much as i usually play in the dark . pro : on the fly macro recording . its simply amazing . fn + g. hit a key to record it to . type what you want to record . fn + g. and its save . you can also use the software from razer 's website to record macro 's and set the delay between keystroke . one really great thing be that the computer recognize the macro as individual action instead of a program interfere with you game ; this mean that you macro be undetectable in game and can be use in secure server such as vac and gamehack . cherry mx blue key switch . feel like sex when you finger hit one of these bad boy . there nothing else to say . simply amazing to type on . adjustable back-lighting : you can adjust the brightness of the key to whatever you want . you can even turn they off or set they to glow -lrb- although really annoying -rrb- . no more sore eye from you glaring keyboard . back-lit key : i can play in the dark ... sweet ! laser-etched key : unlike the regular version , this keyboard have laser etch key mean that they do not wear out . well they do , but unlike other key , they will wear out at the same rate as you overall key . this mean that you will never lose sight of the character on you key until it snap in half . mechanical : this keyboard may be the last keyboard you ever have . just like any other mechanical keyboard with cherry key on it , its rate for over 50 million key-stroke . compare 50 million to a conventional rubber or membrane base keyboard that usually have a maximum of 10 million -lrb- on a really good day . its usually around 5 million -rrb- . typing : you will enjoy typing , just as i be enjoy typing this review . some may claim that it will raise you word per minute but i think its largely situational . many people , like i , will simply enjoy typing on this keyboard . as we log more hour on it -lrb- because we enjoy it -rrb- , we 'll become faster at typing . aside from that , i do think that right off the bat this keyboard do increase you typing speed a bit . i switch from a membrane keyboard and use to type at about 80 wpm . when i switch to the blackwidow ultimate i start typing at around 90 wpm . now i be up around 100 wpm . media keys : great for when you be gaming because you do not need to tab out of the game . quick note though . the media key will not work for itunes . the way you can fix that be by search in google : `` razer blackwidow itune support '' . click on the first link which should take you to razer support . from there they will direct you to a website which will show you how to slightly modify you itunes so that it will work with you keyboard . this problem do not only occur with the blackwidow . the procedure take about 2 minute , 5 minute if you be retard . all it require be you to download a small file , create a folder , and drop the file in . construction : key be mount on a metal plate . all the wire be glue twice , then tie to the inside for maximum security . come out the keyboard be a 1\/4th inch braid cable contain the usb pass through , keyboard usb , audio pass through , and microphone pass through . the cable be plenty long so do not be worry about reach the back of you computer unless its in a different room . the keyboard be pretty heavy and have good traction . even on my slippery desk the keyboard refuse to budge without considerable effort . overall : i love this keyboard . there not much else i can say .
331	Keyboard	POS	4	when i find out my friend spill a drink on she laptop and ruin it , i purchase one of these . very light and it fit the key so well i do not even notice it anymore . only problem be it do not cover the speaker portion on my macbook on the right and leave side of the keyboard . other than that , it fit and cover the keyboard completely and the price be great !
781	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard work well at chairside in my orthodontic practice . it be compact and the trackball be convienient -lrb- no mouse -rrb- . i have 18 of they . some be 2 year old ; of they , about 4 have die . for they convienience and at the price , i consider they disposable . i keep some on hand should one go down . battery life be ok , not great .
882	Keyboard	POS	4	the delivery be within 7 day with free shipping . keyboard sync 's up ok , sometimes it take awhile . it have only have one position for the ipad2 to sit . when the ipad2 sit face down it go into sleep mode but no-way to lock it in close position so be careful not to drop ipad2 . keyboard structure seem sturdy and key take time to get familiar with . for less than $ 30 , it be a good buy . just get it so i will find out how long it will last .
812	Keyboard	POS	4	i purchase one of these after have the g19 for about 2 year before a few of the g key start stick and not work . they be both very close in design with a few exception . this g510 have a slight more `` rough '' feel of plastic on both the wrist guard and the key . the g19 have a smooth wrist guard and smoother plastic key . the key on the g510 however have more a `` solid '' feeling to they . the g19 feel like the key would `` wiggle '' in place a little bit , while the g510 feel more sturdy with the key . of course the g510 do not have the usb port which be not that bad since i never use they and all they do on the g19 would heat up the part where the usb port be when it be on . only complaint with the key be the space bar , it have to be press all the way down or or wont read the keystroke . if you just lightly tap the space bar with you thumb , you will be find yourself miss a lot of space typing on this keyboard unless you correct you typing . the headphone and mic jack work , however i do have a few complaint about they . with no headset plug in , the volume wheel control system volume . however if you plug in a headset to the port , the keyboard basically `` load '' the driver for it in windows and it basically become like a second sound card . however if you unplug the headset , it `` unload '' the sound card from the system . this would not be a complaint except the volume wheel control the headset only if it be plug in . so because i leave my headset plug in all the time , the wheel become only useful for the headset 's volume , not external speaker . as for the lighting , this be where it have lose 1 star . the lighting be much dimmer compare to the g19 and also the g13 game-pad . i still use the g13 game pad and the screen and key on the g13 be about 1\/3 brighter then the g510 . because of this , the key compare to the g19 can sometimes be hard to read in the light . it still can be see well in the dark but it should not be dimmer then a previous model , if anything they should have make it brighter . the layout and extra g key be nicer , much better then the 2x2 design that be on the g19 . the g19 the key go 1,2,3 . . in a vertical fashion which i do not like . the g510 correct it by make they horizontal , which be easier for the brain to remember in the heat of a battle in a game . i do not feel like put $ 160 for another g19 , and i do not much use the color lcd screen much , a monochrome one show the same basic information . the only downfall be the dimmer key compare to the g19 . let we just hope that this keyboard will not start get sticky key like the g19 do .
150	Keyboard	POS	4	i like the action of the key and button . the mouse and keyboard have battery install . the kit work right out of the box , with no configuration issue . plug and play . i give four star instead of five because the mouse , while very good , have only two button and scroll wheel . more button for other function would be nice , but for price , it work just fine for my need . the mouse glide smoothly on my laminated desk surface with no mouse pad under it . keyboard action be quiet . the extra function button be a good addition . keyboard be very light . this combo unit replace another logitech wireless combo that finally `` retire '' long after the warranty expire . : -rrb-
375	Keyboard	POS	5	if you miss key or yours just plain be not work this be right up you alley get this product asap .
855	Keyboard	POS	5	keyboard be a funny thing . you pretty much get use to what you have , and change be difficult . my current keyboard have key hat be stick and not work , so i need a new one . i love the idea of a backlit keyboard , as i work a lot of night and my desk be in a dark corner . i order this keyboard and have to say that i love it . it be very comfortable to use . the key be very quiet and easy to type with . i love the backlit keyboard . overall i be very impressed with this item and would definitely recommend it .
886	Keyboard	POS	5	i be send this keyboard via the vine program and love it . i replace a older logitech mac keyboard with this one and will not go back . the kicker for i on this keyboard be that i do not have to worry about replace battery ... the solar aspect of this keyboard allow it to recharge via light from the window + normal room light . great keyboard .
694	Keyboard	POS	4	i really like my keyboard skin cover for my macbook pro 13 late 2011 design . it fit perfectly ! unfortunately the letter on the key do not light up , but it the light that shine through the clear silicone be sufficient for i to work in the dark . only problem i have be that my order be lose in the mail , but the seller be there to help i out in a jiffy . thanks a bunch , it be greatly appreciate !
300	Keyboard	POS	5	amazing keystroke ... super solid high quality aluminium construction . i buy two of these . best keyboard i have ever have . well worth the money !
387	Keyboard	POS	5	i get this a replacement for another keyboard that die on we . we have only have it a few week , but no complaint here . it work well and do not feel cheap .
680	Keyboard	POS	5	i order this product for a resident in a nursing home who do not have any finger . he love this product i wish i could afford to purchase thing for other resident who have no family but sometimes they just love have the company of other to talk with try vist someone in you area it will not only make they day but you will feel better about yourself also . : -rrb-
560	Keyboard	POS	4	i have some degree of rsi -- around my median nerve , behind my wrist in the center of my forearm -- and i have have the opposite experience with this keyboard . the large , high wrist pad keep my arms\/wrists in a position that i very rarely feel any rsus pain , which be more than i hope for and i be very happy with . i have not find any other keyboard with a pad of the same size\/height , so i be stick with this one no matter what its other fault be because medically it be the best choice for i and that be my overwhelming priority . however , i do wish another company make a similar keyboard , one with a pad similar to this one , because the mnek4000 be cheaply make . -lrb- i look around for competitor , but have no luck find a similar wrist pad . logitech come the closest , but not close enough . -rrb- i have have this thing for 3 month now , and : - on the bottom , the two rubber footpad in the back rub off rather quickly . if the front one go , there will not be anything stop this keyboard from slide all over my desk . i be not abuse the keyboard , either -- the rubber footpad be glue on so lightly that it be unrealistic to expect they to stay on . - out of the box , the right arrow key stick . it be permanently halfway-depressed . i can pry it back to normal with a butter knife , but as soon as i push the key it stick again . - the coating on the key i use most -lrb- a,e,l-shift -rrb- be start to wear off , ever so slightly . i wonder how it 'll look a year from now . the key do not seem too hard to push -lrb- i be typing on it now -rrb- . maybe they be tougher than you average keyboard , but i be only conscious of it now because of these review i be read -- the thought never occur to i on my own . maybe if someone have some _ hand\/finger _ pain -lrb- carpal tunnel , arthritis -rrb- , a keyboard with a light touch would be important , i do not know . but as someone with _ wrist\/forearm _ pain , the key have not be a problem for i at all . i like the way it look , and the programmable hotkey be nice too . it be strange typing on this oddly-shaped keyboard at first , but i adjust to it really quickly at my typing speed be back to normal . it be not like the key be in different place . if you be serious about this keyboard , check out the newegg customer review of it too -- lot of good feedback there . some neweggers complain that this keyboard be particularly sensitive to water damage -lrb- more so than other electronics -rrb- and that the cord tend to break right where it exit the keyboard . again , i will not even consider another keyboard that do not have a wrist pad as large or elevated as this one . some newegg review say they have go through 4-5 of these keyboard despite they flaw because they like they comfort so much . i wish there be a competitor , but this one work well enough . -lrb- i get it for $ 40 , but i have see it on sale for $ 30 . -rrb-
399	Keyboard	POS	5	ok , so i order this 01\/21 and it get here today ! and ... i love it . it be a litter rubber glove-ish , but it be for protection ya know ? i be typing on it right now to write this review and it be not slip or annoy . also , the skin be thin , so it do not upset the `` push-ability '' of the key . it kinda suction-cup itself to the key . another important aspect of this product be that i have the macbook pro 17 '' i be guess the 2009 version . so i be pretty sure it will not fit earlier model . the backlighting do shine through under the key , but the actual letter do not light up very well , but it be still pretty in the dark . white letter and symbol be on the skin , so it be fine . the cap lock light be also visible through a little hole provide in the skin . the color be beautifully accurate in comparison to the image show . overall , it would give it a 5 out of 5 . for what it cost , this be a great product !! here be some pic : -rrb- -lrb- ... -rrb-
49	Keyboard	POS	5	the ergo keyboard 4000 be a really terrific keyboard have three significant benefit over my last favorite keyboard , the m natural keyboard pro . the first be the terrific riser in the front , create a negative tilt . to create this tilt on the pro , i have to elevate my wrist by use a piece of 2 by 4 cut to match the keyboard and then equip with a wrist rest . the new ergo have both the height and the rest set up perfectly . note that if you have you keyboard set on a table or tray that be too high , this would be awkward . when the keyboard be set up properly -lrb- forearm parallel to the floor see site http:\/\/www.ergoindemand.com\/ergonomic-keyboarding.htm -rrb- , the ergo be extremely kind to you wrist and the best i have ever use . the lift can be remove but please try to use it , the negative tilt be a terrific ergo device . the second improvement be that the key be much better . they take to edge hit much better than the old keyboard . there be also a lot less noisy than the pro . -lrb- there be indeed a dead spot on the extreme upper corner of the space bar but i have never notice it - i have to contort my thumb just to hit the spacebar like that and be a very unnatural -rrb- . the third improvement be the wealth of special key , especially the favorite key and the f lock and num lock key that remember they setting . the favorite can start a program that you choose while the other silver key can do command -lrb- like copy , paste , and exit -rrb- . the back\/forward button i find pretty much useless as i have these set up on my mouse . the zoom key be use to change text size which work well for my old trifocal eye . negative ? pretty large keyboard , black , and the wrist rest be padded but not a cushy as my old gel one . this be the way keyboard should be make .
897	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase this extremely low price keyboard for use with my ps3 system . it work great and for the price ... you can not go wrong . take the money you save from not buy a `` ridiculously '' price keyboard and treat yourself to a new blu-ray or game . -lrb- edit -rrb- i do forget to mention : the cord on the keyboard be maybe 3ft so you might want to purchase a usb extension cable  amazonbasic usb 2.0 a-male to a-female extension cable -lrb- 9.8 feet\/3 .0 meter -rrb-  that way if you be use it for a gaming system you wont go blind from sit to close to you `` big screen '' update -lrb- 6-20-12 -rrb- the keyboard be now in-op , so i guess you get approx 9mo of use out of this keyboard . think i 'll spend a few extra dollar and get at least a `` full year '' keyboard this time lol .
748	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a great keyboard it be bright very lightweight and the keyboard be just the right size . if you look for a wireless keyboard this one have it all !
92	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use logitech product as long as i can remember -lrb- 6-10 hr a day , everyday -rrb- , for school , work , and home . the selection , construction , design , comfort , price , and ease to understand\/use - if logitech build a car , i would buy it !
990	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be develop software use this keyboard for 8 year , and i can not work without it now . some of the key take more time to get use to -lrb- the arrow and bracket -rrb- but after a few week , i have no problem . before i get this keyboard i be have frequent wrist pain . since buy my first kinesis contour keyboard i have not have a single twinge of pain . it may well have save my career . i now own three of they , and i have have no issue with the build quality . i just wish they be cheaper !
578	Keyboard	POS	4	too flimsy for main work keyboard and also have the crummy layout of the key above the arrow key . but , this keyboard be great for home theater use . good range . it work from anywhere in the room . i like it and the markdown price be right !
326	Keyboard	POS	5	the keyboard be well make , and the mouse be easy to use as well . very good product for the price !
85	Keyboard	POS	5	i be really impress by this thing . almost to the point that i feel bad for the manufacturer . they put a lot of think into this product , and from what i can tell , hope to sell it for $ 80 or so . but it be probably just not in very high demand , so i feel like i get a great deal at $ 30 . so basically , it be just exactly what it say . you plug a tiny little usb dongle into a computer , turn on the remote keyboard and away you go . i kind of prefer use it compare to my new netbook keyboard . here 's why i say it be thoughtful design : 1 -rrb- the plug stow neatly inside the device when not in use -lrb- maybe you carry it around for presentation -rrb- . i be worry when i see one of the user submit picture , it look like the plug or a antenna stick out of the device . it do not . 2 -rrb- the keyboard have a backlight . very nice if you use it in the dark . 3 -rrb- you can -lrb- logically -rrb- turn the trackpad 90 degree . so you can hold the device vertically if you be just do mouse work . 4 -rrb- the supply usb charge cable do not consume a usb slot . how ? it split off a mini-usb plug from male-female usb cord . so the cord just extend the usb port of the computer , while also give a mini-usb charge point . 5 -rrb- it have a laser . i mean , why not ? it just really feel like they think this thing through . -lrb- the poorly translate chinese be hilarious though . fortunately , there be no real need for direction . -rrb- the only flaw be that it feel light in you hand , and that be a strange thing to complain about .
583	Keyboard	POS	5	i receive the keyboard very promply . it be well package with bubble sleeve . and i install in less 20 minute -lrb- eight screw -rrb- . work well .
737	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a awesome deal at $ 99.00 . basically turn you tv into a internet surfing device . google chrome be on there and i use it more there than on any other computer at home . netflix work great , pandora and internet video podcast queueing . i subscribe to a number of video podcast and it be great to watch they in hd right from the device . i hear lot of complaint about hook it up and get start , but it be easier than my last bluray player .
905	Keyboard	POS	5	this be without a doubt the coolest toy yet . take about 15 minute to get it setup to my liking . surf the web have never be easier and the supply app be wonderful . some do not work in canada but the be no fault of the unit itself . you should buy this while you can . i buy 2 .
595	Keyboard	POS	4	you know the learning curve be really low on this product . i be quite surprised . i try it out for a couple of day and find that it really do do what it promise to . however , i just do not feel like it be right for i . i end up return it but that do not mean it be not right for you . it be not anything about the product per se that make i return it . it be just a gut feeling that it be not right for i . i hope you at least try it out and give it a go on you own and see how it fit into you computer lifestyle .
119	Keyboard	POS	4	for those want to print directly onto cd-r and dvd-r media at a reasonable cost , this printer be for you . the built-in keyboard provide the means of create relatively plain to fairly elaborate print material . as note in a previous review , however , this printer be not the simpliest product to operate or master . it be far from be user-friendly or intuitive . the manual be not very strait-forward either , so be prepare to experiment and learn as you go . nonetheless , the printer produce result that be superior to feel pen and more permanent than those sticky label that be hard to center and lay flat .
132	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this keyboard for my grama as a gift on she birthday and she love it . . she say she have no problem of typing letter anymore when she make any email or even surf out to the internet , she easily find all those big letter in a keyboard and more command to access easily and right away . . i would diffinately have to recommend this . .
959	Keyboard	POS	4	i want this to be my favorite minus keyboard sooooo badly , but it just barely fall short . the design be great , it be just the right size . the trackpad be not perfect and you finger do not slide around it very smoothly , but it work good enough . the backlight be a really nice touch and the battery life be pretty decent . i get about two-three week of nightly use out of it before i have to charge it again . only problem be , the radio in the keyboard be really weak . i sit no more than 10 foot away from the laptop i be control with this keyboard , and if i so much as look at the keyboard wrong , the signal be not receive . if i cover up the back of the keyboard with my hand , the signal be not receive . if the blanket be between the keyboard and the receiver , the signal be not receive . hopefully you be get the picture by now . long story short , this keyboard be great in every way except for one , reception . i still recommend this keyboard because 's it be so awesome , just keep in mind that if there be anything in between you and the receiver , or you sit more than 15 foot away , prepare for sporadic connection problem .
633	Keyboard	POS	4	this ir portable keyboard work very well with my hp ipaq 1940 machine . now i can use it in class to take note . the only problem be you can only type on a table top or any flat surface - it will not work if you wanna type on top of you lap .
26	Keyboard	POS	5	love all the extra button on the top . volume control , brightness , home screen , music button , lock screen , etc. have no problem with the dock like another review have . supplier send it with warranty and the manual . ship nicely , no problem .
259	Keyboard	POS	5	this be by far the best keyboard that i have ! the battery life be great , give it have a backlight , and it come with a micro-usb charger , allow you to charge it overnight , or while you be use it . i would say you have to charge it about every week or so , and fully charge it when you first get it . the back light have 4 level of brightness and be useful for typing in the dark . the logitech k800 be a big step up from my old , simple , wire  logitech keyboard k120  i use it with my custom build windows 7 64 bit desktop pc and it work fine -lrb- i be typing this review with it ! -rrb- . you do not need any driver , but i recommend that you download the free software from the logitech website . the software allow you to customize the function button , what activate the back light and how long it stay on when you be not typing . also , it do not seem to miss any type letter so , overall , the logitech k800 wireless keyboard be great . if you want a wireless keyboard with a back light , this be for you . ------------------- edit 4\/28\/2012 -------------------- the keyboard have hold up pretty good , but the key be start to squeek . i be suprised how fast they start squeek , but overall it seem to be ok . i do not use the backlight much , and only have to charge it every 1-2 week .
620	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this as a backup to my wireless keyboard . i do not want another old keyboard clutter my limited workspace , and this fit the bill . it always work when i need it , and when i do not ; i just roll it up and shove in the back of a desk drawer .
101	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a great keyboard for many . i buy this keyboard from the review and can not blame anyone but myself for not like it . but in case there be someone else out there like i , let i get out a few fact . this be not a slim keyboard , in fact i be surprise it be so thick after see the picture . this keyboard have plunger style key which for a person that only use scissor style keyboard be a big disappointed . the keyboard have semi-flat keycap which be true but i think the keyboard be so thick to make up for it not have the normal height keycap -lrb- just a guess -rrb- . why do i give this a 5 if it be not what i want ? first of all , the unifying technology from logitech be great . i already have a unifying receiver install from a logitech mouse so when i get the keyboard out of the box i have it work in literally seconds . the keyboard be well make and feel sturdy . the key action for this plunger style keyboard be very good ... but that like say the ford fiesta be fast when compare to other car under $ 13k . lol . the gloss black do not seem to be a problem for i . people might need to wash they hand a little more often . i use this keyboard for a few day and they give it to someone at work who be still really enjoy it .
665	Keyboard	POS	5	a excellent buy ! i have try these curvy keyboard before , but this be the first one i be able to start use right away without hit all the wrong key . it just fit so much better - and the raise front with the wrist rest be fantastic . i be skeptical about pay $ 50 for a keyboard , but it be worth it .
282	Keyboard	POS	5	slick , thin , easy typing , wireless , and illuminate ; what more can you ask from a keyboard !!! ohh , you be ask for more ? ok ... no battery - it recharch itself through usb . case close
109	Keyboard	POS	5	the keyboard be a little louder than i have hope but nothing near the worn keyboard that it replace . the key seem to feel durable and the multicolored option of back light be very cool . i can not really say anything about its durability at this time since i have only have it for a month . i can say that it seem to be work perfectly . like other review it would have be nice if the lighting nob be actually a sound nob but its a minor complaint . i miss have specific button pre-programmed for open certain program like calculator . i understand this be programmable but i have not even look into it . its not a concern . i would recommend this product . it feel great , look sleek and make typing the dark a dream .
579	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use a microsoft natural keyboard for many year , start with they very first model . a friend give i a first generation mac mini , complete with mac keyboard , and while i love the mini the keyboard drive i nut . i need to find a fairly compact ergonomic keyboard , due to desk space constraint , and this be what i find . i could type all day on it -lrb- at 110wpm -rrb- with no problem at all . it work perfectly with my mac . i just wish it be a usb keyboard rather than my have to use a ps\/2 - -rrb- usb adapter , but that be a minor quibble . it be a great keyboard and definitely recommend for anyone who type fast and type a lot .
765	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard be great , but i be have a hard time set up shortcut etc. . when i reboot it seem i loose my setting and have to go through the whole process again .
398	Keyboard	POS	5	this be one of the only device i own that have really change the way i go about my day . neither my cell phone , nor my franklin planner , nor my palm v alone -lrb- which replace my franklin planner -rrb- have have this kind of impact . the design be a marvel : compact , elegant , and solid . they keyboard have a excellent responsive feel , better than many desktop keyboard . the shortcut be intuitive and work with all the standard palm software and all of the third party software i own -lrb- in particular , info select -rrb- . this accessory empower the palm v so completely that it should be try by every palm owner .  i purchase this product in a attempt to buy productivity . for once , it work . i can hardly believe that i use to carry my laptop to meeting in order to take \* note \* .
780	Keyboard	POS	5	i have use this mouse\/keyboard for a week now and could not be more satisfied . i use it approximately 25 foot from my laptop to watch netflix on my big screen tv . the mouse be a little too sensitive so i reduce sensitivity via window control panel setting . i do forget to shut the mouse power switch off at night , but it have not kill the battery yet . my son be so impressed with it that he take it home with he tonight ! i be order another .
553	Keyboard	POS	5	if you need a keyboard cover , just get this . definitely worth the money ... keep in mind its silicone so the typing feel weird\/slower but that come with the product . 5 star !
188	Keyboard	POS	5	wow ! i wish i buy this sooner ! i spill pepsi on my old hp oem wireless keyboard , and it go on the fritz . i could not get a exact replacement so i buy the mk520 combo . it be really great !!! get one !!!
448	Keyboard	POS	5	i be tire of my keyboard look so dirty so i buy this item . it be great for such a low price . i be still try to get use to the feel of it since it be a pretty different feel than the regular keyboard . it seem to be a bit loose on the edge but besides that , it be very nice . definitely worth the money though .
945	Keyboard	POS	5	after watch this video , anybody should be able to know how to use this case to protect you macbook a1342 model .
379	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this keyboard , it take a while to get use to . you have to remember to keep you wrist straight , but once you do there be no more pain in you wrist anymore . i also like the way the keyboard tilt in reverse . save i from buy those wrist pad all the time .
652	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a amazing keyboard ; key be bright enough to let you type in the dark , for heavy typing ; key be very quiet , not burst the tranquility of quiet area , beautiful design and pretty easy to set up , plug and play and you be ready to go . i highly recommend this product , one of the best keyboard i ever use , it worth the money you pay .
571	Keyboard	POS	5	i have have it for about one semester now . everything work perfectly out of the box . very fun to type on ... nice and tactile . i be worry it would get on my nerve , but it do not at all . it be not excessively loud .
677	Keyboard	POS	5	i want a keyboard with key that light up , and i want something good for gaming . this keyboard satisfy both . there be a hardware switch on the keyboard to disable the windows key . that be very handy . the 12 programmable g-key be nice , and the keyboard be very quiet when typing . even if i do not play pc game , this would be a perfect keyboard for everyday use . with my old logitech keyboard -lrb- just a plain cheap usb keyboard -rrb- , i have problem with try to play my game , for example , the `` v '' key would not register if i be press w and e. this keyboard greatly reduce problem like that , although the feature be undocumented . if you need a keyboard that can do more than a normal keyboard and you want to get something nice without spend too much , this be the keyboard for you . i pay $ 60 and it be worth it . the built-in port for a headset be awesome , and the fact that the keyboard have a usb port built-in means that you can plug in you gaming mouse or a flash drive right into the keyboard . i like this keyboard a lot , and i recommend it highly .
924	Keyboard	POS	5	the quick and dirty : i have to buy a new keyboard when i dump a full glass of wine on my old one . this one be great . backlight rock . the macro key be all but useless . the keyboard be a bit thick so you finger will take a bit to get use to it . the thing be a bit wide , too . the lcd version be relatively useless for gaming since you have to take you eye off the screen to look at it , though there be a subculture that code all sort of thing for it . i highly recommend this keyboard .
470	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use natural keyboard since 1997 and i could not use any other . be the space bar a little noisy ? yeah ! but i really do not care . be a system administrator and software developer , my hand be on the keyboard for about 12 hour a day . every time i have to work in a customer 's place , i ask for two thing : coca-cola , and a natural keyboard .
693	Keyboard	POS	5	this be great ! easy to setup\/connect , nice to look at . protective case . i test it out on a couple of email and note . still play with all the different function key . so far so good !
320	Keyboard	POS	4	i get this a few week ago and i have to say i love it more and more all the time . i really like how it integrate with my dish network dvr . i be look forward to even stronger collaboration between dvr box and google tv in the future . the integration allow search for content in my dvr and the programming guide . i also love the way the revue have become we single interface to the tv . my wife be absolutely non-technical but she find this remote\/keyboard very easy to use because she simply search for the programming she want and there it be . no more remember which television station or channel number , etc. . one of the real pleasure be the ability to pull in content from the internet like youtube and various podcast -lrb- audio podcast and also video podcast -rrb- that we like to watch and\/or listen to . accord to the news january -lrb- better say 1st quarter 2011 -rrb- promise more application that will most likely marry web content and television content on one screen . it come with a netflix application , amazon video on demand , youtube , pandora , twitter and several other . all of these application work well enough now but will surely get improvement as feedback from real user come in . logitech also make a application that turn my android phone into a remote control for google tv -lrb- there be a app for the iphone as well -rrb- . i be a very enthusiastic google tv consumer . i just wish the tv network would stop block google tv . what i can not watch on google tv i pick up my laptop and watch it there . it be the same website and i use the chrome browser for windows . it be crazy that the network and hulu be block content from one internet device but not another . i connect the google tv box to the internet via my home wireless network and everything be good . however when streaming movie from netflix or amazon i have to be careful about use other wireless device in the house as there be only so much wireless bandwidth and streaming movie need lots of wireless bandwidth to have a smooth picture experience . if you have a wire ethernet jack near you tv you may be better off use it or just watch how you use the internet on you other device like smartphone and laptop when you be streaming movie from netflix or amazon . the video and audio may halt as the device buffer more content from the source .
476	Keyboard	POS	5	i own five of these - do that say enough ? first of all i be go to come right out and say that i completely do not understand the number of 1 and 2 star review . i hate to refer to someone as a moron base on they review of a keyboard , but in this case , it be entirely difficult not to . i find myself ask `` what be wrong with these people ? '' a lot while read the negative review . that say , i notice that a lot of the negative review be write by programmer , and perhaps they need be different than mine . i have spend the better part of the last 15 year of my life in front of a computer . i find that entirely depress for the most part , but it be true . for many year i be a enthusiast , and then i spend 5 year as a computer repair guy in a local computer shop , after which i move onto a job in the web host industry and spend 5 year mixed between tech support and management . i start use this keyboard during the management phase of my time at the web host company , and ... wow . it really make a huge difference in my comfort level sit at the desk . i have begin to develop a bit of carpel tunnel , tingle in my wrist and finger , etc ; after buy this keyboard , it all go away . i be not suggest that will be everyone 's experience , just that it be my own . i have own a whole lot of keyboard , and this be easily the best that i have ever use . it be rock solid , have perfectly size key and a nice , soft wrist rest built-in . a lot of these programmer type in the negative review have complain about the space bar be hard to strike , but that be not my experience ; in my time with this keyboard , it be be a breeze . i almost never use the short-cut key at the top ; just never get in the habit . they work , though , for the record . at the beginning of this review i state that i own 5 of these keyboard . i should add that i have also buy these for many people that i know , and they have all adjust to it quite well and love it . no one i know first-hand have ever have any issue with it .
742	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard seem to enable i to type twice as fast as any other , and i do not type . pass the spill beer test the first week . what else can i say ?
703	Keyboard	POS	4	for i , the feature most important in a keyboard be the feel of the key and durability of construction -lrb- so that it 'll last -rrb- . in these two area , this keyboard be significantly better than any other i have use or even hear of ... and i have use a \* lot \* of keyboard . it be really no contest . you can not really convey to someone how it feel until you try one . all i can really say about it : if you type a lot and like to type fast , this thing be most likely go to please you \* immensely \* . as for construction quality , most feedback i have see hint that these last a very long time except in minor way like key label wear -lrb- mine 's already show small crack in the letter from just a few week of use -rrb- . and i be definitely go to put the overall durability of this thing to the test . i type a lot , and i type fast . if something go wrong i 'll add commentary here . where this keyboard struggle be in some feature you would reasonably expect from it give its pricetag : a ergonomic design version , backlit key , and a more stable usb setup -lrb- give that it be part of the design at least -rrb- . ergonomically , this keyboard could not be less so : it have a razor-straight layout that make you use the muscle on the outside of you forearm -lrb- as you would expect -rrb- , and most edge that be not on key be sharp instead of round . you 'll most likely want a wrist wrest for this at least . it be here in these weak area that i 'll expect progress from this manufacturer : it should not be difficult at all to put out a more ergonomic , backlit , silent version of this model for a very similar price . as a matter of fact , i 'll most likely expect that much next time i look at buy another das , and if i can not find something like that i 'll probably look elsewhere . one last thing . a lot of feedback i read on this keyboard center around the `` silent '' part of the name . lot of people seem to expect a very silent keyboard . the problem for i be in how i buy thing -- when i spend this much money , i want to know exactly what i be buy . it only take a little bit of digging to discover what the `` silent '' refer to -- it be in comparison to the non-silent model from this maker -lrb- which pump out significantly more sound -rrb- . do yourself a favor if you be consider pull the trigger on this -- know that it be not very silent at all . from my guesstimate , it be somewhere around 30ish % louder than a normal keyboard .
65	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase this logitech keyboard when my microsoft keyboard be useless . very happy with the quality . do not buy any skin as it be cheap and buy the same one again when it will get dust .
904	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard its perfect , the size and location for everything its great , i just love it , its like it be make for i
452	Keyboard	POS	5	purchase this for my mother since she be have trouble see she keyboard . it have help and she be use she computer more ! it take some get use to the wider key but not really a problem .
241	Keyboard	POS	5	best keyboard i have ever buy in my life , work perfect and snappy . key be easily take off or replace .
386	Keyboard	POS	5	fast shipping . the back light on this keyboard be perfect with its brightness setting . on the fly macro 's and programmable macro 's be very helpful . i swear my word per minute have increase significantly . some might complain that they do not like the sound the key make when typing but i actually prefer it because you can hear when a key register instead of assume it do . perfect for gaming , general typing , and application you can use the macro 's for . the only con be that you finger print end up all over the keyboard due to its glossy finish .
32	Keyboard	POS	4	i own the wire model of this keyboard and it be very nice . because it be wire i do not need to worry about the battery charge or wireless signal strenth . i be tempt to go wireless but figure that the light would eat the battery so i purchase the wire model instead . well worth the money .
679	Keyboard	POS	4	the product be as advertise . i be very happy with it and it completely fit and protect my macbook pro keypad .
831	Keyboard	POS	5	it work comfortably . the volume button and next\/previous be handy . it share the unifying receiver with other logitech product , so it actually `` save '' my logitech m510 mouse b\/c i lose the mouse receiver .
197	Keyboard	POS	4	terrific keyboard for many app . compact and reasonably light . cleverly design w\/left click on both the left and right side of this keyboard . scroll and trackball be real winner in this design too . this be my second one and i have get really good at gaming with it . but do not expect to do the same until you have it a while . the usb receiver limit you range if you have obstruction . with it in the back of you computer it may skip now and then and in the front it be susceptible to be bump -lrb- nearly 3 '' out from computer -rrb- . put in a well place usb hub though and it might still work from the mcdonald 's drive-thru ... i often use it across a large open room with no problem . very handy and as the price drop even better for you .
162	Keyboard	POS	5	first of all , this case be less than half the price of the one i almost buy in the apple store ... and it come with a keyboard skin . the price be right but i be hesitant due to customer review that the product do not ship promptly and that it do not fit they computer . well , mine arrive in 2 day and fit my computer perfectly and take seconds to put on . needless to say , i be very pleased with my purchase . i think i 'll even get it in another color . thanks !
90	Keyboard	POS	4	the cable be only about 7 inch - not 2.3 foot . works fine , even on windows vista . just plug in and it install . cable need its own port - it will not work if plug into a usb hub . this be great if you new computer come without ps\/2 port .
352	Keyboard	POS	4	this thing fit perfectly onto the macbook air 3rd generation ! and since the key be black no one can even tell you have a cover on ! i have now officially grubby finger proof my keyboard . however , those buy this for the 3rd gen macbook air , the top f key row , the print label on the key cover do not quite match up with the actual key . the power key be label as the eject key instead . no biggie , i think i can handle a few mismatch on the top row of key i hardly use anyways . if they come out with one specificially for the new air , i would get it for sure . how can you beat this price ? update : the design of the air have the speaker come from the keyboard ... have a cover on the keyboard do block some of the sound ...
93	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard seem fine , except it do not have the short-stroke , easy press , quiet , laptop keyboard style key . it have the clicky one like a normal computer keyboard with longer stroke .
911	Keyboard	POS	5	quick delivery . easy to install . a perfect fit for my inspiron 1545 . it be almost as if i buy a new laptop . and most of all a incredibly low price . note : before i buy this keyboard i be so aggravate i almost throw my $ 800 laptop away .
293	Keyboard	POS	5	works really well on the ps3 and my computer , have not try it on my phone because i do not really need a external keyboard for that . the only real problem i have have with it be if i connect it to my pc then i have to re-register it on my ps3
159	Keyboard	POS	5	i get this so i would not have to use the lame arrow key to type on my tivo premiere . this doe not come with a usb dongle . i buy a cheap one from best buy , plug it in and i be initially disappoint . it be not really responsive and have a range of about three foot . then i use a usb extension cable to move the dongle out from behind the tivo . that do the trick . it work perfectly and make typing on my tivo really easy .
889	Keyboard	POS	5	i be very satisfied with this keyboard it be nice and it be get gentle key . this do not come with a manual so if you try to figure out how to change the backlight color , it right next to the dial knob . this keyboard also do not look tacky as i thougth it would be . it be just perfect and i think it be worth the price . you will not be disappoint with this one .
393	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a great little keyboard . it be small , light and just what i need to streamline typing large amount of text into my new treo 650 smart phone . unfortunately , it cease to work at seemingly random time . sometimes it restart itself and sometimes it will not work unless i perform a soft reset . i do not know why it do this , but i wish palm would fix it .
345	Keyboard	POS	5	`` my ship '' finally arrive , when i join the many who buy the logitech google tv ? be i impress ? , definitely ! , have it meet all expectation ? absolutely !! it be a great addition to the internet , a great `` accent '' you might say . while there be unlimited thing to do on the google tv , i have notice a few minor bug , that will get work out . i do love the app !! i will keep patient , and see where it go from here . i hope they can resolve the issue with the network , and disney ! it sure be easy to use , i have get use to be broadband now for almost 3 week . not too far off , i be plan on add the webcam , still wait to see if the price settle there too . overall i give it high mark and high praise . stream media , video , and everything else `` under the hood '' . be a awesome experience , i wish something like this for this price have come along much sooner . kudos to the google tv !
619	Keyboard	POS	5	buy this last week . after load the keyboard driver i be able to place my palm t3 on the keyboard holder and begin typing .  i have use other keyboard for the palm and by the time i get the pda dock properly ont he connector i usually forget what i be go to type ...  this work exactly as design . the only knock on it that i have read be that you must turn you t3 to left handed mode if you want to type in landscape format .  this be a very useful device .
64	Keyboard	POS	5	what can i say ... the product exceed my expectation . i have only have to change the mouse battery once and have not have to change the keyboard battery yet and i have be use it daily since november of 2010 ! it have a low profile receiver that plug into usb -lrb- no software need -rrb- and make it almost impossible to accidently get catch on it and potentionally break it . i wish the keyboard light up ; although that would burn thru battery faster . that be say , i think it should have a option to do so . if it do , then this product would be absolutely perfect . great product for a very fare price !
695	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard work great right of the box , and most importantly , all the key be full size and in the right place . love that it have a off switch , since it be only use intermittently .
868	Keyboard	POS	4	we purchase this for my son for he netbook , just incase he large hand could not work the smaller keyboard on he netbook . however he use it for he xbox . he be completely please with it . not sure how it would be to use daily at a pc ... but for what he use it for , it be great !
27	Keyboard	POS	5	i just receive the new k800 illuminate cordless keyboard from logitech and so far i really like it . my husband and i have a wall unit with two computer and each of we area be separate by a desktop . my corner be fairly dark even in the middle of the day so i want a keyboard that light up , but all the one i know of be cord , which would not work without some sort of extension . then i find this one . so far i enjoy it . the lighting be automatically as well as manually adjustable , it can recharge on the fly just like logitech 's newer mouse with the usb charger -lrb- which will work great with the usb port in my monitor -rrb- , and the key stroke be smooth and fairly sensitive . the key feel slightly larger than my previous keyboard -lrb- a mx5500 -rrb- and i know the f key be -lrb- the tiny f key slightly annoy i on my other keyboard -rrb- . there be a slight curve to the thin keyboard to make it slightly ergonomic . all in all i be quite pleased . now it be just to see how well it hold up - my job be datum entry from home so it will get a gruel workout ; -rrb-
46	Keyboard	POS	5	it work , use on a old aser $ 400 notebook . just insure you connect to the internet from window to find the online driver . i have to uninstall it in the device manager and reinstall it connect to the internet , but hey it work like a charm . no need to pay more , though the cable be short , about 5 foot end to end so you may need a usb extension cable unless you want you computer in you lap as you play the keyboard . note : use on a windows 7 home premium 64bit system
126	Keyboard	POS	5	it be compact , and it just work ! i buy this to replace a similar one that come with my xtreamer ultra pc that would not pair with it be usb stub . this new one work right out of the box . the only negative for i be that the touchpad be a bit awkward to use , but i just use a usb logitech wireless mouse that i have and i be fine now . it be nice not to have to have a large keyboard sit next to i on the couch anymore .
279	Keyboard	POS	5	okay , so i love my imac but hate that the include wireless keyboard be miss the right hand section with the number pad and all . i beg my husband for the cord apple brand keyboard , which for some reason have all of the miss key , but he be stick on wireless . i appeal to he frugality - the keyboard eat battery constantly . but to no avail . until i find this baby . screw apple for not release they own full wireless keyboard - i be fully aware i be not the only one who have this gripe . they loss , logitech 's win . the keyboard be very reminiscent of the apple keyboard in look and feel . it may feel \* slightly \* cheaper but all in all , it be a great keyboard . we have have no issue with it , and best of all it require no battery due to the solar panel .
304	Keyboard	POS	5	just what i be look for to keep my new `` baby '' pretty , safe and clean . perfect fit and very attractive . the fold out stand be a god send when i be work in front of the tv on my notebook lap table . so easy to put on and take off ! i save for my macbook and want to keep it nice for as long as i can . the `` see through '' logo section look even better in person . i highly recommend this cover .
555	Keyboard	POS	4	great keyboard ! use it currently ! the space bar be a little flimsy at time but be great for internet surfing ! find myself typing equal alot rather than hit backsspace , which cause the 4\/5 star  mycarryingcase aluminum 78 key wired usb mini keyboard for pc , mac , ps3 , xbox360 -lrb- product dimension around 11.25 '' x4 .75 '' -rrb-
232	Keyboard	POS	5	logitech be a great company , with great tech product . they have be make keyboard and mouse for a long time . which be why i be simply amaze at the craptascular installation guide that logitech provide with they product . here be what you get when you open the box : 1 -rrb- keyboard 2 -rrb- mouse 3 -rrb- one instruction book , one legal mumbo jumbo book . 4 -rrb- a cord that connect to you usb 5 -rrb- \*\* a tiny tiny tiny little thing that look like a extremely mini usb jump drive . \*\* the fifth item i almost throw away with the box because i do not see it . item 5 should be insert into item 4 . the instruction booklet does not mention this fact . -lrb- in any of the three language the instruction come in -rrb- . the instruction booklet be worthless . to paraphrase : plug it in and you be good to go ! no , it be not that simple . the only thing that i have find that simple and easy to use be a apple product . this be not that . also , the instruction booklet discuss `` unity software '' ... no software cd come in the box , so i be confuse . how would the driver be install ? here be my attempt at provide decent instruction , which logitech , for all its year of computer accessory experience , fail to do : 1 -rrb- unpack the five item . insert item 5 into item 4 . 2 -rrb- plug item 4 into you usb connection on you computer . position the other end of item 4 on you computer desk . 3 -rrb- log into your computer with you exist keyboard and mouse before turn on the new logitech stuff . trust i . i be guess windows automatically find the driver and install it from the internet , but it will not do this if you be not already log in . which mean the new keyboard and mouse will not work and you 'll be stick . 4 -rrb- disconnect you exist -lrb- wire , in my case -rrb- keyboard and mouse . turn on the new logitech keyboard and mouse . wait a bit for you computer to sense they and make they work . my computer do this `` sense '' and `` make it work '' automatically . make sure that the item 4 -lrb- which be the wireless sensor -rrb- be located on you desk in front of you keyboard and mouse , to make the keyboard and mouse detection easier . 5 -rrb- it work ! the logitech troubleshooting guide really suck too . i be not really sure what you should do if you have trouble with you keyboard and mouse . to quote the it crowd : `` have you try turn it off and on again ? '' because that be basically the advice the troubleshooting guide give you : check the battery , turn off and on and hope for the best . i try google the `` logitech unifying software '' when i think that i be miss a installation cd and nothing useful come up . be the product that new ? or just that foolproof ? okay , so you know the installation guide suck , and installation be not as easy peasy as it could be because of the sucky instruction . about the product , though : five star . it look nice , work well , and be price well . plus it be logitech , so you know it be good quality . ergonomic design -lrb- not really , but comfortable nonetheless -rrb- , feel good in you hand . a note for people who like they keyboard `` clicky '' : this keyboard be not clicky . it be pretty quiet when you type . final take : i like this product , would definitely purchase it again . but logitech really need to up they game and fix the installation guide , and delete reference to `` software '' -- which might make user like i wonder if they package be miss the driver cd . compatibility note : this be a windows 7 keyboard and mouse . it be not mac compatible . the computer i install it on be run windows xp , and it work well with that too . i would not buy this product if i have a older version of windows than that . to logitech : 1 -rrb- the item 5 i reference above be really small , and easy to lose . pack it differently or it will be lose , throw away , or crushed inadvertently . a packing list so people know what be in the box would be great -lrb- no , your installation guide , which be supposed to make this clear , did not have it list clearly ... item 5 and 4 be merge in the installation guide -rrb- . 2 -rrb- if item 5 be suppose to be plug into item 4 anyway , why do not you ship it out like that ? 3 -rrb- stop assume that you have design the greatest product in the world and it be so easy to use and wonderful that instruction and troubleshooting be unnecessary . tone down the `` so easy to use , no wonder it be # 1 '' outer packaging language . why ? because customer who have difficulty will feel that logitech be assume that they lack the intelligence to make they magical keyboard and magical mouse work . 4 -rrb- make the product name `` googleable '' . create a troubleshooting guide and installation faq on you website for this product -lrb- and make it easy to find !! -rrb- . do not use the same horrid book that you include in you packaging , be more helpful and complete in you instruction . a installation video would be nice . 5 -rrb- last thing : when you provide a email address for further information , do not underline it . because the underscore character merge with the underline in you final letter , make the email address unworkable . -lrb- in the letter you send out , the email address seem to have a underscore before the '' @ '' . which be probably incorrect . -rrb- seriously , you have not hire people that know this already ? 6 -rrb- fix you installation guide and troubleshooting guide . yes , you product be easy to use . but people will have problem . it be you job to help they fix they problem , instead of just tell people that you product be so great it need no troubleshooting since it install like magic .
80	Keyboard	POS	5	get it a few week ago . it work fine , no problem , nice button , ergonomic , useful function . linux -lrb- ubuntu -rrb- compatible . satisfied .
521	Keyboard	POS	4	i have be use my logitech revue for a couple of week now and really like it ! it have good flash support and seamlessly interface with tivo . now i only need one remote for the tv and both box . from the application screen , i can access the web , tivo recording , netflix , youtube , and live tv . the remote have a full keyboard , so i can use the tv as my portal to the web without the clunky interface and remote of some other system . it really be the convergence of television and internet . the only negative be that it appear to recompress the tivo signal , degrade the picture quality ever-so slightly . most viewer will not notice this unless they be professional video editor . it be exciting to be use a platform that will continue to evolve and improve over time .
61	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this keyboard to use in my kindergarten classroom . while i do not use it everyday , it have be a great addition to my routine . the sound quality be clear , and the voice , for the most part , be some of the most authentic i have hear on any electric piano . i love the pre-recorded song , which be intend as lesson - i have my student sing along to the familiar one .
332	Keyboard	POS	4	take some get use to , but once you do , this thing be really a neat tool to have . very packable and portable . the only issue be that the silicone be very susceptible to cut and abrasion . do not use knife or rough object around the keyboard ; i cut the membrane of one of the key with a small pocketknife accidentally while open letter .
495	Keyboard	POS	5	let i say this first of all . if you do not like noisy tactile keyboard this one be not for you . if you have use a ibm model m or one of the old northgate keyboard you will love this keyboard . i have have computer since the old heath kit and then buy a northgate computer with the state of the art intel processor - a 386dx and with the computer come a northgate omni keyboard . i love it . that all that ledt of that old system . long toss but keep keyboard . the model s professional be the keyboard i purchase . it be the one with the letter key . they make one without letter so be sure of what you want . i have have it now for a couple of week now . it have the feedback that i like . you know when you press a key , you hear the key-press as well as feel the positive feedback . it seem to be very well make . it be not ergonomic as there be no wrist rest . it be not a media keyboard but i do not use those feature anyway . i have own a logitech wave and k350 keyboard and a microsoft media keyboard -lrb- 6000 -rrb- . i just do not like the feedback from these membrane keyboard . oh yes it be a wire keyboard with a two port usb hub located on the side . to get the full benefit of the unlimited n-key rollover you need the old style ps2 port and in addition a usb port so that the usb hub on the keyboard will function . very expensive but well worth the price .
816	Keyboard	POS	5	the original release of the revue be a disappointment , but the hardware itself be not the problem . google rush the operating system out before it be ready . a year later , after the android platform spawn cell phone , tablet and even a satellite , google have a much better handle on the platform and what work and do not . the newest release of the software for the revue be call honeycomb , and it be a massive leap forward . when install my revue , it ask if i want to install the update . i eagerly agree and it quickly set itself up . you need to log in to you google -lrb- gmail -rrb- account in order to fully take advantage of its feature , but once you do , everything else fall in place . in my setup , i have a tivo , a blu ray home theater system from samsung and a sony tv . i run hdmus from the tivo to the blu ray player and hdmus from there to the revue and from the revue to the tv . the ir remote attachment that come with the revue let i control channel change and volume on the other two device , but do not think of it as a true universal remote or a manager for the other device , it be not mean for that . the connectivity to the tivo -lrb- or other dvr -rrb- have one goal : to control channel change . the integration with the playlist on the dvr be poor , so if you buy this as a one-stop controller it will disappoint . however , since it have its own channel listing , it can give you a matrix of movie that be currently play on live tv much the way the netflix app show you what be in you queue . along with this , be progress bar that show how much of each movie be currently over . the killer feature , though , be browse movie and tv show from internet source . you browse by title , not service . the revue then tell you what service have the movie you want . so , let 's say you want to watch limitless and have a amazon prime and netflix account . the revue will tell you that you can watch it for free on netflix , for a rental fee on amazon and for a $ 1.99 fee on youtube . this one feature make the box worth buying , but as the tv salesman once say , wait : there be more ! the andorid market let you buy app just as you would on a android phone . the selection be much , much smaller right now , because not many app vendor be target google tv yet , but you can add in google music to put you whole music collection on the device ; flixster movie for browse what be currently in theater ; and a number of very nice game , just for starter ! overall , this be the best tv-related device i have purchase since the tivo . highly recommend !
586	Keyboard	POS	5	i recently buy this item as a christmas gift and i test it out to make sure it be worth what i have pay for it . and it be ! this lightweight keyboard be a must have . i do not have any reception problem and the mouse be so great . it feature many shortcut for internet surfer . it be comfortable and stowsaway easily when not in use .
439	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this due to extreme frustration with typing on my device - i be truly what you would call fat finger and be constantly frustrate by the auto correct -lrb- $ % & # % ^ \* $ % & # -rrb- put random crap on my text and such . the keyboard be alright - it hook right up to my ipad , imac , pc , and iphone . the only thing that be difficult to hook up to be my android tablet , and after some internet research i get it to link up after about 3 hour . it be better to use than the screen on the phone and tablet , but not as good as a `` real '' keyboard . i guess that mean the developer be do they job since that be the niche the product be design for . i give this to a friend 's daughter who need a keyboard for a school-issued ipad . she be extremely pleased with it so i be rating it a 4 - my 3 and she 5 make it a 4 .
717	Keyboard	POS	5	i do not know what other people be complain about as far as the space bar go . but then again i be a heavy typist . i love this keyboard over any normal keyboard . as far as slow down typing i have not notice that but i do not type that fast as other . then again after only a few hour typing on it i have notice that the spacebar be a little stiff . but i 'll live with it .
829	Keyboard	POS	4	the steelseries g6v2 be space efficient , heavy , and have a excellent tactile feel to it . it be a perfect keyboard for those who never have a mechanical keyboard before . the only criticism i have be that the shift key and backspace feel different and worn compare the the rest of the key and that the return\/enter key displace the \ | key down near \/ ? which be tricky to get use to .
939	Keyboard	POS	5	windows 7 will update driver for this unit , ps3 will recognize this unit let you use keyboard and mouse from one usb from the ps3 -lrb- anyone know if this work for xbox 360 ? -rrb- . zero lag if you be within 15 foot of receiver , can use over 8 hour long for long gaming session . only take about 5 hour to top off battery recharge . keyboard only take 2 aa battery and will last 3 week of use . box come with battery . mouse be pretty light and groove be not so small that human skin wont get stick into the crack . yeh , that nasty but everyone who clean a mouse can apreciate that . zero side button = fail -lrb- useful reload and auto run button -rrb- . no software that will let you overide exist plug in keyboard or mouse to enable you to use gyration wireless unit . all in sense , its like what every average person would want . adaptable and easy to use . just plug and play .
520	Keyboard	POS	5	it be also a lightweight and inexpensive alternative to the traditional keypad available . \* initial inspection \*\* test \*\*\* pro 's and con 's \*\*\*\* conclusion \* the keyboard \/ mouse come as a 3-piece package . in addition to the keyboard and mouse , there be also a small receiver that plug into the usb port . the mouse run on two -lrb- 2 -rrb- aa battery -lrb- supply -rrb- and the keyboard run on two -lrb- 2 -rrb- aaa battery , also supply . \*\* installation take all of 30 seconds from the moment you plug in the receiver . this set be suppose to work exclusively with windows xp through windows 7 . as i have a copy of windows xp nestle in vmware fusion , this be where i be go to base my review upon , however this set be instantly recognize by the mac 's os . go figure . one of the thing you 'll immediately recognize be that the key have just enough resistance and spring to make typing easy and fast . the key be also amply spread apart for bigger finger . on the winxp side , the set work perfectly with microsoft office 2000 , windows media player and roxio creator 2010 -lrb- at least , the work software in roxio 's bundle . -rrb- on the mac side , microsoft office 2008 , itunes , quicktime and adobe cs3 be responsive to the keyboard and mouse . in fact , i be write this review from the mac side . the only difference would be that the shortcut key on the mac side : command + , be now windows -lrb- icon -rrb- + , everything else include the volume , light , work the same . a dedicated media key on the header row have to be program before it 'll work for either pc or mac . compare the slimboard to apple 's `` wireless keyboard , '' both key have a wonderful touch response . and , with the exception of apple 's be make out of aluminum and verbatim 's of plastic , the only really difference be the additional 7 '' that accommodate the traditional pc numeric pad . the difference in height and width be negligible . all thing be equal , with a separate keypad on the apple , it would be about the same length . \*\*\* pro 's and con 's pro 's + beautiful , glossy finish . + key response be very good . + function with both pc and intel mac ! + lightweight . + inexpensive . con 's - -lrb- not really a negative criticism , but the keyboard be very long . i would not reduce it to sacrifice the numeric keypad , which be very handy . -rrb- \*\*\*\* whatever one be look for in a wireless keyboard and mouse , chance be it be find here . verbatim `` slimboard '' be both functional and elegant with enough feature that allow for quick and easy access to file and program on you system . this lightweight and inexpensive set stand up nicely against apple 's slim , wireless keyboard -lrb- which i love -rrb- very nicely . additionally , it operate , at least on my system , on both windows xp and mac osx 10.5.8 . all of this make , verbatim 's slimboard a smart buy and a very good investment .
209	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase this keyboard to replace the one in my wife 's laptop . it be a breeze to replace and work great . take i about 20 min . to remove old one and install the new one . i think that be pretty good since it be my first time replace a keyboard .
787	Keyboard	POS	4	i love this keyboard for gaming use . i only have two problem with it , the button on the side get lose and fall off . the other problem that i have be the bottom wrist bar have weak hinge and be on the line of break off . also the touchscreen panel take a little force to work . but other than that it be a wonderful keyboard and i would buy it if you be look for a backlit keyboard .
204	Keyboard	POS	5	i just get the mk710 package and the keyboard be a mk700 keyboard with a m705 mouse . i just contact logitech and they explain that the new mk710 use a mk700 keyboard with unifying receiver support . the reason they explain that the mk710 box do not say mk700 on it because they already have a product float around in store call the mk700 without unifying receiver . they call it mk710 as a way to say it be a upgrade from mk700 . if you be to purchase the mk700 package and look under the keyboard it will say mk700 without the unifying receiver symbol print on the back . the mk710 package have the mk700 keyboard with the unifying receiver symbol print on the back of the keyboard . this be a new keyboard with unifying receiver support . so do not think that the one you purchase be a different product because it be not .
405	Keyboard	POS	4	pro : the illumination of the key be great and the reason i purchase this keyboard . con : the key themselves be somewhat noisy and the backspace key be very small as well as the right shify key , do not understand why . rather annoy overall a good keyboard for the low price . would recommend
573	Keyboard	POS	4	take some get use to but work well . defineatly reduce stress on the finger and wrist .
74	Keyboard	POS	5	i usually only review thing if they make a huge impact on i -lrb- good or bad -rrb- . this keyboard be a truly great product . i 'll start by qualify the con which have already be point out by other : \* slow wakeup time . if you have not use it in a little while , tap the spacebar and wait a few seconds . that be all . it be really not such a terrible thing . \* dedicate home and end key . this one i agree with , although there be way to re-map you keyboard . this keyboard have dedicate page up\/down key with home\/end as extra function . on my pc i be go to use a keyboard mapping program to reverse the key so that home\/end be the primary key and page up\/down be the function key . for this i give the keyboard 4.75 star instead of a even 5 -lrb- or would if i could -rrb- . now we 'll talk about the good thing : \* size : have the number pad separate from the keyboard be inspire . not only can you carry only one or the other if you so choose , but the unit allow you to make better use of limited space by arrange the two part of the keyboard however be most convenient for you . \* shape : i usually only use the split keyboard -lrb- ergometric -rrb- . on the other hand , there be no deny that a ergometric keyboard take up a good deal more space than a straight keyboard . this product strike the perfect balance : the design offer about 75 % of the ergonomic advantage of a split keyboard while only take up 10 % more space than it would have if this keyboard be completely straight . \* action : this be very much like a laptop keyboard , which worry i at first . i hate laptop keyboard : i can only ever manage to type half speed on they . for some reason , though , this product give i probably the best typing experience i have ever have on any keyboard , laptop or otherwise . as i type this review , i be amaze at the speed i be achieve , especially consider the next bullet point . \* support : most review be not able to comment on this , but my keyboard arrive with a broken `` e '' key . the key will not stay on and keep pop off while i type -lrb- and yet i can still manage to keep up over 80 word per minute if i be careful -rrb- . i call microsoft support , get a human be after hold for less than 10 minute , and be tell that a replacement be en route and that i do not have to worry about ship the old one back . needless to say i be very pleased because i love the keyboard .
850	Keyboard	POS	4	you can not beat the price on this keyboard skin . i like that it protect the keyboard - it add a barrier from liquid get into my laptop in case of accidental spill , and keep dust and lint from get in between the key . it feel good with its nice rubbery grip , but it do take a little bit of get use to . con : it do not fit perfectly snug so there be a few area on the edge that slightly buckle . the rubbery feel take get use to so at first you typing will slow down because it feel like each key be stick -lrb- even though it be not -rrb- . you can not tell if the cap lock be turn on because it cover the little light . overall i recommend this skin and i actually end up buy another one for my daughter too .
378	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy the saitek eclipse ii keyboard as a upgrade from a smaller illuminating keyboard . i really like the feature on this . it be well lay out and very well build . it be get a nice weight and feel to it . the key feel great while typing and actually have a little bit of texture to they . even the character on the key have style . i especially like the glossy black finish to the main board part . the illumination be not terribly bright , but it be enough to find the key in the dark and make it look cool . the color can be change with the press of a button and the intensity of the light can also be adjust . it do not come with direction , but everything be pretty easy to figure out . great keyboard !
79	Keyboard	POS	5	within a week of have this keyboard ive already spill water and meat on it and it get inside the key . you would never know . the key arent sticking and everything be work perfect . the keyboard be amazing , i have not learn how to use all the entensive feature but what i have so far be amazing . another mentionable thing be that most people complain of the palm wrest say it be useless , i find it very suitable personally . yes it be hard plastic but i dont put all my wait on it , i more use it as a elbow rest and i use it to lightly wrest my wrist on it to take some pressure off my finger while typing for extensive period of time . i think it be comfortable , you may believe different though .
314	Keyboard	POS	5	im very happy with this keyboard the size , the design the compatibility be great . i buy one and i like other one for my girlfriend
907	Keyboard	POS	4	good product , fast shipping , exactly as describe . the only thing that would have make this a 5 \* rating be if they would have ship instruction on how to replace . instead of take the entire laptop appart , i really only need to take out 4 screw ... but , lesson learn ... thanks .
782	Keyboard	POS	4	for 96c and free shipping , this item be a steal ! the texture itself feel really soft and smooth . -lrb- personal preference -rrb- stick on the key , and doesnt slide off . almost perfect fit . i only wish theyd cut out the white character so the keyboard back light would go pass through they .
929	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this as i work from home and sometimes long hour into the night . the room light can get pretty irritating on my eye for those hour and i be bill conscious . this light be great so far ! it feel and look sturdy yet flexible and grab without pinch - the usb do not drag down the port and sit pretty comfortable there . not only be the light bright enough to illuminate my full size laptop computer keyboard but give a area of illumination that cover my work phone on one side and my write implement on the next . pretty strong light be what i be say !
610	Keyboard	POS	5	microsoft comfort curve keyboard 2000 -lrb- b2l-00002 -rrb-  the key be large which help in typing . it have a bit of a curve make it easier on the hand without get that middle split like the newer one . my bluetooth 's keep mess up or just die or the transceiver go bad . i get tire of have to replace it . it might have have a good warranty but lose the keyboard and wait for a new one be a pain . this be a simple usb that you just plug in and it be good to go . i have large hand and get tire of those little keyboard with the little key . type well , key do not ever stick . i be happy with this purchase . i use it to replace all my microsoft bluetooth 's that i love but have too many problem , too much replacement .
784	Keyboard	POS	4	excellent product , deliver exactly what it promise . one little request to logitech - make the usb cable also a datum cable or provide a charger or provide a charger cradle -lrb- like dinovo -rrb- .
628	Keyboard	POS	4	i find the keyboard to work flawlessly . great design and comfortable to use . my only problem , and it be not anything you can do , be that when i use a keyboard i instinctively want to use a mouse or track pad . see how the ipad be touch screen interface this obviously be not possible . so i do find it awkward to go between screen and keyboard . so i would use it only in the case of need to type a significant amount of text - it be not for everyday use . the case work well , stay snug , and be slim and light . overall a very nice product .
575	Keyboard	POS	5	so easy to install , even a caveman could do it . the red and blue backlighting could be a tad brighter , but overall it be a excellent keyboard .
299	Keyboard	POS	5	i just receive my keyboard skin cover for my mac book and it fit perfect ! it actually turn out cover the key better than i think it would . i figure it would be too bulky , but to my surprise it fit and i can actually close my mac book completely ! i would definitely recommend this product to anyone want to personalize they mac book !!!
646	Keyboard	POS	5	first off , i be typing this review on the new trent airblue bt keyboard after a full day of use at work without be plug in . i expect if it have similar battery life to new trent 's other offering , the airbender keyboard\/case , it will easily make it through another day before need to be charge , if not longer . the airblue be beutiful and instantly draw compliment from my co-worker in the office . `` it be like a baby macbook '' be hear more than once . keyboard size and key spacing be generous and when compare to the apple bt keyboard many of we use at we desk for we desktop computer , it be practically the same size , mean you now have near desktop level typing capabilite with you ipad2 . all the special function key like volume , play\/pause , brightness adjust , screen lock , etc work great and only serve to enhance the seamless integration between the keyboard and the ipad2 . beware though that the keyboard maintain the device simply by means of gravity and the angle of it be channel , so you will want to be careful when grab it and take it mobile , or you will quickly remember that it be not in fact a netbook , as you prize posession fall to the desk or ground with a clatter leave you hold the lightweight and elegant keyboard all by itself . great keyboard and major conversation starter because everyone will think you have a ninja macbook they have not even hear of yet !
529	Keyboard	POS	5	the material be fantastic , and the visibility through it be great , too . however , this be likely design for a 13 or 14 inch laptop , because my laptop be a 15.6 inch one , and it do not reach across the entire keyboard . if they make a larger one , i would definitely order one again to have it cover the entire thing . a negative point be that if you do not be careful the first time put it on , it will get a little smudgy . do not make a difference with clarity , though . another great point be that if it be really bad , you can take it off and rinse it , or wipe it off , depend on what be on it .
645	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this cover in intention of keep my macbook pro keyboard look new . i do not want to let it get all greasy and have it wear off . this cover fit perfect . it be great to type with and make it even quieter . however there be a problem because this cover create dirt on my screen .
769	Keyboard	POS	5	i have buy a keyboard by the same company that be $ 40 cheaper , but hate it because the backlighting be too weak to light the key in dim light , and there be no separate arrow key apart from the one that share the numeric keypad . the key would light ok for very dark condition , but dim lighting be a killer . this keyboard have incredible tactile response - my typographical error be fewer than before , the lighting be superior in all ambient lighting , and the unit feel substantial , weighting several time as much as the generic keyboard . i love the fact that it be get five dedicated key for record you own keystroke , and the build in usb port be great for use with my blue snowball microphone . if you use a keyboard a lot , i assure you that this one be worth every single penny . the only problem i have have with it be that once the `` f6 '' key stick , but i jiggle it , and it be be fine since then . maybe i be just lucky , but this keyboard be the best value that i have ever have for the money .
539	Keyboard	POS	5	i work in technology and programming , so i use my keyboard all of the time . so much that i be have `` repetative stress '' problem -lrb- basically , tendonitis in my hand and wrist -rrb- .  so i buy the m natural keyboard . i type over 80 word a minute but do not have much trouble get use to the new key arrangement -- which be still a qwerty design , just on a angle . not only be the arrangement more comfortable , but the action on the keyboard be about the best i have use : full range of motion , appropriate key resistance . overall , the keyboard be the fastest , most comfortable i have ever work on . in 6 year , i have not have any tendonitis problem with this keyboard -lrb- but do have they when i be force to use a regular keyboard for too long -rrb- .  i be at amazon today to buy a third one -- i have have to give up the old one with each outdated pc .  hope this help !
298	Keyboard	POS	4	i open this up from its nice packaging and notice when it be close it feel a lot like a little net book . i be very happy initially , but when i go to open the clam shell the first thing i notice be the lid seem cheap and flimsy . i almost feel like i be break it when i open it , but it open fine . i could sure see the plastic hinge break on this lid . the keyboard and bottom of the case be very nice , it feel sturdy , have some nice rubber foot on it to prevent slide . the key on the keyboard be raise enough that its easy to type on they , which be a plus . i use my new ipad 3rd gen and place it in the lid and notice right away again the lid be a issue , the ipad do not feel secure in it , and with the weight the keyboard semus lift up off the ground like its to much back weight . this can be adjust by slide the back out further away from the base to compensate . in fact the whole lid itself that house the ipad can come unattached from the base and you can move the keyboard wherever you want for ease of typing . the pairing process be easy , simply power on the keyboard , and press the connect button , go into the ipad bluetooth setting and select the keyboard , it then prompt you to enter a access code on the keyboard to connect and there you go . the keyboard have a a on and off switch and a lot of hot key for the ipad , for instance one touch home screen , brightness , camera , virtual keyboard , search , and volume control . these all work well when test . when folding the case up with the ipad in the lid , it do not quite feel closed all the way but close . again this go to the fact that my ipad do not feel safe and secure 100 % in this case . there be opening in the lid where they need to be for the camera , and speaker so nothing be obstruct when in the case . the lid do a unique swivel so you can have the ipad vertical or horizontal which be nice . overall the case work , i only give it four star because the lid need some work , it just feel cheap , do not house the ipad securely enough for i , and be so light with the add ipad weight it kind of throw the whole thing out of balance unless you adjust it just right . i just want a little more out of the lid and the secureness of my ipad investment . everything else work great , and its a unique design that work . i like how it feel like a netbook when seal up also . i have carry a netbook around for year and this just feel right . for the price this be a good keyboard for you ipad compare to other out there cost a lot more . i think the top two to beat be the zag folio , and the kensington one , but those be a little more pricey . if you want to stay under the $ 60 mark and have a nice keyboard combo this work .
17	Keyboard	POS	4	first off this be a very great idea that need i little time to fix up . works great for my need . i use to hook my laptop up to my tv , but i use my laptop and there for do not want it hook up to my tv . web browsing be decent minor lag on my fast connection but bearable . best benefit pandora can play in the background while do other thing , as do the media player . also work with nfl sunday ticket to go which be awesome . so over all good but do need some work .
266	Keyboard	POS	5	i be hesitant to get this keyboard simply because of the price . i have it on my wish list for about six week . then i splurge and figure i could return it if i be not blow away . well , i be and have be . right out of the box i be amaze by how professional and slick it look . the after turn it and and see the black case with the white letter ... wow ... my friend have be amaze and be very envious . after connect with my pc wirelessly the keyboard be ready to rock . no cd 's , no have to read instruction , just a easy installation per sey ... this keyboard do everything and have everything you need . the shortccut on the fn key be amazing and everything just feel right ... i have a black hd set by samasung and this key board go perfect with that and my black logitech everything mouse . i would highly reccommend this keyboard even at the high price ... quality , function and the bell and whistle come with this keyboard ...
324	Keyboard	POS	5	this be my very first ergonomic keyboard and it be my favorite . i have try many other by the same company and other company as well . however , this be my favorite because it truly be comfortable and the key be easy to work with , in other word they do not stick like some other . find out recently they be discontinue this model but i find it on amazon.com and i receive it in excellent condition and on time . very grateful for that ! i highly recommend this product .
55	Keyboard	POS	4	compact and functional . small be what i be look for and the multimedia key at the top be perfect for the mame machine\/digital jukebox i will be run it on . have dedicated ctrl\/alt\/del key and windows key . a little awkward because of small size , but all-in-all i like it . micro usb dongle be located in a storage compartment between the battery slot . have to check the manual to see where it be store as it be so small it do not stand out when i install the battery . driver be automatically install by windows xp . no issue so far .
129	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be exactly what you want if a basic , operational , usb keyboard be what you be look for . the feel be good , operation be quiet , and the response be perfect . for under $ 20 , this be likely the best device you can purchase .
642	Keyboard	POS	5	probably like many of you i have try many a tv set-top box that promise to change my tv viewing experience forever . countless `` digital media adapter '' from many different vendor . inevitably they fail to live up to the promise -- of the `` god box '' -- one box that will play any media from anywhere . often they more than fail to deliver on this promise , they be impossible to use or simply too buggy to keep in my living room . the revue , on the other hand , while not perfect yet , have largely do what none of these box could do . and we be at the early stage of googletv and what it will be able to deliver . setup be fairly simple , take i through a few screen to connect to my home network , do a software update , and then link up to my dish network vip622 dvr . the $ 4.00 charge by dish be just silly ... but i do give dish credit for bring this product to they subscriber ahead of anyone else . have to use a keyboard to interact with my tv take a bit of get use to , but be not nearly as difficult as i think it would be . the keyboard be very small and lightweight . the logitech iphone remote control app be interesting also and the right vision in term of two screen interactivity , but for now i think i like the keyboard better . searching for content across the internet and my dish dvr be simple now . there be a bit of a adjustment period of get use to tv as just one of many application the revue can deliver on . i have be enjoy a variety of content on the web from amazon vod and many other site . integration with the dish dvr be ok , although i have find that some recording be not setup correctly when do via the revue . but overall the integration be good , you will never pick up the dish remote control again . btw , actually one of the best feature of this product be that it be `` transparent '' to you tv watch unless you pick up the keyboard and interact with it . if you have someone in you house who be not so interested in use the revue , they can continue use the dish dvr the same way as before . the logitech vidhd camera be cool , but at this point i do not know many people that have one . disappointingly , the built-in camera on my laptop seem incompatible and i need to purchase a external camera to be able to call my googletv . if they could make my iphone 4 front face camera work with it , that would be very cool feature . the build in media player app -lrb- for play content off the hdd -rrb- be a nice addition , although i would say not a mainstream feature . although it be mark as `` beta '' it be able to play most of the video file from my collection . all in all i highly recommend this product . as a 1.0 product i think logitech and google have do a remarkable job in deliver on the vision of bring the internet and tv together .
479	Keyboard	POS	5	i be use it over a half year now . still i love this combo . the keyboard be sleek , so comfortable to type ; function key be so useful in many way . it beautifully work with windows 7 x64 bit . mouse be very comfortable to hold . main key point be that function of both keyboard and mouse be programmable . if you do not want or want certain button to do certain action , you can change it use its driver . i do not know why people be complain that they could not use f function . however this be true , if you do not install the driver come with it . this should be problem once you install the program call `` setpoint '' . mouse work when i be 3.5 m away from computer . i could not test it further . that be limit of my room size . it work on virtually every type of surface . mouse look a little bit oversized on the website , however it be not . nevertheless , it be a little bit heavy , if you be use to super small , light mouse . i be use this combo along with my laptop and external monitor .
711	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this keyboard because of the usb port . i have since move to the microsoft wireless desktop package - i wish it have usb port .
487	Keyboard	POS	5	do not get i wrong , the iboard be definitely a niche product for most as be a lot of motorola 's product . but in that niche , it be definitely a 5-star high quality device . if you be like i and have big or lanky finger and can not really use those tiny driplet size key on qwerty keyboard nowadays not to mention the newest add-on keyboard motorola now offer for they iden phone , this be the product for you . take a full-size laptop keyboard and put it into a collapsible tabletop keyboard with a cradle style connector for you phone . works with all of motorola 's latest iden phone that still have the classic ` motorola bus ' connector on the bottom . even the more modern i880\/i885 have no trouble with it . drastically reduce typing time from the t9 assist keypad entry to a full qwerty entry system which bypass any and all spelling\/capitalization suggestion that t9 usually offer . for the price it can usually be find for , it would be stupid not to pick one up if you do any moderate amount of text entry work on you nextel phone . and as always , it be a classic motorola product and be durable as a brick . fold up the case be make out of a sturdy aluminum which snugly fold the collapsible keyboard inside .
980	Keyboard	POS	5	i recently purchase this item for my work station . all i have to do be plug in and go . it come with software , but i do not need it . the keyboard be soft and the key do not pop , ultra quiet . the mouse be smooth over the pad . the roller on the mouse can be click to smooth or notch wheel . overall this product be worth the money if you like to have trouble free typing .
979	Keyboard	POS	5	have to borrow another brand while await shipment of new logitech . there be no comparison . the other major brand be not quick and fresh like my new logitech . small plug in router be simple and sharp with great coverage . thanks for a good product . thanks for amazon 's super price and service . jim
8	Keyboard	POS	5	i have only use this for about a month now , but it be exactly what i want ... simple , cheap and functional . it have all the basic key necessary and happily in the original standard configuration -lrb- i.e. window key , arrow , home\/end , page , return , keypad , etc. be all in the `` right '' place -rrb- . the leg on the bottom of the keyboard be the only questionable part when i first receive . they look a bit flimsy , but so far have be fine and they be slightly rubberize , so they provide a nice non-slip feature . as for the mouse , laser so accurate and spin wheel have nice feel to it . recommend esp . for price .
372	Keyboard	POS	5	i love the range of this unit . the keyboard contour with you hand . the mouse feel like it be form from my hand too . the shortcut function area great time saver . volume up and down be so easy to use now . it beat have to click around and find the volume setting .
19	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard sport slick design , unique functionality , and it be the most comfortable keyboard i have ever use -lrb- in 15 year of pc use -rrb- . it be a little buggy when use with a kvm though . it will take some get use to , but once you learn how to work with a ergonomic keyboard , you 'll have a hard time go back to a regular keypad . it be a must-have for my fellow carpel-tunnel survivor !
604	Keyboard	POS	5	great replacement keyboard very easy to install after i finally find correct instruction on how to remove the old keyboard .
710	Keyboard	POS	5	i have just receive the zaggmate and as soon i synce it with the ipad it just start work perfectly , i can not explain how efficient the zaggmate be but i can say despite the high price but it worth every dollar pay for it , it be a must have item if you be a ipad addict , it just turn everything easier and almost make you ipad turn into a laptop . thank you zaggmate , mohamed .
89	Keyboard	POS	4	this be great keyboard . works well and have a decent range . i be use the keyboard with ubuntu . it fire right up . logitech do not support ubntu so do not expect all the bell and whistle . the only thing that be miss be the ability to tilt up . a feature that come on just about every keyboard no matter how cheap .
421	Keyboard	POS	4	i drop the cash on this expect just a average product , or just a cheap knockoff of the much more fancy $ 30 cover from the iskin website . i be pleasantly surprise when i open the package and stick it on , and find that it just happen to be pretty dang snazzy . it look good , feel good , and fit really well . the key line up perfectly , none of that awkward double character effect . the backlighting be subdue a lot , but not so much that it be render useless or anything . as far as typing go , it feel natural . it take about 2 minute to get use to it , then the `` this be weird '' effect wear off . not to mention , this cover just make any typing so so comfortable ! the post do say high grade silicone , and they deliver on that ! overall : worth the money , but i would caution buyer about the packaging when ship . seriously ? a envelope ? i pay $ 4.95 to have this ship , and it come to i in a old brown envelope . the product be fine , but there be much that could have go wrong . beyond that however , i highly recommend this product , it will extend the life of you mac at least 5 fold .
591	Keyboard	POS	5	this keboard do have small letter ... but overall it have great range and so do the mouse ... and the battery last pretty good so far , couple month in and still go ... i do recommend this at such a great price . there be some really good deal here on amazon ! happy customer !
86	Keyboard	POS	5	i just receive this keyboard from amazon . it seem to be work just fine for i . i would recommend that anyone in the market for a budget ergonomic keyboard visit amazon often and try to find this item in stock and on sale or with free shipping . i be extremely fortunate to see amazon have this on sale -lrb- 14.98 -rrb- and with free shipping , so it be a low risk , potentially high reward investment for i . most of the standard non-ergonomic keyboard be the same price as this one . this be a immediate upgrade over those old dinosaur keyboard that have stiff key and give you carpal tunnel syndrome . there be some vendor on the internet that sell this model , and other keyboard , in refurbish condition . i personally believe that keyboard -lrb- from budget model to expensive one -rrb- be too sensitive to buy they refurbish or off of a retail shelf . good luck to anyone who do that , but you might find yourself write a one star review .
861	Keyboard	POS	5	want to replace the beat-up old ps\/2 keyboard i keep on hand for work with older system . this new one look sleek , work well and the key be actually quieter than my logitech wave . it be very light and do not feel heavy duty , but i have have no problem with it . the form factor be nice and compact for be a full size keyboard . i like that there be no silly extra shortcut key . all in all , great keyboard for the price and function .
512	Keyboard	POS	5	my friend have the original version of this keyboard and after use it for a few day , i fall in love with it . this be the absolutely best keyboard i have ever type on . the key strike smoothly but give enough resistance that you can be sure you hit the key . i be also a linux user , so even after use it for only a short time , i know this be the perfect keyboard for editing in vi -lrb- a text editor -rrb- . the two usb port on it be a real convenience to use other device . my only gripe with it , be that the usb port be not usb 2.0 compliant , so they will not work with power device such as a external cd-rom drive , or hard drive . other than that , the keyboard be really easy to use , and a great investment . i look forward to many year use this keyboard . note about seller user side : i screw up my first seller feedback , and amazon will not let you edit seller feedback , so i will leave it here . i give user side a 5 out of 5 rating for they fast shipping . package be estimate to arrive in october , but come about two week early . i have a issue with the usb port , but it turn out to be my own dumb error . call user side customer support and they inform i that the dip switch in the keyboard be set to have the usb downstream port on by default . i mess that up . service rep be very friendly , and very helpful . i would definitely buy from user side again when i need another happy hacking keyboard lite 2 . i hope they never stop sell they .
44	Keyboard	POS	5	i have a android phone 2.1 but this keyboard be simply not work no this version of the phone . the keyboard work great and be quiet and work for i specially with my pc where i have a belking bluetooth dongle . be easy to pair to my pc and work perfect specially when i just want to have my arm on my chair rest without have to type with the big keyboard and the big key , unfortunately it doesnt work on my android . the problem be when i run the application for the bluetooth keyboard to work , the application ask that you need to be connect on internet , which i do but the application just close and stop thats it . i think be because of the version of the android be a bit older . i will try on a new version on another android phone and see if it work . its a little tricky right there about the keyboard to work on you phone . you just have to open the cd that come with the keyboard and then you have to go to the android folder -lrb- in my case -rrb- and copy the application to you sd card . after that go to file manager and just run the application . the application will automatically install and run but in order to the application work you need to be connect to internet and that will be all you need . hope this will help you . with other model phone oyu have to open the folder of you operating system and do pretty much same thing . for better guideline open the manual pdf on the cd .
306	Keyboard	POS	5	really happy i purchase this because its easy to clean and add personality to my macbook pro . also it come within 2 day without the extra cost .
729	Keyboard	POS	5	the keyboard case be buy for my 10 year old daughter 's new ipad2 . initially , i be worry about whether it would meet we need for protection . however , the case be solid , swivel in every direction possible and open into a keyboard akin to the transformer . the keyboard be bluetooth enable so that we do not need to worry about wire . it work great when you want to type in the 4-8 word query and searcher . it also make the ipad good enough to type up one or two page memo . it be a great invention .
230	Keyboard	POS	4	i get this keyboard cover for my 14yearold daughter and she love it . the color be bright and it fit she macbook perfectly . i would reccomend this product .
587	Keyboard	POS	5	i be loving this great little keyboard and mouse . personally , i feel it be the perfect balance of portability , functionality , and value . i have my logitech keyboard and mouse set up and operational within 2 minute . i do enjoy more ergonomically friendly -lrb- curved -rrb- keyboard , but this keyboard feel very comfortable never-the-less . highly recommend !!
879	Keyboard	POS	4	perfect for clumsy people like i who tend to drop crumb or even water over the keyboard . the red be kinda orange-y , but it do the job . the fit be not perfect . some of it tend to bunch up and shift at time , but not enough to be dysfunctional .
611	Keyboard	POS	5	i do believe that this be the best keyboard for the under 40 dollar range for media center pc . the range be about 15 foot which be more then i be expect and the backlight be perfect for night time before bed movie . im typing on it now and its a little hard to reach the comma button but i didnt buy it to type essay just search on amazon for movie to watch .
825	Keyboard	POS	5	i get this for my mac as i be obsess with the apple keyboard and think i would get it sometime later and could get a mock up version ... the adv be this be exactly same as the mac keyboard , i mean completely ... i change the setting on the mac to give the alt button as the command button as it be near the space bar ... now this be damn awesome ... drawback be that , the num lock do not work ... but i do not need it anyways ... if u want a cheap keyboard either for window or mac ... go for it with you eye close !
42	Keyboard	POS	4	this be certainly the promptest vine review i have do ; i get this keyboard 20 minute ago and be use it to type this review . i be the third reviewer of this item , and the other two do not seem thrill by the small mouse , and one of they also by the keyboard . but i have get to say i like they both just fine . the keyboard have a number of very cool feature , chief amongst they the special feature button up top . they let you instantly access you home page , you email page , scroll through all you open page and pause to open any of they , and my favorite : the music button . there be a mute button -lrb- super useful and beat scramble to find it on you screen when some website suddenly blast you -rrb- , ff and rw button , and up and down volume button . plus there be a wmp button that open it instantly ; you can get you tune go mighty quick with this keyboard . and that be very useful indeed if you listen to music constantly . as a freelance writer who be use many keyboard i enjoy this one , and i write at about 2,000 word a hour so i need a crisp touch ; the key here bounce back at the rate i like they to and i can type very quickly . zero complaint . if i have any as i use this over the next week or month , i 'll definitely edit this . if there be nothing after this sentence in parenthesis , then i still like it ! the tab on the bottom top of the keyboard raise it up the right amount , not too little as with many wireless kb . here be the best thing about wireless kb : they let you sit farther away from the laptop and its screen and thus lessen the strain on eye and body . very useful , and this let you spend much more time on the computer with much less discomfort . if you use a computer at work try a wireless kb and see what a huge difference it can make , also by let you raise the screen to be level with you eye instead of make you neck crane down all day . for those with a ps3 or other console with internet on it , a wireless keyboard will also let you sit on the sofa and easily use you tv screen as you computer screen : a very nice feature indeed . this kb work from far across my room , as do the mouse . nice . as for the tiny mouse , yes , it be rather small , and i have not use it enough to see if it will wear out my hand as the other reviewer claim . i be not exactly small -- 6 ' 2 '' -- so we 'll see . so far it feel fine . i like its tight circle ... you move it a tiny bit and it cover the screen , so it be not like you be roll it all over the desk to move the cursor . and as a guitarist i kinda like the workout for my right hand finger , which should help my hybrid travis pick . all in all , this be one of the better wireless keyboard i have use , and for the price , with mouse include , it seem like a good deal .
875	Keyboard	POS	4	pro : dimension , design , build & relative performance con : lack of wwan conclusion : give the minor annoyance about the lack of wwan , low screen rotation and less than advertise battery life , this be the best slate pc available as of q1 2012 . reviewer : my main reason for purchase it be to reduce my accoutrements for the road . i be on the road ~ 40 week out of the year & my gear -lrb- laptop + ipad + phone + support cable and etc. -rrb- for north america weigh in around 17lb . for international travel , add another 2 lb . i desperately want to pare down my stuff for the road . series 7 slate replace my laptop & ipad , which reduce my gear weight to 5lb for north america & 7lb for international travel . when you be on the road as much as i be , that mean a lot . product impression : it be beautiful and feel solid . during initial configuration , it do not seem to be stable . after repeat the initial configuration twice , i apply the bios update , slate be rock solid . -lrb- note to samsung - please do a better job of organize the web site so that the update be easier to find . -rrb- have not connect the slate to a large external monitor to test it as a desktop replacement , but then again , it be not the main reason for the purchase . product rating as follow : overall 4 - see comment below feature 4 - lack of wwan -lrb- for now -rrb- slate case have a slot dedicate for sim , but be not active at the time of purchase . not a big deal since i can access the web via tethering to my android phone , however , it would have be a nice feature for someone like i . i may upgrade to a newer model when the feature become available . performance 4 - relatively slow screen rotation & battery life could be better several reviewer comment about the relatively slow screen rotation -lrb- when compare to ipad -rrb- . this may have to do with windows 7 limitation rather than the hardware issue . when the windows 8 become available , i hope that it will address the issue . another issue be the battery life . samsung 's claim of 7 hour be bit optimistic . in real world , i be get about 4 hour , which be enough to get i from ny to sf or 2\/3 way to paris . while power plug -lrb- in business class -rrb- take care of the issue , longer battery life be always appreciate . -lrb- note : overstate battery performance be a issue with all the hardware manufacturer , not just samsung . caveat emptor ... -rrb- have say that , i be aware of the issue at the time of the purchase and can live with the minor annoyance . design 4 - could use another usb port slate have 1 usb port , which i understand , but why be the dock limit to only 1 usb port as well ? while simple usb hub correct the problem , it be another thing to carry and remember on the road . value 3 - not for everyone while i can justify the cost of the slate , i suspect that for most people with light e-mail and web surfing need may baulk at the price . for majority of the people , ipad or android tablet be a perfectly viable option . however if you need windows hardware and not willing to carry around a laptop and tablet combination , this be the best slate pc available as of q1 2012 .
233	Keyboard	POS	5	this product have perform admirably after 6 month of use and counting . i still love my apple bluetooth keyboard that come with my imac but it be suck up battery every two week , even under moderate use . this be true of many bluetooth device . enter the logitech k750 solar power keyboard and the problem be solve . the build quality be very good with a nice heft to it even though it be make of plastic . the solar power work extremely well . even with a small desk lamp the battery gauge never drop below 96 % . i have go day without put direct light on it and the battery meter barely budge . but the nicest thing about the keyboard aside from the solar power be the feel of the key . type on this thing be a pleasure . it be very soft and quiet . you also get the numeric keypad on the right just like a regular keyboard which be great for i for work . also worth mention be that it work in windows too , just the special function key on top do not work but for normal typing it be fine . overall , a very nice product and a must for those who do not want to deal with frequent battery replacement .
952	Keyboard	POS	5	very comfortable , i be still use to the traditional layout , so i be still get use to typing . i have to relearn where the key be , but otherwise , i love it !
437	Keyboard	POS	5	this item be perfect for cover my keyboard . it take a little get use to because each button that you press seem to be like push on plastic . however , i get use to it after one day , and i be glad i have it because it protect my macbook pro keyboard from dust and oil from my finger . i highly recommend use this keyboard condom . it be very safe and protective for keyboard .
674	Keyboard	POS	4	get one from a friend a day or two ago , in brand new condition , more or less . look good , type awesomely . only gripe be the short freakin cord . also can not power a xbox 360 controller through the usb hub .
291	Keyboard	POS	4	great product ! it be a minor adjustment get use to key , as they seem to ` stick ' at first . -lrb- though the skin be soft and smooth , not tacky . -rrb- in particular , the space bar be a issue for i , need too apply more pressure for it to work . less of a problem , now that my finger have adjust . also , i love that the keyboard be protect from the usual dust\/dirt , require less cleaning , and less worry about spill ! the color be fun , too . i 'll probably order the blue and the black , too !
967	Keyboard	POS	5	this be the greatest keyboard ever . glow in the dark key would make it even better
1	Keyboard	POS	4	this shipping be quick and the packing be legit . it fit ok but one of the clip do not work but only on the bottom of the cover . they key board cover be awesome and the top cover of the computer fit just fine . overall satisfied with my purchase .
94	Keyboard	POS	5	this fit beautifully on my keyboard and be very comfortable . the color fade from purple to pink very quickly , which be disappointing , but the overall quality remain high .
984	Keyboard	POS	5	this be great for work . keyboard and mouse be a snap to install . work like a charm in a couple of minute . all hot-keys work well for the web . i can get rid of my `` wire '' remote control for my speaker . this be a great buy for anyone consider it . worth every penny and good quality . easy to use !!
809	Keyboard	POS	5	i want one of these keyboard ever since the first wave be release . i be really happy that i wait until now to buy this new keyboard . one of the thing i be worry about be the key noise which be rather loud in the previous version of the keyboard -lrb- i try a wire wave before -rrb- but i gotta admit they work that out really nicely ` cuz this keyboard be really quite . the keyboard be really comfortable and not just because of it be wave design , but the key 's size and the cushion palm rest be soft enough for you to want to spend the rest of the day on it yet stiff enough to give you hand a nice grip . i really like the multimedia key on the keyboard , i actually use most of they specially the 3 function from f4-f6 that be open for you to place whatever you want . -lrb- one other thing i change be the `` launch program '' key to launch flip 3d instead of logitech 's application switcher , just put this on the `` program '' text field : '' % windir % \ system32 \ rundll32 . exe dwmapus . dll # 105 '' without the quote . there be two thing that i have to get use to : this keyboard split the f key into 4 group of 3 instead of 3 group of 4 . so i would automatically move my finger to the last key on the first group which would normally be f4 and find myself hit the f3 key . something else that i have to get use to be the disposition of the `` delete\/home\/end \/ page up and down '' key group , but that be just something personal , i like the old form factor where all key be the same size and you get 2 row + 3 column . something i really do not like about the keyboard be the fact that it have no on-keyboard indicator of any lock -lrb- not that i be miss the scroll lock one -rrb- and even though you get the on-screen indicator when you press the button , you have no way for know right way which state they be in , even worse be the fact that you get no on-screen indicator when in the window log-in screen , therefore know when you be typing number be a trial and error process , really uncomfortable for password with number . another thing i do not like but i think with time i might use to ... be the placement of the context menu key , seem too far way , perhaps if it work with only one key press i would not mind the distance . i also love the fact that it come with a unifying receiver -lrb- which be a key reason for my purchase -rrb- because i own , besides a logitech anywhere mx mouse , a dell xps m1530 and these only come with 3 usb port ... so keyboard + mouse + phone charging = no free port for the usb drive . now i can use both mouse and keyboard use just one usb port . overall this be a excellent keyboard with minor detail and some thing to get use to .
168	Keyboard	POS	5	thanks again , nice job . hp - wireless usb keyboard and mouse combo keep up the great job . keep i no you email list .
845	Keyboard	POS	5	my hp touchsmart wireless mouse keep breaking , so i replace it with the wireless logitech keyboard and mouse after do some research . the logitech keyboard be really easy to use and seem sturdy . the mouse be obviously durable since i have already drop it twice on my hardwood floor , and it do not break .
712	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard work great . far easier to type than the ipad keyboard . i do find the repeat time very quick , so type fast people .
970	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard be the best i have work with in a long time and its what i suggest to all my family and client especially if they be always on the computer . its style be very good and its funtionality be great , i have be usee this keyboard for more than 6 month and even though i have put in 72 hour straite behind the system in one go it keep my hand from get tired as they usually do when do extra long time at the computer . all in all its a good product and one that should be consider seriously .
238	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a absolutely excellent product , and you just can not beat the price . in we conference room , the computer be back in a corner near the lcd projector . unfortunately , that be nowhere near the conference table where people sit . previously , we have to jockey thing around and avoid trip over cable to make thing work .  now , you can sit anywhere in the room and control the pc . you can even pass the keyboard and mouse around . goodbye cable ! and it be completely plug-and-play . pop the include battery into the keyboard and mouse , plug the rf receiver into the keyboard and mouse port on the pc , turn on the computer , and you be up and run ! the hardest part be open the seal plastic packaging .  one other reviewer mention a inability to use the keyboard and mouse simultaneously because of channel conflict . you can -- and should -- have the two run on different channel . it even say so in the documentation . unfortunately , the default setting put both on the same channel , so you might have a problem unless you read the documentation first .  my only complaint with the product -- the only thing that keep i from give it five star -- be the size of the mouse . it be a little wide and hard for people with small hand to use . but that be nitpicking .  i be order one for home tonight !
251	Keyboard	POS	4	okay , i order the cover for my macbook last february 25 , and it be set to arrive around march 3 to 8 . i be so pleasantly surprise yesterday when the order come in so early ! i love how it feel , it fit perfectly , and the look be just great ! the only reason i give it 4.5 star instead of 5 , be because it be a bit yellowish , and i be hope it come a little more lemme think . . clean and transparent ? nonetheless , i love it !! if you love orange like i do , you have to get this now ! : -rrb- topcase just get itself a new loyal and happy customer -- i : '' -rrb-
950	Keyboard	POS	5	as a software developer for more year then i care to remember i purchase this illuminated keyboard because i sometimes have to provide software support during the night and i hate to turn on a lot of light . this keyboard seem to be of excellent quality , i like the position of the multi-media key on the left and right side of the keyboard . the back lighting be very easy on my eye and make use this keyboard in low light condition very pleasant . i be use this keyboard on a desktop computer with windows vista and there have be no issue with the operating system and this keyboard . i would strongly recommend this keyboard to anyone with a interest in a illuminate keyboard .
964	Keyboard	POS	4	try with debian : no software need , most fn key recognize by gnome without problem -lrb- music\/media player key be map to tool -rrb- . the back and forward key be quite useful for browse . the keyboard feel a little smaller than regular keyboard , but feel quite comfortable typing . i use vim quite often recently and the smaller keyboard make it easy to reach the esc key . the only complain i have for this combo be the mouse . i know it be a simple mouse -lrb- without fast scroll and extra button -rrb- , but i do not expect to feel friction when scroll the wheel and even hear noise . it also do not support left\/right scroll .
53	Keyboard	POS	4	recently my wife want to go cordless on she desktop . i pass on my logitech mx3200 keyboard and mx600 mouse combo , i have use this combo for a few year and be quite happy with it . so far the new mk700-m705 combo have be great . mk700 keyboard be quieter than my previous mx3200 and i like the look and touch of the key . i be a 2 finger peck typer so anything a real typist would find useful i can not comment on . there be a few feature on the mx3200 that the mk700 lack but for my use it be very adequate . the quick scrool feature on the m705 mouse i find very nice and overall i like the mouse also . the one point of the m705 mouse that i find lack be that the side forward and back button be not stick out as far as i would like and i have to search a little to find they where the same button on the mx600 be easier to locate . overall i be happy with the combo . also the looooong rate battery life be a plus if it prove to be true .
727	Keyboard	POS	5	awesome distance ... mouse or keyboard do not lag . works from over 30 foot away ! flawless ! look expensive , but very cheap for awesome quality that you can not find any where else ! must buy .
311	Keyboard	POS	5	plug in usb midi cable to my windows 7 laptop . windows install driver and i get it work with reaper and the midi on my alesis sr16 drum machine . the cable have light that blink for midi note in and out .
691	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be just as advertise . works perfect after install and be just as good as oem keyboard , i can not tell any difference . keystroke feel be even perfect . fast shipping !
557	Keyboard	POS	5	i order this macbook case on a saturday , and it be in my mailbox on monday !!! the case fit perfect on my macbook 13 '' !!! very impressed !! thanks again , no reservation for do business in the future : -rrb-
247	Keyboard	POS	5	integrate flawlessly with my verizon fios hd dvr , samsung dlp , and pioneer surround sound system . i do not even need the extra ir blaster . video on most web site , include nfl.com , work great . youtube , amazon prime , and netflix work great as well . replace 3 remote . keyboard be big but grow on you quickly . it be android with chrome internet browser for you tv , can not wait for honeycomb and the android market . if the new update go smoothly , i might buy the camera and another setup for the inlaw that be in another state for the video conferencing .
480	Keyboard	POS	5	pro well make good range and battery life syncs with studio one 19 and xps one without dongle nice volume rotary control con none fyi this do not use bluetooth - it use the include ir transmitter
118	Keyboard	POS	5	where my desk be situate it be very dark where my keyboard be located . i try those battery light to light above my keyboard but it do not work . i buy this keyboard , all problem solve . i can always see the key plus it look great ! love change the color to suit my mood : -rrb-
447	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this keyboard 2 month back . until then i be use a normal keyboard . i use to be in great pain at the end of the day because of the strain in my finger and fore arm . i have a bad habit of rest my hand on the desk while typing . now that i have be use it for sometime , i do not feel the pain anymore . this keyboard also solve the problem of rest hand on the desk while typing . i think partly because of the keyboard layout , not all key can be reach when hand be at rest while typing . other adv . 1 . the layout of the keyboard encourage better keyboard finger -lrb- typing -rrb- . which i think be one of the strong point of this product . 2 . the multimedia feature of the keyboard be handy . disadvantage . 1 . f lock key -- key that toggle function key between function key and one touch special function . its frustrating sometimes if you be a programmer . 2 . the home-end-delete key layout take time to get use to . i miss the insert key . i strongly feel the insert key need to be back in its position . 3 . for i -lrb- may not be for everyone -rrb- the keyboard key need a little extra force to type than i be use to . i generally use and love hp keyboard for that reason . the hp keyboard key be very soft and make the least amount of noise . 4 . again for i , i like the enter key to be the reflect l-shaped key as it use to be on the old keyboard . although i be use to the smaller size of the enter key , i still like that one . 5 . the character on the key be print , i wish microsoft would have do a better job by molding the character into the key . inspite of all these , i like the keyboard very much because of the absence of pain in my finger .
116	Keyboard	POS	5	fit the macbook easily . a little hard to put on at first , but after it be on , it be very good . still fit in the sleeve i buy for my macbook . -lrb- i be worry it would make the laptop too big . -rrb-
254	Keyboard	POS	5	what a great keyboard . it last much longer than i think it would before have to recharge . this be because it really only light up when it need to .
22	Keyboard	POS	4	give this product be about $ 25 it do a good job . i have notice that if you be typing quickly it can lag a bit but other than that the product work well . its also really convenient that the keyboard and mouse go to sleep with out have to turn they off to save battery life . i be terrible about turn off wireless accessory , so this feature have prove to be quite convenient .
928	Keyboard	POS	5	the idea of this keyboard work great in my home computer room . lighting be a minor problem , but with the light key , it be not a problem . the only thin i do not like be the key not be on all the time when in use , but the sensor relight the key as fast as you hand go over the keyboard . what i have do be hook up the usb cable to my monitor -lrb- which have usb connection -rrb- and it remain light as long as the monitor be on . i really like this keyboard and do from the first time i see it . just wish the key be a bit bigger for my fat finger . : - -rrb-
540	Keyboard	POS	5	the white\/clear be perfect . look clean on my mac and i do not have to worry -lrb- as much -rrb- about spilling my drink on my computer . highly recommend !
303	Keyboard	POS	5	i have a multimedia pc hook up to my lcd tv . all i want this for be to let i play my dvd 's and other media quickly without have it get in my way . it do this perfectly . i just buy a second one due to a power supply problem that take out most of my pc include the usb attachment for the keyboard , but it have function without fail for over 18 month , in fact ; the keyboard still work with the new usb receiver so i guess i have a backup now . i do agree that if you be go to use this as a actual keyboard , be prepare for miss letter and other keystroke from time to time . but i do mean time to time , i sit about 8 foot from my setup and use this to rename file , search online , do email , and it be rare that i have miss letter , and i have multiple other wireless device such as 802.11 g , wireless headphone , wii , xbox 360 , remote control all within that 8 foot of each other . but if you just want something for a multimedia setup , this be the all in one to get . by the way , great battery life , i think i change out maybe once or at most twice a year , and i use it nearly every day .
844	Keyboard	POS	5	i need to get the mess of cord under control . i do not do my own set up , as i be computer challenge . my son usually do this for i , all i have to do be watch . in less than three minute he have no problem with it . it set it self up , and work fantastic . i have no issue with it get pick up for signal . i have to say i have buy another of these keyboard and mouse set from this company , no complaint , no problem . i have one keyboard set on the hewlett packard and one on the dell . i recommend this to anyone .
777	Keyboard	POS	5	i be look for a rf mouse\/keyboard that will go beyond the logitech 's 6 foot range and also a keyboard small enough to place on my lap . i be have a lot of trouble with my logitech 's keyboard reception , i use my bigscreen tv as a monitor and work away from my desk -lrb- sometimes i work in bed ! -rrb- .  the installation be straight foward since they be use the windows usb human interface drivers . if you have windows 98se or greater you 'll be ok .  keyboard : the keyboard be good , rf work better than logitech , it be small enough to place on you lap -lrb- if you do not like laptop keyboard this be not the right keyboard for you -rrb- . it have 15 shortcut button , but since there be no software you can not change they functionality . the button work as follow : \* next track , prev track , play\/pause , stop , volume + , volume - , mute -lrb- work with windows cd player or the default media player -rrb- \* back , foward , stop , refresh , home , search , favorite -lrb- work with ie -rrb- \* mail -lrb- workw with the default mail app -rrb- . note : you 'll need me or greater to take full advantage of the sortcut button .  mouse : the mouse be awesome ! , it work both as a optical or gyroscopic mouse . the gyroscopic functionality be the best , it take i about 5 minute to get use to it and the more i use it the better i get -lrb- it be the same learning process as use a mouse for the first time -rrb- .  -------------------------------------------------------- pro : easy to install 25 feet rf range optical and gyroscopic mouse  small keyboard good look  con : shortcut key can not be customize need win me or greater to take full advantage of the keyboard shorcuts .
95	Keyboard	POS	5	easy to set up , easy to use . plug in adapter , remove protective film from mouse & keyboard . that be it . install software to access additional function . as a touch typist , i be concern about adjust to the different keyboard style , but it have take i all of 15 seconds . sweet . love the mouse , too , although it will take some tweaking of the setting before i stop overshoot the mark . the usb adapter be so tiny that i nearly do not find it hide up in the top , leave corner of the box . have use and be happy with logitech in the past , and i can see this will be no exception .
606	Keyboard	POS	5	great buy . small and rechargable , single charge last i 3 day and countimg with moderate use . and i think it be pretty nifty for it to have a lazer pointer , i must have miss that in te description . all in all great product , even usimg it now .
57	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard cover come a lot faster then i expect . overall i really like it . the pink do not completely match the whole keyboard but that only if you wanna be really picky about it . i think that it be a must to have and a good product .
412	Keyboard	POS	4	we be look around for a wireless keyboard and mouse . when i come across this and read the review , we decide to purchase it . it be a great price to have a keyboard and mouse together in one package . have work very well !
524	Keyboard	POS	5	wow ! i be a -lrb- girl -rrb- gamer and i have be want this for quite some time now and i be thrill . the key be so smooth ! typing be a breeze with this . i love that i can control my speaker with the wheel on the right side without have to go into sound setting or the volume control on the speaker themselves . it make it much easier when it be right there in front of you . i have yet to use the macro as i have be a bit too busy play game to be honest , but i plan to fill they all soon . it will be nice to not have to type all the information now that it be a simple press of a key . my profile disk would not work , but get the dl on logitech 's web site be no problem . i have be miss out and really glad that i finally get this . it be more than worth the wait !
4	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a terrific accessory for the original ipad if you find yourself typing to any extent on the ipad screen . the best addition ? arrow key ! part of what make it so terrfic be that you can use in either portrait or landscape orientation . i have use the keyboard that allow only portrait and they be bad for email . it be a ok case , where you fold the stand element down and place the ipad screen-down into the unit . it be very secure and do not scratch the screen , it can be a little tricky to remove and i have be think about adhering a small tab of some kind to the edge of my ` pad to make it easier . i like this product so much i be buy one for my elder father .
140	Keyboard	POS	5	no complaint . i replace my wire keyboard and wire mouse with this set , and i can see no difference in reaction time , which be a good thing . i just plug in the blue tooth device into the usb port on my hp minus and both the keyboard and mouse start work immediately with no software to download . i move the keyboard all over my desk and it work from every location i have try , which would be up to about 4 foot away . both the mouse and keyboard respond immediately to my action . i do not know what else to say . it work .
510	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this keyboard i mean its cheaper than other gaming board and its really competitive , backlighting rock , i recomend this product .
949	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase the 1st trent case with wireless keyboard ; i like it but it be very fragile . after about 1 month of continual use , the latch break ; which render the case useless . the 1st generation version now sale for $ 44.00 -lrb- but i would advise against purchase it -rrb- . anyway here be what i like so far about the new trent one : -lrb- 1 -rrb- sturdy construction -lrb- 2 -rrb- ipad fit nicely -lrb- 3 -rrb- look like it cost more than it actually do -lrb- 4 -rrb- 6 position for hold the ipad -lrb- 5 -rrb- turn the ipad off in closed position -lrb- 6 -rrb- keyboard very responsive with a sturdy feel to it similar to a small laptop -lrb- unlike the trent 1 -rrb- -lrb- 7 -rrb- not as heavy as i think that it be go to be -lrb- 8 -rrb- since ipad be not attach to the actual case , you can use the tablet freely without a heavy case hang onto it -lrb- 9 -rrb- can completely remove the keyboard from base to type , need i say more ? this be a great investment ! note : the ipad simply rest in the case , it do not lock in , so if you plan to use it while you be sit on you bed or couch , be careful . also i be a little worried that the case might scratch the face of my ipad . i 'll update if my fear come true . do not miss out on this one , it be the real deal ! i be so pleased . update : i still love my case ; wish i have the new zagg , but it cost between 30-50 dollar more . no scratch , at least not yet . remember that you can always buy a screen protective sheet through amazon -lrb- 3 for about $ 4.00 -rrb- ; or if you have a dollar tree in you city , they run a buck a piece -lrb- so why pay more -rrb- . be careful when open you case , i almost tear off a key . you may want to practice opening and close the case to avoid compication when you may need you tablet most . happy shopping !
277	Keyboard	POS	4	i recently purchase a powermac g5 and want to keep the rather posh look mac keyboard from get dusty , dirty or fill with the occasional cookie crumb . the protouch xt be fairly overpriced but it do what it be suppose to . of course , dust will stick to the keyboard but it be \* suppose \* to prevent dirt and so on from get into the keyboard . it take some get use to : while the cover will suppress the usual keyboard noise -lrb- which be minimal to begin with -rrb- , you 'll have to get use to typing with a keyboard cover over you key . it seem more apparent with the numpad key . the cover do not get in the way of the usb port on the rear of the keyboard . it simply cover the top as describe . this have so far keep my keyboard dust free . i wash it on occasion with standard dishwashing soap and water .
776	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard work wonderfully with my ipad 2 and i have have little difficulty with it . yes , it be cheap and obviously not as durable as the official apple one , but you be pay a fraction of the price - what do you expect ? if you be nice to it , it will serve you a nice , long time and it will work . very , very rarely , the connection will cut in and out , result in about ten seconds where you can not use it . but it resolve itself and , like i say , it be a rare occurrence . the range on the keyboard seem to vary . sometimes i can use it across the room , other time i can not bring it more than six foot away . but it do not really matter , because i almost always use it near my ipad . other than its relatively cheap design , there be nothing bad to say about this keyboard . it be a steal at its current price of $ 17ish dollar .
545	Keyboard	POS	5	one word to say , , good keyboard , pro : nice sexy led light feel kool good night light con it be not really bright led cover the background , not the number or letter so expensive buy it , , , recommend
681	Keyboard	POS	5	some purist would not like to use a keyboard with they ipad , however this be helpful when do lot of write like i do , i like the compact design and it be convienient to safetly pop ipad and zag mate into you handbag . it be a little bit like have a mini laptop but more versatile . i have have no problem it be quite stable too .
534	Keyboard	POS	4	price : great . less than a dollar plus less than 4 dollar for shipment . package : the product be inside a cardboard envelop , and in my situation a corner be fold , but it do not cause permanent damage on the skin . - after a week of use this product the skin cover the light from the letter , as it be tell in the specification . it do not fit perfectly , but it fit very well , and the corner do not fold at all . it take i a couple of day to get use to it , but now its fine . it look well on the computer , cant complain . conclusion i be unsure about buy this product cuz the other similar skin be around 20 dollar and they do not block the light from the keyboard , but this product have great review and i will personally recommend it as well . it be worth for the long term or for wait while a non-blocking-light-cheap version come out !
75	Keyboard	POS	4	my item come in like 2 day due to how close the shipper be . the keyboard cover be a bit slow i guess i just need to get use to it . but every key piece fit perfectly on it and a problem be just that the space bar will make the cover move abit . but everything be fine . i rate this 4\/5 just because they key when typing feel slow and the space bar will make it move which be not that bad but some people might want to know .
676	Keyboard	POS	5	i just buy this keyboard , somewhat afraid it might serve my need . i have a hp ipaq 1910 , for which there be no official full size keyboard available . i just receive it and it work great . it can be configure also to other keyboard layout besides the us english layout -lrb- most of my typing be in spanish -rrb- . the only inconvenience with use a keyboard layout other than de us english be that the symbol on the other layout -lrb- e.i. spanish layout -rrb- need to use a special combination of function key to be access -lrb- because of the lack of a 5th key row -rrb- , but it doe not take long to get use to this . the hinge bump mention with the picture have be of no bother whatsoever . the size be great and the convenience be huge . now my ppc can really be use for typing .
164	Keyboard	POS	4	i love this keyboard . i work as a graphic artist with a wacom tablet on my desk . i want something compact that i could use for keyboard shortcut when draw but also big enough to use comfortably for email . this keyboard fit the bill perfectly . a lot of the other review complain about the arrow key be combine into one four way directional pad . i use arrow key a lot in my line of work and it do not seem to bother i at all . i would have give the keyboard 5 star however the gloss finish be a fingerprint magnet . i be a little ocd about that sort of thing and would have prefer a matte black finish . the keyboard come with a black sleeve that would come in handy if this be to be use as a mobile keyboard .
463	Keyboard	POS	4	works really well easy to use however if the need arise to use you computer in safe mode , use a regular corded keyboard as a wirele one will not work in safe mode .
194	Keyboard	POS	5	if you guess `` review the logitech revue , on my tv , use my logitech revue '' you be absolutely correct ! this thing be , in a word , fantastic . bear in mind , the current price be down to $ 99 . i can understand some of the bad review , for $ 300 , i could just buy another cpu , or a mini nettop pc , and use that , and have a lot more familiar option . this price , however , be more than fair . it do a good job with netflix . i like the interface on my xbox360 , but switch the composite cable back and forth between the stereo speaker to watch a movie , and my game chair to play game be just a friggin hassle . another good thing be it do not make noise while i be browse movie . the xbox make a `` boop '' sound every time you press a direction , and it get annoying . i give it five star for everything except ease of use , which get four star , because , while they make everything as user-friendly as possible , it still have a considerable learning curve . i have not try the mini-keyboard -lrb- wait for the $ 150 price to drop -rrb- but i may just stick with the full size that come with it . this be quite easy to type on . logitech really know keyboard . it be a helluva lot easier to type on than the laptop i have be use lately . overall , this be one of those thing where i can see myself six month from now , wonder how i ever live without it .
111	Keyboard	POS	5	it match really well with the pearl red cover . i purchase my laptop cover and keyboard cover from ipearl inc. . they both come package nicely . the keyboard cover come in a cardboard envelope that protect it from any crease or fold . here be a link to the laptop cover i purchase http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/gp\/product\/b001n7afsg\/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i02 very satisfied ... although it take they forever to actually mail the item out -lrb- 5 day -rrb- , once they actually ship they it only take 2 day !! awesome service .
513	Keyboard	POS	5	i have have this for over a year and i be use it to write this . it have be through many many day and day and month of noob owning .
760	Keyboard	POS	5	i like my visor before , but now with the keyboard , i can use for note in meeting , journal , and other lengthy entry . i set it up first thing in the morning and use it though-out the day . the information in useful to i in my time-keeping and i do not want to put my private -lrb- sometimes vent -rrb- thought on my desktop at work . i have find the information to be invaluable and i have never be able to do this with a pencil and paper . i would have never do it with the stylus .  it be fun to watch people watch i . this be quite a ice breaker and conversation piece .
496	Keyboard	POS	5	the mk710 keyboard and mouse be at least my 10th set of input device , and up to this point they be the best i have ever own . the soft tactile keyboard have a feel that you would only expect from very high quality equipment , the mouse be just as impressive , and both piece be beautifuly design . yet the price be a downright bargain . the keyboard be also feature packed and very comfortable to use for several hour at a time . logitech really hit a homerun with this affordable duo !
418	Keyboard	POS	5	need a mobile key board that i could roll up and use on remote site . the product work great . only downside be that it take a while to learn how to do speed typing with it .
356	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this keyboard to use with my 3rd gen macbook . i be able to use it right out of the box without any installation issue whatsoever ; although a popup notification appear at startup say that my os be unable to recognize the keyboard , i close the window and proceed to use the keyboard with no problem . most of the standard mac keyboard command be still available here , which be nice . i have not be able to make some of the keyboard 's own shortcut compatible with the mac os -lrb- such as the homepage , email , and chat function key -rrb- as well as the home , end and number lock key , but that be a trivial issue that do not get in the way of general usability . overall as a mac user , i be please with this keyboard .
428	Keyboard	POS	5	i just receive my keyboard yesterday , but be delighted by the quality and functionality of the unit already ! time will tell about its durability , but i be not see anything that would make i overly concerned . it be easy to type on , the dedicated key be great . in order to compact so much into a smaller keyboard space , a couple of key be a bit off-placed from what i be use to -lrb- i.e. the right shift button be a further reach -rrb- but that be a small sacrifice for a small keyboard . my only `` con '' and it be picky point , be that though the keyboard do slide out smoothly , it be more difficult to type on simply because it be small , plastic , and lightweight . no biggie and i may learn to like it in time , but for now i keep it in the dock . i really like the cover for the back of the unit too . i use my ipad to teach and its a great texture for hold the unit without fear of it slip easily from my hand . with a zagg protective cover on the glass i close the unit on the keyboard with confidence and be good to go . i highly recommend it -lrb- so far ! -rrb- .
921	Keyboard	POS	4	i love the color ! the entire cover sit neatly on my keyboard , after the first day or two i get use to how it feel to the touch . the cover do not keep slip off , which i really like - it fit snugly over the key and stay put . it get the job do .
968	Keyboard	POS	4	i use this with a pc plug into the tv . sit on the couch from across the room , the wireless aspect work great . here be a few thing i really like about the keyboard : the trackball be easy to use the `` mouse '' button for the trackball be well positioned and have several option . there be a handy left-click button on the edge of the keyboard just under the trackball . it be very well position for how i hold the keyboard . likewise the scroll wheel on the left edge of the keyboard be in the perfect place to use it . and there be two other left\/right mouse button on the main keyboard surface . the keyboard be a nice small size but will full size key . more equivalent to a large laptop keyboard than a desktop keyboard . i do not want a big keyboard sit by my tv and this fit just right . the only downside i have see be : there be no indicator light -lrb- numlock \/ cap lock -rrb- on the keyboard . that be a real problem when log in . i understand they probably omit the light as a battery power save feature but i really think they be necessary . really minor here : the wireless receiver dongle be larger than i would like . it be stick out of a front usb port on my pc and i would really appreciate a smaller receiver so there be less chance it could get bump and break .
548	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase 5 of these cover to protect my macbooks . i teach adult and the cool color grab they attention immediately . the combination of the cover and keyboard skin be a great way for i to protect future client from the spread of bacterium . the skin and cover come right off and can easily be disinfect . the price be very reasonable .
653	Keyboard	POS	5	if you be in need of a serviceable replacement for you mac keyboard , at a fraction of the price of a mac brand keyboard , this be the keyboard you want . it be a little noisier than the mac keyboard , but in term of user-friendliness and styling you will not do better in term of function or price . the media key at the top of the keyboard be handy too . the only superfluous key seem to be the power on key at the top right , which will not actually power on my imac . i still have to hit the power on button on the back of the imac unit itself . other than that , i find this keyboard a great , neatly-priced replacement for my old mac keyboard , which start to lose key function , key by key .
515	Keyboard	POS	5	works as advertised and be easy to set up and install . ergonomic design be great especially for people like i with arthritis issue .
707	Keyboard	POS	4	good product ! - the keypad feel good - soft and rubbery . - soften key click slightly , but more than that it change the sound . i like the new sound more . - i be sure it protect the keyboard well . nothing 's happen to it yet since i get the product today , but from other review it protect from spill , dust , dirt , etc. . but a couple of problem : - can not see the letter on the key with the backlight - normally it shine through the clear letter on the key but it do not anymore . this be probably the biggest problem with it -lrb- and clearly not a huge deal -rrb- - it be be less than a day of use it and a tiny hole have appear . i do not know if it be there when it ship or if my brother tear it , or if it be a problem with the product itself , but it be there -lrb- although it be really really small . -rrb- - came in the mail so it be a little bent , and not quite a perfect fit on the arrow key or the edge . - dust stick to it since it be a little sticky . i have not wash it yet but hopefully it 'll be easy to wash . over all , it look , feel , and sound great , but it do not work as well as i hope . but since it be on sale when i buy it - go down from 20 dollar to 2.48 - it be definitely worth the price . i would buy it for up to 5 dollar - buy it for any more would be a waste .
185	Keyboard	POS	5	awesome product . have it for about 4 or so now and work fanatastic . no issue and no negative either . they hv provide two usb connection so u can hv the connection point visible or almost invisible ... great idea !
585	Keyboard	POS	5	i share a home office with my husband ; unfortunately , my rapid typing drive he crazy when we be in there together . this keyboard be so quiet , he do not even realize that i have im have he until he receive it . the feel of the key be nice , although the control key be slightly awkward and the zoom slider be a little incongruous - i agree that it would have be better utilise as a scroll bar .
908	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be great . it install instantly and be work flawlessly ... for a reasonable price . the curvature of the keyboard be a nice touch as i do a lot of typing .
9	Keyboard	POS	5	gaming on the big screen !!! this product be the future of gaming and access to the internet right on you tv !! just awesome ! i be sure amazon will have trouble keep these in stock . buy it ... you will love it .
252	Keyboard	POS	5	works as it say . easy set up . use it on a dell streak without problem . would purchase this product again .
207	Keyboard	POS	5	this product arrive one week earlier than project . the simplicity , quality and size permit adequate articulation . easy to set up . the keyboard provide good protection for the screen . as in other case it would be most helpful to provide small storage pocket for the mini usb cable and stylus , but overall a good product .
218	Keyboard	POS	5	you have to be pretty jaded , or more likely a envious fan bous , to give this thing 1 or 2 star . grant , it have a bit of a learning curve , and after only a day , there be some thing that i would like do better , include netflix in search result for example , but overall this thing be very nice . i actually set out to buy a universal remote , but get the revue instead because it be only $ 100 more . this be the most pleased i have be with a purchase in a while . it take a while to get use to the idea of use a keyboard as a remote , and a little longer to master the track pad , but once you do , it be amazing . do not like use the keyboard ? use you phone . it be freak amazing . buy it or you 'll hate yourself . : -rrb-
288	Keyboard	POS	4	i get this rf to usb keyboard in the hope that it would eliminate some of the cord tangle at the operating bench in my ham shack . it work just great . i wish the receiver end that stick in the usb port be a little bigger tho . i have little doubt that i will eventually lose it in the chaos on my desk . the keyboard work the first time i try it . there be no direction with the unit i receive , but it be not rocket science to get it up and run . test it on computer with xp pro , vista and windows 7 o\/ss and in a high rf environment . no problem note . definitely a good thing for ham or other folk who work at they com ; puter station .
350	Keyboard	POS	4	it come with a extra charge cable ! but the dock itself work great -- sturdy yet lightweight ; easy to use . great addition to the galaxy tab . recommend .
934	Keyboard	POS	4	i need to hook up a older ps\/2 keyboard to a usb port on the laptop docking station at work . this cable be not the cheapest but have good review , so i bite the bullet and go for it . the keyboard i be use be a dell sk-8110 . in the top right hand corner of the keyboard there be 3 light label num lock , caps lock and scroll lock . at seemingly random interval and for no apparently obvious reason , all 3 light blink and my keystroke at that instant be not echo to the screen . it be kind of annoying , so just be aware that this cable do work , but may experience the same behavior as i be get . buyer beware . hope that help . happy computing !
527	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a great product for my 13 inch macbook pro . it fit well and keep the dirt out . but , it be a little more difficult to type with this on the key and take a while to get use to . otherwise , i would highly recomment this product
741	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use microsoft mouse and keyboard for a long time because of convenience\/price consideration , so it be a pleasure to return to a mac-styled keyboard\/mouse combo from macally . it just feel right and work smoothly with my old workhorse power ppc dual . be use mac since 1986 so i know the diff .
391	Keyboard	POS	5	green be one of my favorite color . just like anything else you can personalize it the way u like . it make my mac book pro stand out from the rest . i absolutely love it .
341	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this product to protect my new macbook pro 's keyboard . i absolutely love this product . the skin be definitely not aqua . it be more turquoise . the letter on the skin do not match the keyboard letter either . it fit really well and do it be job of keep the key and keypad clean . i would definitely recommend buy this product for you computer .
404	Keyboard	POS	5	love the curb too , the bevel around the keyboard be a minor touch but be perfect for grab the keyboard without press a key . great quality .
368	Keyboard	POS	5	this product be great for 1.00 u cant go wrong only thing tha i dont like about it be the feel feel like silky . .
649	Keyboard	POS	5	simplicity . comfort . value . very good keyboard . oh . . and most importantly - non alphabet key -lrb- arrow key , insert\/delete\/home \/ end\/pageup\/pagedown -rrb- be in `` proper '' 1980 's era `` ibm '' position . less than $ 20 . no battery to run out . no bluetooth to pair . no wireless dongle . excellent value .
249	Keyboard	POS	5	i be just browse around to see what keyboard be available and i be surprise to see the trusty microsoft natural keyboard elite still on the market . i have be use this keyboard every day for the past eight year and it have not fail i yet . what be especially great about this keyboard be its easy cleaning . after remove the 10-15 screw from the back of the keyboard , the key pop out in three section : left hand , right hand , and number pad . i scrub these with soapy water and a brush and rinse all debris away under the powerful spigot in my bathtub . i let the key section dry for a few hour and reassemble the keyboard . i have be do this every few month for eight year and i have yet to strip any screw or break anything . the last time i clean it , i use a little bit of rub alcohol to remove some of the palm oils which be embed into the plastic palm rest . this keyboard look as good as it do in 2002 , and none of the key have begin to show any wear either ! i have to agree with other reviewer that the arrow key layout be not the best . i remember use the prior model of the microsoft natural keyboard about ten year ago , which have a better design with full-sized arrow key . i be consider order another one of these just to keep it in the closet in case the one i be use to type this review break , although i suspect that this one should last i 10-20 year give its current condition .
490	Keyboard	POS	5	this key board cover be great . fit perfectly and look great . really love the color ! the pink be so bright ! i receive this very promptly and 2 day before i expect it !
589	Keyboard	POS	4	its good to have around and it do need more power -lrb- cpu and memory -rrb- to surf with family or netflix it great . the app make it easy . now i just need camera .
139	Keyboard	POS	5	title say it all . the key on the keyboard feel extremely good . they give off a satisfy `` click '' -lrb- perhaps that be not the best word to describe the sound -rrb- when they be push . some people might not like the noise . but i do . the mouse be also pretty good . i prefer my mouse to be `` thicker '' though .
505	Keyboard	POS	5	i have not use mine in year , but i can tell you that i seriously abuse mine and it take a beating and keep on work . it now sit in a storage unit 1400 mile away from i . consider the wireless adesso .
998	Keyboard	POS	5	let i start off by describe what the happy hacking keyboard -lrb- hhk from now on -rrb- be : the hhk be a small keyboard by any standard , the layout be reminiscent of sun 's system 5 keyboard , where the control key be located where the cap lock usually be . the small form factor be achieve by place the esc key be just to the left of the `` 1 '' key -lrb- as oppose to be to left of the f1 key , sometimes with a gap in between -rrb- and the back space be just over the enter key -lrb- as oppose to be next to the '' = '' key -rrb- also the arrowkey , pg up\/down , insert and delete key , prt sc , scroll lock and break key be access via the fn key and one of the letter key on the right side of the keyboard -lrb- i , o , p , k. l , etc. . . -rrb- . most of the feature of the hhk can be alter via the dip switch on the back , where you can decide if the delete key will really be a delete -lrb- and delete forward -rrb- or a typical backspace . if you can not take the control key be where it be , or if you use the cap lock function regularly you can also change that with the dip switch . there be many other option you can change , and i would advise anyone who feel reluctant with the hhk 's layout to do a quick google search prior to the purchase and check all the possible combination of those switch . it have a usb connection -lrb- female on the keyboard , so it be detachable -rrb- and two usb port to plug in peripheral . i own ten of keyboard with vary degree of collectability and , to be honest , usability . about a year ago i purchase a hhk lite -lrb- similar to the pro 2 when it come to layout , although my version have dedicate arrow key -rrb- and i it feel like home in term of key placement , i be unix\/linux user for the most part and have the control key `` right there '' and the esc key just a inch away from my pinky be simply perfect -lrb- if you be a vim\/emacs user you 'll certainly appreciate that -rrb- . the lite version however be somewhat sub-par in term of quality , the pro 2 be simply in another league and i 'll talk about that later in the review . it never stop i from swap keyboard every time i have the chance , but i always come back to the hhk lite . so what can you expect from you first few typing session with a hhk ? as soon as you lay you hand on the keyboard and start typing the first oddity be the backspace key , it be simply not where you would expect and it take some time to get use to it be just over the enter key . curiously i adjusted very quickly to have the control key just to the left of my pinky . the lack of cursor key be not a big problem for i , although you milage may of course vary , so do take that into account . the only think i can vouch for regard the arrow key be that press fn and then the letter for the correct arrow become second nature and to be honest the position of the fn key guarantee that the `` chord '' do not feel awkward . of all the keyboard i own the keycap on the pro 2 be simply the best i have ever experience , it be hard to explain how they have just the right amount of `` grain '' to make you feel you finger be hold on to something , but at the same time it do not hold they back at all , the plastic feel solid and like something very likely to survive a nuclear holocaust and subsequent fallout , curiously if you pick up the keyboard if feel fairly light though solid in construction . the electronics be as good as they get these day -lrb- though some might argue that dip switch be terribly old fashion and that with this price tag be certainly could have some internal memory to store setting -rrb- , the hhk use topre switch , the mechanism use a spring shape like a cone , accord to the maker of the keyboard it allow a better feel and a longer lifespan . btw , just because it be a mechanical keyboard do not mean it be a `` clicky '' keyboard , it be not , it be not much noisier than you stock keyboard , though if i have to describe the sound it be a bit lower -lrb- frequency wise -rrb- than one would expect , and it sound `` compress '' . this be obviously a very personal opinion , but i like it . as a quick reference , the lite version be not mechanical , the electronics be not nearly as good and the plastic on the keycap be not any better than whatever keyboard come with you desktop computer , for the price the lite be not all it be crack up to be and unless you be hook on the hhk 's layout there be certainly better option out there for about the same buck . i can not really rave enough about the hhk pro 2 , it be a wonderful keyboard load with feature and it ooze this feel of be a boutique keyboard . ... but man , that be a steep price tag !
989	Keyboard	POS	4	my old 4000 give out when it take a caffeine swim in 8 oz of diet dr. pepper . even after it dry out , weird key combination be trigger by single keystroke . i know it be time to retire the now-ruined user input device when i be compose a email to a customer , and end with -rrb- -lrb- -lrb- -rrb- -rrb- 0 ; ok -lrb- then the hot key combination for `` send '' be trigger . -rrb- i rather like the 4000 , but when i go to purchase another , i be worry about some of the review it be be get -lrb- especially regard the loud key and horrendous space bar -rrb- . i be think `` the space bar be now louder ?? '' because i do not think it be possible to have a space bar that can be louder than the one on my recently-soaked 4000 . i be consider purchase ear plug with my new 4000 . fear not , potential consumer ! i receive my brand new 4000 today and it be so much better . i think the one i have before be actually from the run about which people be complain ! the space bar on this new one be so much quieter . it be still a bit louder than the rest of the key , but nothing that be go to bother anyone in the office next to yours -lrb- or down the hall , like my busted 4000 -rrb- . i do not know if they have fix the issue with the key label rub off because i be a touch typist so get this keyboard . long may it live -lrb- as long as the diet dp stay far away -rrb- .
18	Keyboard	POS	4	pro 's : works well . long battery life . very convenient . act like a tiny keyboard . con : no easy quickbind of key . this product be very useful . just plug and play . if you be watch movie or listen to music , the up arrow underneath the touchpad on the right raise or lower the volume .
802	Keyboard	POS	4	perfect fit my 15 '' thinkpad t530 . the width be just the same as my computer . simple and good ! i like it . it would be better if a little cheaper .
417	Keyboard	POS	4	i be use a wireless keyboard and mouse to control my pc that be connect to my tv ; this work but it be very clumsy have the keyboard on my lap and use my leg as a mouse pad do not work very well . i also have problem with the keyboard not work from about 8-10 foot away . so i buy this unit and it work great . all the keyboard function and mouse work correctly from 15 foot away and now i do not have a full size keyboard sit on my end table . it do take a few minute to get use to the mouse pad and it be more like a texting than typing on a keyboard . the battery charge from the pc usb port and it have a laser pointer and a backlight for use in a dark room . pro : work great ; look cool ; have all the function of a keyboard and mouse ; long range ; easy hook-up . con : documentation be bad .
144	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard be very nice and work well . we be able to get about 38 foot from dongle before we lose signal . design be nice . key be large enough for a compact design .
134	Keyboard	POS	4	i be concern when i order this keyboard that it be not original from toshiba , but i buy it anyway because of the price . it fit perfectly , be easy to install and work perfectly . the only difference between the original one and this one -lrb- other than the `` l '' key quit on the old one -rrb- be that all the key on the new one be glossy . it really do not bother i , just want to let you know , just in case you care . great product , well package , and easy to install . -lrb- i find installation instruction on the net -rrb- . enjoy a keyboard with a `` l '' key finally .
771	Keyboard	POS	5	1 . just one device for everything 2 . got rid of my ipad 3 . travel with only one device now 4 . will run windows 8 too 5 . will run office 6 . will run all other free app like skype , etc. . 7 . have front face camera beat that !!
607	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard ... i have it hook up to my compaq laptop and my logitech access keyboard right now and it seem to be work reasonable well . none of the dedicated accessory key work such as volume etc. . but as i rarely use these key it be not a great loss . my motivation for purchase this device be that it be a cheap and fast band aid solution , to my dislike of laptop keyboard . grant i have every intention of buy a dedicated full size usb keyboard in the very near future . but for the moment this adaptor suit my purpose . the mouse ... my laptop mouse be logitech notebook mouse which be usb wireless ... however as i hear so many negative about the mouse adaptor as a experiment i try the mouse adaptor with a older model -lrb- roller ball not laser -rrb- compaq mouse . and it seem to work fine on that device as well . with no disrespect intend towards buyer and user of dell computers or the capability of dell computers . i have hear in the past that they can be a little temperamental with `` foreign '' device . so i would advise those user to purchase these sort of adaptor with caution .
316	Keyboard	POS	5	the deal clencher for i on this keyboard be the backlighting . the product name and price be secondary but important . i have have previous logitech product and always be please with they , but i also do a great deal of research and read many review , so i end up choose this one . the price be also best here on amazon ; especially give shipping be free . since i have not type on a full-sized keyboard in year , it take awhile to get use to ; especially since i use it on my lap in place of my lap-top ; but i have work it out . my lap-top screen break just after a year when the warranty , of course , have just expire , and i would already attach my old desk-top 17 '' flat-top monitor that have be collect dust for year , so i figure i would lighten the load and a little heat on my lap and use a external keyboard for my still fairly new souped-up custom-built lap-top that be in otherwise great condition . have get spoil to the backlit key on my lap-top , though , i could not live without it ; especially since i be a night owl . the back-lighting on this keyboard be brighter and the character be larger , so it be even easier on my older eye than before . that it be wireless make it even more endearing . it beat the heck out of have to lift my heavy lap-top on and off my lap every time i get out of my recliner , and since i be disabled and rarely leave home , and i probably would not pack it up and take it with i anywhere i go anyway anywhere , i essentially have a new desk-top that i can use from my recliner ; -rrb- i love the feel of the key , even though they be a bit stiffer and noisier than on a lap-top . i actually do not mind the stiffness , because i type so fast i make less typo , yet it be not so much pressure that my finger get overly tired . i wear earphone almost constantly , so the noise do not bother i , nor would it anyway ; and since i do not text much , it do not bother anyone else either . i love the feature where the backlighting turn off after dormant for just a second or two . you actually have to rest the palm of you hand on the bottom of the keyboard or strike a key in order for it to come back on . keep in mind that if you be not typing but keep you palm rest on the keyboard , though , the lighting will stay on and will consequently drain you battery quicker . i love that it have a on\/off switch for that reason , because even if i plan on keep it on my lap and use it to type only intermittently , i can easily turn it on and off . i would always use a mouse instead of the touchpad on my lap-top and primarily serf without need for text anyway . i have use the keyboard every day , but since i do not tend to text much , i have only have to recharge it twice in over a month , but you can also still use it while you be recharge it . i can not speak to any special function key as i do not use any of they . i love have the volume control and calculator key , though , and the placement in the right upper corner be easily accessible . i would long miss not have a numeric pad on any of my lap-top , so i be glad to have that back on this keyboard . i be extremely pleased with it , and believe i 'll be use it for year : -rrb-
835	Keyboard	POS	4	i get this for when my laptop -lrb- linux -rrb- be ` dock ' under the external monitor , so i have a external mouse and keyboard too , without use too much desktop space . as it use just 1 usb port -lrb- the nano receiver be a must -rrb- , it leave 2 other free for use . i like this fact , rather than a wire keyboard and mouse ... the look and feel be good , i like the island style keyboard , although the key be smaller than they could be -lrb- not a problem for i -rrb- , with larger space between they . mouse button and scroll wheel feel nice and work well . point to note -lrb- but not real problem for i -rrb- : - \* -rrb- the keyboard light -lrb- caps\/num ... -rrb- will not work without install the driver for this keyboard . i be not keen on have to install a driver just to get something as basic -lrb- and standard -rrb- as a keyboard to work fully - i can not do that on linux and would choose not to on windows either . \* -rrb- the battery in the mouse would not stay in if the cover plate be miss . a small design detail , but it make you wonder - they can not design a functional battery compartment ? but overall , both keyboard and mouse certainly work well under linux and for my require purpose . my linux : cento 6.2
313	Keyboard	POS	5	this be basically a wireless version of the kensington slim type -lrb- k72357us -rrb- , which be also great . if you prefer a laptop style keyboard , or be just accustomed work on a laptop and have to use a desktop for work , this make you feel right at home . i get the kensington for work and love it . my home setup require a wireless keyboard for various reason , so after a little digging i find this and i be now quite happy . if you be look for a high quality laptop `` sizer switch '' style keyboard i highly recommend either of these product . in case you do not know what `` sizer switch '' mean , the difference be you get a short crisp keystroke like on a high quality laptop , vs the mushy feeling thud of a typical desktop keyboard . this style of keyboard be also much quieter , and far thinner . i hope this help anyone look for a cool keyboard .
63	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use my logitech keyboard for the longest time but run into some software issue when i upgrade my computer -lrb- hmm , this may be due to operator error - perhaps not configure the keyboard correctly in the bio set -rrb- . i want a backup keyboard anyway . . a basic plug and play one . i like the key to have feedback ; hate use the one with the spongy , non-clicking button . this keytronic work just great . i have be use it for a year and it be hold up well , especially since i be on the computer a lot ! great keyboard and a fantastic price from amazon .
380	Keyboard	POS	5	i have use this design for 8 year . in 2011 , it just stoppp work on its own . do not know why . but , hey , 8 year be fine . i feel lucky to find it still in production . i do of course shop around at staples , etc. to see what i be miss . what be new ? - rediculously expensive and oddly shaped keyboard that be package with a mouse i do not want . you can not improve much on perfection and this m keyboard be already the perfect shape . so , i save a ton of money and buy exactly what i need - a keyboard that do not fatigue my finger . i also like it be white so i can see the key when it be dark in the room .
81	Keyboard	POS	4	once you use a color backlighted keyboard you 'll never like any other . if you like to be online in a dark room , it be the best ! the saitek eclipse keyboard be durable , survive multiple drop onto hard floor . but the key can become blur as paint wear off . also , the zippy backlit offer more color combination , more control and be prettier . the zippy be shiny , piano black with flatter , quieter , more responsive key . the zippy be more compact , which not everyone will want , but which better suit i . compare for value and feature . i have own 3 saiteks , but love the zippy more . zippy bl-741 usb v. 2.0 512 color gradation illuminated backlight keyboard be available on amazon for $ 44.99 + $ 5.99 shipping .
556	Keyboard	POS	4	this product it be just as advertise , very cheap and it do it job , just 2 con : key be opaque so you will have a considerable light reducction com from the keyboard , the feeling while typing will change , key feel harder to hit .
131	Keyboard	POS	5	have have the keyboard for a few week now . it be easy to configure and have be work well ever since .
614	Keyboard	POS	5	i recently purchase the logitech revue , and i love it . it let 's i play video from the web , have netflix , hulu and youtube connection biult-in , and let 's i stream video from my home network . i think it be a steal for $ 99 .
248	Keyboard	POS	5	this cable be very simple to use and be about $ 45.00 less than the name brand model that do exactly the same thing .
351	Keyboard	POS	5	i be really happy with this . i order it whil ein europe on business , it be there when i return home . synchs great with my blackberry playbook . love it ! it have replace my laptop for meeting .
276	Keyboard	POS	4	it be light , white plastic bake , require 2 aaa battery , the top look like a aluminum apple keyboard but it be plastic , type well , function key work although i be not sure what each one be for -lrb- there be no instruction -rrb- . insert battery turn on bluetooth on ipad then i press the black connect button on he back of the keyboard make sure bluetooth recognize the keyboard select it then synce it with a 4 digit code that pop up in a screen on the ipad then test it out . work great ! so for i it work its light weight only have it for a few day and i have not use it much . it each time i turn it on and off -lrb- to save battery -rrb- it work fine without need to sync it or anything . so for i it be a good purchase for now . i have no idea how long it will last but for now it get the job do and for $ 50 less than the authentic apple version . for now i be happy to save $ 50 i mean eventually i 'll probably get the apple one but i be happy with my purchase . i just would have like some instruction so i could use all the key instead of just trial and error ... hope this help ... i do not usually write review but this be pretty cool to have .
77	Keyboard	POS	4	i have recently be give the opportunity to work at home . by which i mean , the boss tell i that `` nobody in this office want to look at you dumb face any more '' . ` opportunity ' , ` ostracism ' . it be all semantics . anyway , if my face and i be go to work at home , i want to do it in comfort . so i set about make myself a ergonomic space to work in . if i really want to cast off the shackle of workplace injury , i have to escape from the desk . with this keyboard , i can type in any position -- sit in my chair , hold it in my lap , lie on the floor , or stretch out on the couch . especially stretch out on the couch . grant , i can not see the monitor from there , but as long as the keyboard be in my hand -- or by my foot , or under my head while i be doze -- then i be ` work ' . a awful lot of my email start out `` dear fksannnnnnn ... '' , but that be a small price to pay for eliminate repetitive motion injury and wonky back spasm . awesome product !
801	Keyboard	POS	4	overall , this item be well worth the money . i would like it if it have more clip on the top of the screen but overall it be secure and fit well . look just like the picture .
438	Keyboard	POS	4	i think this deal be too good to be true and have my doubt . after open the package and place the skin on my keyboard , i find the key be not line up quite properly in one section of the keyboard . it be not anything major ; some key have raise edge . i also have some difficulty with hit some of those key . however , after a week or so of continue use , the skin stretch and adapt to my keyboard quite nicely . it be almost as though nothing be there . give how expensive these product be if buy from apple , this product be well worth it . it be easy to use , clean , and i feel safe drinking coffee next to my laptop . i recommend this product to other friend with macbook pro and to anyone else who want to protect they mac , do not have a lot of money , and have a little patience .
201	Keyboard	POS	4	i work in a dark room at night , while my spouse sleep . occasionally i need to hit a letter , function , number or some special key like '' -lrb- '' . be the poor typist that i be , this usually require either trial and error or worse turn the light on enough for i to read the key . the older i get , the more light be require to actually see the key . my search be for a well build backlit keyboard to help prevent my need for any other light source . there be another model the microsoft sidewinder x6 that seem interesting , however on a search this model be available for pre-order and seem interesting . my need be not as a gamer , just a sometimes past bedtime typer . this keyboard come with software from microsoft and on the usb cable over the usb connector there be a piece of cardboard that say to install the software cd first . when open the box , the cd be not notice by i . however it be there . it install microsoft intellitype . which seem to do something for my pc , what i have no idea . after software install on windows xp , my old keyboard be unplugged and this new keyboard be put in . it have work out very well . the color be a solid red , and it be easy on the eye . this be a extended 102 \/ 103 key keyboard -lrb- it have some extra key -rrb- . there be a non-detachable numeric pad . there be also a non-detachable hand rest . while the hand rest be comfortable , it would have be nice to have it removable . space be a issue in the area of my keyboard , and the hand rest use about 1\/3 of the keyboard surface area . the black for most of the keyboard be glossy , the hand rest be matte and have a textured feel . all key be light , with the exception of the space bar . the space bar be not hard to find even in the dark as its a large area flank by light key . only the top of the key glow , there be no light leakage on the side of the key or on the base of the keyboard . a choice of color would have be nice . red be not bad , i would have prefer blue . some keyboard have a key to orient you hand for touch typist -lrb- usually a physical bump on the letter `` j '' if i recall correctly -rrb- . this allow you to orient yourself to the qwerty keyboard without look . unfortunately all key be the same , and you must learn by use which key be where . this keyboard be a bit louder than other keyboard . i do not much care for the noise . during long period of typing , my thumb seem to get a bit sensitive to the space bar . overall when typing longish post -lrb- like this review -rrb- my finger get more tired on this keyboard than on my very old basic dell keyboard . there be 6 key label s1-s6 along the left side . additionally there be a menu key on the lower right of the main keyboard close to the space bar . these be non-standard key . what the s key do i have no idea , the menu key seem to work like the right click button . unfortunately hit it a 2nd time do not undo the right click -lrb- it do not take down the menu -rrb- . there be also multi-media key , for play \/ pause , skip fast forward , sound up and sound down also mute . there be a key that change a light from one of 3 position , i suspect its related to the game capability of this keyboard . there be also a key to set the light intensity . there be 3 level of light plus and off , you change from one to the other by repeatedly hit the light button . a final non-standard button be the calculator button , which launch the microsoft calculator . overall it be a well make keyboard , a detachable hand rest would have be nice . my hope be over time the sensitivity to the space bar will decrease . most of the extra key be useless to i . i do really appreciate how well light this be , and how there seem to be no bleed through of light between the key . i be happy . amazon sell this at a lower price than it be list at today . today it be list at $ 59.99 , my price be $ 45.10 . for $ 45.10 this be a very good purchase in my opinion . with any luck as this device become a bit more mature the price will settle down .
940	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard be the mac daddy of keyboard to date . the eclipse ii come w\/3 different color -lrb- blue , red and purple -lrb- though in actuallity it be more pinkish then purple ... very light -rrb- -rrb- with the option of no backlight and a adjustment nob for change the light intensity . the key function well and , as a hard core gamer , i would highly recomend the saitek eclipse ii keyboard . i rate this a 4\/5 -lrb- though i would make it a 4.5 out of 5 if it be a option -rrb- only because the blue be not bright enough for my taste . if we could increase the intensity of the light another 50 % then even the small etching on the key -lrb- the symbol like \* & % $ # @ -rrb- would be more visible . it be still the best keyboard i have ever own . my three boy -lrb- 9,7 & 5 year old -rrb- also love it . it be also very easy to change you current choice of backlight color . it be well worth the price and a very cool addition to a gamer 's pc .
488	Keyboard	POS	5	amazing ! this be a really great product for those of you who have a ipad . it work really great and it be easy to install and use .
818	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard be great for the average gamer . the lighting look really nice , it really look much better than i would have think in the dark . i can dim the light too if i wish , i actually keep it dim - it look quite nice in a dark room still . the keyboard seem to be of good quality , my only complaint be the `` enter '' button near the number pad be sticky when i first get it , but after a day of usage it cease to be sticky and work like normal again . it also say it come with a cd\/software to program the key , i do not recieve any in the box but im not go to return it for that reason since i do not really plan on use that feature anyway . but it would have be nice to know that i could if i have want the keyboard actually feel really good . the key be somewhat soft but not so soft that its feel weird . you get the right amount of repsonse from the key . i can be gentle on the key when typing and i 'll have no issue . it look really good on the desk too . i must admit when its next to my gaming rig with all of its led fan and such it really make the set up complete for i . some people might not like that it be not wireless , but i do not mind at all - if you a gamer you know wire be better . no worry about intereference or any miss key stroke with this keyboard . plus i do not have to change battery ! overall , i would buy one again -lrb- and i probably will -rrb- it be look alone be enough reason for i to buy one again but the way it feel and the feel of be quality make really make this keyboard a good buy for any gamer . i will note though , that if you do some serious gaming and you need lot of programmable key and different lighting feature , this keyboard probably will not do it for you .
880	Keyboard	POS	4	this be pair to a mid-level , windows 7 htpc . i work great for 6 month as long as battery be change every 3-4 week -lrb- 3 hr daily use -rrb- but start lose connection more frequently and reduce range . originally would work at 15 foot but this reduce to 5-10 foot even with fresh battery and relink the wireless connection . buy a brand name replacement mini-keyboard but recently try this one again . it seem to be work like new after a hiatus - kinda finicky .
692	Keyboard	POS	5	this thinkg work great ! i stream tv show through my computer onto my tv . i use thing as a remote so i can do everything from my couch ! the battery last a very long time too ! it hasnt die on i yet and its be leave on for 5 day .
431	Keyboard	POS	5	if you need a functional keyboard dock for you tab you cant go wrong with this one , not only do it look sleek , the key feel much better compare to other dock and the docking station it self leave not gap make a clean fit
644	Keyboard	POS	5	great little keyboard in the style of a mac keyboard . small footprint allow the user to place the mouse in a better position . i have extreme right shoulder pain for a month before i realize it be from my work mouse be too far away from i -- it be outside a massively wide keyboard that force my arm into a uncomfortable angle to maneuver my mouse . within a week of get this little keyboard -lrb- along with the  wow pen joy vertical ergonomic optical mouse black by ergoguys  a great added plus to this keyboard be that it include a little ` delete ' key -lrb- different from a ` backspace ' key -rrb- in the top right hand corner -- something i really miss on my wireless mac keyboard at home . it be right where the ` eject ' button would be on the mac . i use it all the time , and wish that the mac have one too . this be a great keyboard and i highly recommend it . it could only be better if it be wireless ... but for the price and the benefit i have get from it , i just can not complain . i even decide not to turn in the receipt to my boss -- i buy it myself so i could take it with i if i leave ! ; - -rrb-
519	Keyboard	POS	5	a great product the only thing that would make it outstanding would be blacklight the keyboard and a caplock light
570	Keyboard	POS	4	this case be perfect for the macbook pro 13 '' laptop . i have a purple hard case on the laptop itself , so the purple keyboard case be perfect and add a really nice touch to my laptop . it fit over the key perfectly and seem like it be good quality . at first , it be a bit hard to get use to typing with it on but after a while , its a breeze . i be very happy with my purchase and definitely recommend it to anyone look for a fabulous keyboard case ! who do not like purple ?!? . . its great !
102	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be a great product ! it be a easy transition from any other ergonomic keyboard . it only take a soft touch for great production and be not loud at all ! i have already purchase another one for my pc at home -lrb- this one be for my office -rrb- ! never want to go back to my other keyboard , this be the ultimate !!
302	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase this mostly for the touch pad mouse function for the pc that be cable to my tv . i want a remote control size mouse\/keyboard to use for control the pc interface when browse movie to stream . this be perfect for what i need it do . i especially like the backlight feature since i usually have the room dark when i be use this product .
745	Keyboard	POS	5	i continue to look for a `` better '' split large keyboard and for the money , there be not anything close . as a software developer who write code , but also write detailed documentation , email , etc , as well as be a big guy with big hand , i keep think there be go to be some expensive but much better keyboard . for the $ 30 to $ 50 or so you get these for , i have yet to see something near as good . if anyone who read this know of something better , please do reply and let i know . for now , this be still the best out there , and for the price it be by far the best bang for buck .
884	Keyboard	POS	4	i purchase this cd printer three year ago and use it with battery until this year . it work okay with battery but i find the printing be not smooth or consistant . this year i purchase the electrical cord and find that it give the printer more `` gas '' and the printing be great ! i also hook it up to my computer which make it easier to use and give i more font . i give it a four star rating because the ink cassette waste a lot of ink and be costly . but all in all , this be a good product . by the way , i use tdk printable cd 's from costco and they print nicely -lrb- 100@$22.99 -rrb- . however , this printer have do a good job printing on most disc i have try .
289	Keyboard	POS	5	works great from even about 50 ft away . super sleek = fit well with my living room decor . i be pleasantly surprise with the small size and refine look . the keyboard sleeping be \* not \* a design defect - just hit enter twice and the keyboard come out of battery saving sleep mode . i be compare this to the denovo edge . i choose this over the other as edge require you to have bluetooth and my desktop do not come with this . this be just as sleek as the edge and the integrate touchpad seem much more practical . recommend without any reservation .
799	Keyboard	POS	4	i will keep this review short . . !!! set the expectation right . . !!! 1 -rrb- this be a $ 100 product so do not expect it to work like a $ 600 computer . the expectation be not align . 2 -rrb- if you try to use it as as $ 600 computer , it will slow down and crash . setup : 1 . 6 mbps internet , revue be setup to connect to wifi pro : - 1 -rrb- stream netflix , youtube , crackle , pandora , radio and many many channel . 2 -rrb- android market have ton of application to install and use . 3 -rrb- google chrome browser be inbuilt . 4 -rrb- can stream any video or movie or online channel that can be stream on you computer . -lrb- some may not work but that be expect -rrb- 5 -rrb- i can search for a free movie online streaming on chrome and click on a link to stream it on my revue and it work perfectly . 6 -rrb- dlna compatible . which mean my laptop folder -lrb- window 7 -rrb- be share with revue and i can stream any thing on the revue from my laptop without any performance degradation on the laptop . this mean , i stream a movie from my laptop on to revue and still work on the laptop . -lrb- be not it amazing ? . . -rrb- 7 -rrb- keyboard be just amazing . good range , good functionality and good integration . i can control my tv , revue and speaker with the keyboard . do not have to deal with multiple remote . con : the only thing i do not like be the update cycle . flash player be still not update due to which some app be break . i be really happy with the device . for the price i pay , i can not expect more from the device . at time , the streaming stop and you just have to start the video , big deal . i be fine do it as i do not expect it to work as $ 600 computer .
863	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a great way to keep my laptop clean and protect it . people see it all the time and be shock at how they can not even tell it be there !
160	Keyboard	POS	5	buy the wireless keyboard and mouse for use it with my macbook pro os x 10.6.8 . works well for all the basic function . note on keyboard 1 . amazon state operate only with the window pc but check with logitech confirm it should work fine with the macs as well . 2 . out of the `` fn '' key capability i could only make the power off key to work . all the other be tie to operate for window . 3 . from the additional extra feature key locate on the very top of the of the keyboard , i could make only the forward , play , reverse , volume and folder key to work . calculator key do not work . 4 . basic qwerty keyboard work fine . 5 . use the `` window key '' as the mac command key to operate you regular mac feature . it work well for my need . i have not experience any obvious issue with the mouse and it seem to work fine . as for battery life it all depend on usage but i know its not bad as i have not have to replace battery since i buy it . tip : switch off the keyboard and mouse at the end of the day or whenever you do not intend to use the device for a long period of time . this definitely conserve battery power .
885	Keyboard	POS	5	i receive this product on november 5th 2011 . it be perfect ! it take 4 day to ship for free with super saver shipping . specification : 5.9 x 2.3 x .5 inch -lrb- l x w x h -rrb- , weight : 100g or .22 pound , operational range : 10 meter -lrb- for real ! -rrb- ! pro : small , good range -rrb- 10 ft , back-lit keyboard , small usb receiver that go into keyboard , look exactly like picture -lrb- have same button -rrb- , nearly all button find on laptop keyboard , come with usb splitter ; one side charger and other side female usb -lrb- genius -rrb- , button be easy to press , fair price -lrb- cheapest on internet -rrb- , laser pointer , and great bonus sleep feature . con : none . only thing be that this be make by favus entertainment if that somehow change you decision . if i ever need another wireless keyboard , this be the one i 'll buy for sure ! thanks , pjdsmt
193	Keyboard	POS	4	i have be need a new keyboard for a while and when i find this inexpensive one that be wireless and come with a mouse i have to get it ! it work fantastically . very nice , sturdy , do not move when you type or anything . there be 2 thing i wish i have though and i would have love it more if it be a back-lit keyboard and you can not tell if the num lock key and cap lock key have no indication of whether it be on or not . the battery life be great though . i have have this for two day now and i use both keyboard and mouse frequently and they seem to be last a long time , not indication of less battery life or anything . great product . i would recommend this to anybody look for a replacement keyboard and or mouse !
234	Keyboard	POS	4	since it be a droid we know google will be upgrade and upgrade and upgrade - so maybe in a year it will be worth the full $ 300 . 1 . can not believe how easily it combine verizon , youtube , internet , netflick , pandora , hbo et al into search and give we quality feedback 2 . the keyboard be real quality and have many touch which make surf easier e.g. a key in the upper left corner for mouse click and the mouse pad on the upper right for page transportation - i be not sure lefty 's will be as happy but i will have my son check that out and let you know . 3 . can lay flat on the couch and easily surf the web on my 42 '' plasma tv . and it take up all 42 inch e.g. i like annenbergs french in action and i can click on any of the 52 lesson and it be just like be there . 4 . family picture on picasa\/google be full screen and look very good - not as smooth as my 18 '' laptop but great for the whole family to sit around the living room and laugh at how we look year ago . have some trouble boot googletv but a quick call to logiteck solve all my problem politely and professionally . except for the price i be very pleased - but i know that before i spend the $ 300 - and now that i have googletv run it would be much easier for i to make the same purchase again . you have extremely high expectation if you be disappoint with the logiteck\/googletv product . update : leave hand son be very comfortable with the keyboard . a week after my initial review i still believe this product be quality and i be use it more than my 18.5 '' laptop .
212	Keyboard	POS	4	for under 20 buck , this keyboard be a very nice upgrade to the heavily value-engineered keyboard that come with most computer . -lrb- in my case a dell quiet-key . it be actually a bit better than most stock keyboard , but still have shortcoming which i will not get into since this be a review of the microsoft product -rrb- . pro : o key have a nice `` feel '' . light touch , low travel , quiet . o although this be a ergonomic keyboard , the difference in layout and spacing be minor and easy to adjust to , yet they still offer a improvement in typing comfort . o nice spacebar , slightly deeper than standard keyboard , be easy to reach . o reasonable price for a this quality of keyboard . con : o size : the width be identical to my dell quietkey , depth be about 1 inch greater , to accomodate the extra browser-specific button which i do not use . if the extra button be generic and user programmable this item would be in the pro category . disclaimer - taste in input device be highly subjective . what work wonderfully for one person can be a nightmare for another . i like this keyboard and find it more comfortable to use than a standard layout . you mileage may vary .
202	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this for the spill-proof bit after ruin a few kb . ironically since then - a year - no spill have test it lol . but for a cheap unit it have a nice approximation of the clicky-ness of a ibm model 5 -lrb- still the best -rrb- . i have use a lot of cheap unit and the extra metal spine on this give a slightly more solid feel . i do not mind the extra key above home etc , no prob , but i must admit htign \ \ \ \ itt the backspace key accurately have be a problem . and i be not even a touch typist . other than that , well worth the buck .
976	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this case for my daughter 's computer . it look great and do the job . she do not use the keyboard cover . for what i spend it be a bargain !
115	Keyboard	POS	5	wow , this be a nice keyboard . i be enjoy it for my tv-connected pc , which i use from the sofa . pro : quiet , useful keyset , logitech unified receiver be handy and easy to setup , number pad , good build quality con : have not notice any
430	Keyboard	POS	4	despite the man make error and misinterpretation believe i know the king james version be the true bible but be suppose to be interpret by apostle prophets anointed by the holy ghost that have the foundation and knows history and law of nature and common sense . once you learn to use it work well . i think its just a matter of opinion if you like the voice or not and it do have a volume control but it be in the program . it scroll while read . it also have some other useful feature as clock , calculator . what i do not like and reason do not get 5 star be because the one word search it will only search one word at a time it will not process two or more word in a scripture then find that scripture , i have a franklin bible that would do that and the bible i have that only work with microsoft will do that but to keep from get virus i use linux on line and when i be on youtube do battle with them with false doctrine sometimes i have to look up scripture that be why i buy this , not only that this be easy to carry around . and also royal cost less than franklin , i be so sick of over price stuff .
191	Keyboard	POS	4	i receive this case\/keyboard combination just a few day ago . here be my initial thought about the product . pro : the ipad fit snuggly into the case and feel solid , as if it be one entire unit . the rotate action of the keyboard be nice and smooth although it do take two hand to get it into its functional position . it pair quickly and easily with the ipad . the combination look very sleek when open . it close very easily and smoothly . the key spacing on the keyboard be similar to a standard one which make it very easy to use right away with little `` re-training '' of my finger . it work and fit well with the smart cover . the key be quiet when hit and have a nice solid feel . con : it do add a noticeable bit of weight . when close , it loose some of the ipad 's sleekness . the ipad be not detachable when it be in the case . when closing , gravity tend to make it a little rough unless you hold onto the ipad as you close it . it be kind of like slam a door shut instead of hold on to the doorknob all the way until it be close . -lrb- i be not a door-slammer . -rrb- the ipad can not be rotate . it can only be use in landscape . there be only 1 view angle . feature i wish it have : because of the weight , i would like to be able to remove the ipad easily when i know i will not need the keyboard . the product can be make thinner and still retain its rigidity by use lightweight metal alloy instead of high-density plastic for some part . multiple view angle . with the release button , there should be a spring-like action that pop the ipad out a little bit when open and provide some resistance when closing . overall , it be a product , i feel , that be about 75 to 80 % mature . some good thought go into the product and it be nicely design . i be not 100 % sell on it yet though .
824	Keyboard	POS	5	wow , just a great keyboard to travel with . when i get the keyboard , turn on my tablet bluetooth , follow the instruction and connect in no time . great product , slim design , perfect for my need on the road !
716	Keyboard	POS	4	i can not really write a completely honest review of this keyboard because i return it as soon as i get it . i return it because i misread the description and think it be wireless . i do , however , pull it out of the box to look at it briefly and it seem very nice . it be sturdy , light , and best of all , very compact -lrb- no numeric keypad on the side -rrb- . have it be a wireless keyboard as i originally think , i would have be very satisfy with it . for someone who be look for a wire keyboard that be small in size and durable , this would be the way to go , especially for the price . also , i have no problem at all with return it to amazon . amazon rule !! thanks .
29	Keyboard	POS	5	it take quite a while to ship , but it be exactly what we need . very easy to install and replace the broken one . i be worry about do it myself , but it be easy and work perfect now .
283	Keyboard	POS	5	my wife love it !!! when i get home from the gym , i think she score a netbook somehow , but it be the ipad all along . now she and my 4yr d can not put it down .
932	Keyboard	POS	4	this be great . much smaller than a regular keyboard and work great with my computer and desk .
800	Keyboard	POS	4	buy for my sister 's birthday -- she love it . she want something to protect the original casing of she new macbook pro and this inexpensive case guard it from nik and scratch .
427	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use this keyboard for a few day now and so far it be great . i have never use a ergonomic keyboard before , which be kind of silly since i be a software developer and have write hundred of thousand of line of code on standard keyboard and be uncomfortable the entire time . this take some get use to , but the design lend it self to quick familiarity . it be well build and very quite , unlike my other click-clacker . so long sore hand ! the only complaint i have be that it do not have a female usb port for flash drive or mp3 player -lrb- this would be bettter than crawl under the desk to reach the port , i guess i 'll have to buy a usb extension -rrb- .
127	Keyboard	POS	5	i have use the grabbit case for month now . although the grabbit case be exceptional , you can not use both . once i set this keyboard case up to work with my ipad , there be no turn back . the assembly be very easy and straight forward . the bluetooth pairing for this product to the ipad be very easy . this thing work well with it be just a protective case alone . you open it up and there the keyboard ! with the case open up , it look like a mini laptop . my wife absolutely love it . she like to sit in the recliner and play on the ipad . now she do not have to hold the ipad . she sit it in she lap and do what she want without have the hold the side or back . i have two complaint . 1 . when open the case , it be so stiff , you have to hold the bottom when open the top . 2 . because the bottom bar be the same level as the space bar , i find myself hit the bottom bar instead of the space bar . even with these small issue , i still give it 5 star because it be so convenient . if you want a protective case and a wireless keyboard , this be the product to get .
275	Keyboard	POS	4	as funny as the box may look it contain a keyboard that make a keyboard-screen typist like i happy . i type use a version of true touch typing and flick my eye between the keyboard and the screen . this be because i start as a hunt and peck typist . you have to have a bright keyboard to type fast when use this method . this work !
67	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use this keyboard at work for year and like it so much that i purchase one for home use as well .
478	Keyboard	POS	5	bottom line up front : i 'll start by say i love the system and use it all the time . my laptop sit on a shelf now and i use this for everything now ... pro : - solid state drive be super fast -lrb- honestly i can boot in often less than 20 seconds and wake from sleep in less than 4 -rrb- . - limited bloatware , less than 1 gb by my calculation , and some of it be very useful like the system set up tool and even the samsung sort of app center gui overlay that you activate by press the `` home '' button . - processor and integrate intel graphic chipset be powerful enough for almost any business task , movie , music , and some game . - the wacom digitizer pen be well support and the capacitive touch screen be very good . navigate on this be a breeze for i . palm rejection be some of the best i have see - design of the system be very high grade . it feel like a very polished product and there be not anything flimsy about it , from what i can tell . -lrb- \* caveat \* i have hear tell of the screen delaminate on some folk . i would buy a screen protector to prevent this . that be what i have do and i have notice no problem . you just have to give the ` rubbery ' feel of the screen protector to fade after a couple day of use to get use to write on the screen again -rrb- - run very well on windows 8 , so it be a easy system to upgrade once that os come out . there be a reason windows choose this as a demo platform for they new os . con : - the battery life could always be improve . heavy use with video and \/ or gaming will net you only about 2.5 - 3.5 hour , and use very strict power management setting you still may only squeeze out about 5 - 6 hour of use for strictly business app . and of course there be no option for a spare battery . - the micro sd memory slot be stupid . it should be a standard sd memory slot as that be what most people use in they other device , such as digital camera . there be really little reason , i think , that there be not a standard sd memory slot here . i find this the most annoying feature - no integrate sim card support . i would love to be able to just pop in a sim card from a cell network and be able to get online . usb dongle for cellular datum be such a pain , especially in a system as form functional dependent as a slate tablet . also this bring i to ... - only one usb slot . there be another on the dock , but now that the system have no sim card support and only micro sd memory option , i be often use a usb cell modem and a usb thumbdrive . i now have to choose which one i want to plug in at any time . second most annoying feature . - camera be terrible . you 'll read other reviewer mention how awful it be , seriously , it be worse . worse than what you even think . i have a webcam in 1998 that produce better video and still picture than the camera on this system . i 'll never use the camera , so i do not really care , but just so you be aware . that be pretty much it in a nutshell . for more detail keep reading . since i receive this tablet and get it set up , it have immediately become my everyday laptop ! it be fast & powerful , i can run all the application i need on a daily basis to include m office 2010 , photoshop cs4 , ibm lotus forms , and my office citrix network app . in addition , i like to play the civilization series of game and this handle civ iv on if highest graphic setting and even civ v on its lowest setting . also , movie viewing be crisp through netflix or itunes . the build in speaker leave something to be desire , but they be as good as what be on a ipad . but , for i , this be mostly a work tablet , otherwise i would have just stick with a ipad for my entertainment . my set up include the dock and bluetooth keyboard . in addition i purchase the samsung series 7 slate cover\/stand . it should be note that the cover\/stand do not work with the dock . you 'll need to remove you computer from the cover in order to attach it to the dock . but for i , i do not really use the dock at all , and the cover\/stand be rubbery enough to get a good grip on slick surface that i just use it as the stand when i be typing use the bluetooth keyboard . the keyboard itself be not too bad . i have read some reviewer say it feel `` gummy '' . it do not feel that way to i , and the more i have use it , iv ' e find it to be very responsive allow i to type accurately . it be probably a matter of preference . of course , i have be able to use other bluetooth keyboard or usb keyboard without issue if i want to . i be a big user of onenote for take meeting note and mark up document , and it work great on this system . the digitizer pen be very good , with good pressure recognition , and pretty good palm rejection . sometimes though , i actually turn off the capacitive touch screen during meeting so that only the pen be recognize in order to prevent any accidental jump around on the display . this be easily do on the windows control panel . i have use a few other tablet for this purpose , a gigabyte t1028 , and a lenovo thinkpad convertable x220 . obviously , neither of those we slate tablet , so it might not be fair to compare they directly , but i like this samsung series 7 slate much better for my purpose . it be easily more portable and it be handwriting recognition work as well if not better than that on the lenovo , which before this i would have call the standard . for my primary purpose , this be a great system . as far as typing , like typing on any tablet , the touch screen keyboard take get use to . samsung provide a swype style keyboard as standard software that you can set as you default keyboard to replace the windows touch screen keyboard , and it work well if you get use to it . but realistically , if i be typing long paragraph , then i pull out the bluetooth keyboard - it be small enough for i to throw in my bag every day along with the slate . handwriting recognition by windows be pretty good , if you have never use it . i suggest take the time to go through the `` learn you handwriting style '' feature in the tools menu to help set it up , but it also natively learn you handwriting as you make correction , so it become a quick way to enter text after a while . honestly , i almost never use the touch screen keyboard at all , it be either the handwriting tool or the bluetooth keyboard and it work well for i . the system , because it be run a powerful i5 processor , do seem to heat up at time , but never seem to be dangerously hot . and i have easily have less powerful laptop that run hotter than this slate do . and the cooling system and fan be relatively quiet as well . i have no issue with cooling or sound . the solid state drive make this system super fast ! i have windows 8 consumer preview load on a partition of the hard drive while retain my windows 7 hp factory install partition that i use for most work function . switching between the two by log out and reboot literally only take about 20 - 30 seconds . call up document and pdf file be almost instantaneous at time . the hard drive itself -lrb- at least the 128 gb model -rrb- be pre-partitioned with a 19.8 gb system restore partition . this leave you with about 100 gb of actual space , with about 8.5 take up by windows 7 and the preloaded samsung software . for i , after load the system with photoshop , office professional , and my civilization game i have 65 gb leave . so there be lot of space , as much as the largest ipad -lrb- just something to consider -rrb- and there be a option to create you own system restore disk , so you can theoretically wipe the whole drive clean i suppose and end up with about 80 + gb of free storage space after software install . the battery life be really good for i . like i say , i use it mainly for meeting note and mark up document . use the slate in this manner , along with about 30 min - a hour of web browse give i about 5.5 hour of battery life on a full charge . i easily make it a full 8 hour day without recharge because i use the power button to put the system to sleep anytime i set it down . -lrb- the system wake up in less than 2 seconds and you can set a quick picture password use the samsung system manager software so literally i wake the system up and i be back to take note in less than 4 seconds . -rrb- like i say in the beginning , for i , this system do it all and it be about as light and portable as my kindle . the only place i could see myself miss my old thinkpad would be when i be on the plane , as i could see the set up be a little less stable in that sort of environment than a standard laptop . anywhere else however and i be happy to pull this out all the time . so for the cost of this system , if you plan to use it like i do , as pretty much a replacement for you be standard laptop , then i would say it be worth the price . i love it .
471	Keyboard	POS	5	let 's be clear here : a product that cost as little as this one be not go to have all the bell and whistle of a more expensive keyboard cover . other reviewer have be fairly negative about it not show the keyboard lighting through . however , if you primary concern be prevent food , dust , or other particulate matter down into you expensive investment , this do the job just fine . it be 3 buck people ! come on !
231	Keyboard	POS	5	great product and love use it ! i have have it for about 2 month and have not have any technical problem with it .
915	Keyboard	POS	4	this be exactly what the other review say . i read the review and be worry about the letter not match , and they do not . i like the soft skin and it do not really hinder my typing . some of the key be print crookedly , like the a will not be in the center of the key etc. . normally , this be not a problem . also , the color be dark enough that unless you turn the backlit light on high , you can not see it , but then , it be a fuzzy double image because the letter do not match . if you be okay with that , then this be a pretty great product . i love the color -lrb- it be a lighter pink , not a magenta as show -rrb- and the feel of it and it 'll definitely protect my keyboard ! : -rrb-
308	Keyboard	POS	5	i just recently purchase a new macbook and with it a apple bluetooth keyboard and apple bluetooth magic trackpad . i like to keep my nice thing look and work nice , so i order a speck hardcase for the macbook and a keyboard cover . i want a cover for my bluetooth keyboard and this come up a the first listing . i have it a try , it be only a few $ $ . it fit the bluetooth keyboard perfectly . its snug enough that it wrap around the key . you can hold you keyboard upside down and shake it and these will not fall off . it be comfortable to type , not much more resistance than it be without it . the only negative be the silicon hang off the left and right side , but it be very minimal , only about a quarter inch on each side . its not enough to be bothersome , but i think i would mention . i do not know which model this be suppose to fit , but i can verify it do not fit 13inch macbook white polycarbonate unibody -lrb- late 2009 and mid 2010 -rrb- model .
713	Keyboard	POS	5	work as expect . have great range . reasonably price . i run my laptop to a projector and can sit back on the couch and work the keyboard and mouse with no problem .
425	Keyboard	POS	5	great for gaming , love this keyboard . i have be play skyrum , battlefield 3 , wow , and swtor , work great with all these game . make macro easy
3	Keyboard	POS	5	i have have this logitech dinovo edge keyboard for 2 month now . i read the other review and this one be the only wireless keyboard that other reviewer be consistantly happy with . it be significately more expensive than other sell on amazon . but my experience so far be that it work prefectly ! the lithum ion battery and bluetooth communication be worth it . i be glad that i spend the extra money and be not disapoint . the review system work great !
936	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase this keyboard as a replacement for my microsoft natural 4000 , which die after a unfortunate incident with a ill-placed coffee cup . all i can say be , i really like the g110 i buy to replace it . the g110 introduce a lot of incremental improvement to keyboard design that make it a joy to work on . key feel : the first thing i notice be that the response from the key be just about perfect . the key have just the right mix of travel and spring to they . as a frame of reference , my first keyboard be one of the old ibm clunk-o-tron , which give i a tendency to type somewhat harder than i probably should sometimes . i have be experiment with different style of key to find something that would not leave i nurse my wrist with ice pack at the end of a busy day . laptop-styled , low-profile keyboard generally do not have enough travel for comfort . the microsoft natural 4000 i have be use be acceptable , but the key feel a little squishier than i would have like . key position : the ctrl and alt key be big enough that you will not find yourself accidentally hit anything you do not intend to , which be a frequent annoyance for i on other keyboard . function key : it take a little while to get a sense for what i could use the function key for , but after a little while i find set they up to handle shortcut in my ide that i use regularly i find myself surprise at how happy i be to save my finger from the need to awkwardly position themselves across three key at once . the only issue i have have with they so far be that i find myself hit g1 instead of esc for the first week i have the keyboard . back light : the key glow . the back light be not terribly bright , but in the dark there be enough light to get you hand position again if you find the need to stroke you chin thoughtfully at any point . volume rocker : this be a neat feature , and be much more comfortable to use than traditional volume adjustment button on other keyboard i have use .
793	Keyboard	POS	5	we use this for we linux base dvr system we build and absolutely love it . we have be fight with a normal size keyboard and mouse for year that the range on it be terrible . sometimes we would have to be right up to the area where the emitter be for it to work . this thing be nothing like that . it have a great range , great battery life , great feature . you can turn it off when not in use . the touch pad be small but definitely get the job do . it be a perfect size for sit on you desk or end table to easily control a computer from afar . nice and easy to type on too . pro : - perfect small size - great range - on\/off switch - rechargable - long battery life - works with linux - include specialty and function key - backlight ! con : - none so far !
870	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard and mouse combo be definitely worth the expense , though many would consider $ 70 inexpensive for a wireless keyboard and mouse of this quality . the only issue that i have have , and this be a small issue , be that the mouse be a little smaller than i would have prefer , otherwise this be a great investment .
697	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use the microsoft natural keyboard for a number of year . i really think this be the best one yet . it be very comfortable and the key have a great feel to they .
245	Keyboard	POS	5	i take i a while decide for the right keyboard , i be think on get saitek but for a little more money you can get this tk esports , the actual keyboard be great , nice finish , lot of feature , the fan be just to light cool you hand , since you will barely notice it think . red key and red backlight be just beautiful .
719	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a standard dell keyboard . as such it be very high quality , it be great to find one at this price .
740	Keyboard	POS	5	this be the best wireless keyboard ever . i love that it be wireless but be rechargeable and fully function if connect via usb -lrb- unlike traditional battery -rrb- . it be attractive and i love the logitech unifying receiver -lrb- i also have the the performance revolution mx mouse -rrb- . the backlighting be great and the way it sens you finger before you start typing be very cool -lrb- you can turn this off -rrb- . i feel like it save a lot of power by sense motion for the backlighting and i leave it on always . it be also very easy to turn it on\/off the light or adjust the brightness from the keyboard . get it .
623	Keyboard	POS	4	i be connect the revue through a hddvr to my hdtv , and control everything with the include keyboard . i also have the logitech hc web cam connect , which be nice for family video call . separately , i have a blueray player drive my surround sound , and connect into a separate hdmus input source on the tv . the revue be connect via wifi into my home network and the internet . the out of box experience be good , the setup be straightforward . during the setup , i do have configuration question , and the logitech technical support -lrb- base in toronto -rrb- be knowleable and efficient -lrb- and quick to answer , even sunday afternoon -rrb- . the keyboard be a great controller for both the tv , the dvr , and the revue , although the fit and finish of the keyboard could be a slightly improve . it work great , but i be not a fan of white-bottomed keyboard on my living room table . my only issue with the functionality of this living room keyboard be that it be not configure to support my additional device , specifically my blue ray player 's function , so i be still use a 2nd remote for my movie . this be a step backward from my harmony 890 , but there be no way the harmony 890 would suffice to drive the revue\/google tv function without a keyboard in parallel ... the keyboard be a must have input device for control the google tv . all function work great , and surprisingly quick for a wifi connection . this be a great gift for the grandparent ... they can have video call with the grandkid , shop on line , watch tv , download movie from multiple source , and listen to internet radio through they living room tv ...
720	Keyboard	POS	4	i be use the keyboard for a computer i have hook up to my live room television , when i be sit on my couch . need to get a usb extension cord to make sure the keyboard could see the receiver , but after that it be work pretty well . miss letter sometimes when i get in a fast typing groove , but overall , it work great for its purpose , be a convenient keyboard and mouse pad together that i can use across the room . a standard keyboard and mouse be definitely better , mean more precise , and less miss , if you situation would allow for it .
114	Keyboard	POS	5	este teclado logitech lo recomiendo , e excelente tiene gran alcance , teclas configurables al igual que el mouse , son liviano . el mouse se puede llevar a toda parte gracia a que tiene un compartimiento para el receptor usb -lrb- donde van las pilas -rrb- .
794	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a great keyboard . i get this to use with my ipad 2 . in no time do i have connect to my ipad and be typing away . i like the design and be easy to type on . i would suggest this keyboard to anyone who want a real keyboard for the they ipad\/tablet computer . it also come with the two need aaa battery .
151	Keyboard	POS	5	when i really like a product , i be always curious about the negative review . with this keyboard , it appear that these concern personal preference that no single keyboard can fulfill for all user . i guess that some day there may be a keyboard that can be modify by the user to any sublayout , key size , and the like . this keyboard can not do that , but it be about as perfect for i as they come . the keyboard layout be standard and straightforward : no touchpad , special key , etc. -lrb- well , there be those speaker key above the numeric keypad . . i do not use they , but they also do not make the keyboard larger -rrb- . i like that because it keep the size to a minimum without diminish the usefulness -- for i . it be not particularly important to i that it be really thin , but i really like that look . now the important stuff . the key feel good to i , and i think that as long as key have good tactile feedback , you will get use to whatever keyboard you use and come to like that feel . you brain adapt , which mean that if you use another keyboard with a different feel , you will not favor that at first either . someone do note that the f and j key be not as easy to feel as on some keyboard , but you get use to that as well . i be attract to this keyboard because i sometimes like to work in a room with muted illumination . i would find that sometimes i would need to punch a key that i do not use much -lrb- say , a f-function key -rrb- and would struggle to find it . that be not a problem now . i start use wireless keyboard 2 keyboard ago , and will never go back to cable . i love not have another cable on my desktop . plus , i can type with the keyboard in another position if i have to -lrb- troubleshoot the computer , etc. -rrb- . the tradeoff have always be the battery , but the rechargeable nature of this keyboard be wonderful . i charge they first when i get the keyboard about a month ago , and it be still on full . and , if the battery need recharge , i just plug in the usb cable for a hour or so , and can still use the keyboard . i have to admit that i really like logitech product , have be use they since the first 3-button -lrb- ! -rrb- mouse in the early 1980 's . i have never use a logitech product i do not like . maybe i be bias .
222	Keyboard	POS	4	watch the height if use on a computer desk with slide out keyboard drawer . do not think about this and since the height of the keyboard -lrb- 2.6 accord to manufacturer -rrb- be different from the regular flat keyboard -lrb- 1.5 inch -rrb- . when slide the drawer in and out the key rub the bottom of the desk even though i have a 2 and 1\/4 inch gap between drawer and bottom of desk which be probably a pretty standard gap on computer desk , measure first . other than that it be great .
370	Keyboard	POS	4	overall i be pretty satisfy with the product . there be enough good thing say in other review so here i will only point out the problem i have : if i close ipad2 into the keyboard case and snap it in place , it become nearly impossible to remove the ipad2 from the keyboard case ! i have to try really hard and sometimes i worry about break either piece . finally what i have discover be to use either a paperclip or some other hard , flat thingy to insert in between ipad2 and keyboard case to separate these two . now i just keep they apart . another problem , which may not be a big issue for someone , be this keyboard case can not support ipad2 in portrait . if i leave the ipad2 in portrait on the keyboard , the sheer weight of the ipad2 will tilt the whole setup . i usually type with ipad2 in landscape so it be no big deal but for someone who want or need to type on ipad2 in portrait then this be not the keyboard for you .
819	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard be pretty nice . have illumination feature and volume control on the top . however after a couple week the spacebar start squeak when press on the right side . the volume control do not work well and i can not tell if the volume be go up or down unless i check on the desktop . overall its a nice board and it would be nice if the button on the side be programmable but it seem set for web navigation on the left side and pc feature on the right .
383	Keyboard	POS	5	i be primarily look for a case when i come across this case with a keyboard . end up buy a regular case and this keyboard case . i send the case back because i like this keyboard case so much better ! it be slightly more bulky than a regular case because of the add keyboard , but it be far more useful . the keyboard connect to my ipad via bluetooth and work with no glitch . the bluetooth signal seem strong , i have yet to drop the connection during use . pretty amazing keyboard case .
327	Keyboard	POS	5	keyboard & mouse work great , easy installation on windows 7 . price be super good , but it be ciber monday , so no big surprise .
941	Keyboard	POS	5	i have use this in meeting for about 3 month now . the keyboard fit perfect in my hand and the spacing be just right . the laser be bright and have a long range . have the usb accessory help since i have one computer with out bluetooth .
969	Keyboard	POS	5	order one of these keyboard and a vertical mouse to address some wrist soreness i be have at work . like this one so much , i get another one for home .
433	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be inexpensive and very pleasant to use . i plug it into my macbook to enhance comfort while typing . highly recommend !
531	Keyboard	POS	5	i be a little apprehensive about buy such a product because of bulky , not nearly as pliable product i have use in the past . this be not only visually appealing , but very functional . i would recommend this product wholeheartedly .
382	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a deluxe keyboard if ever i see one . the backlight be cool , they dim after you touch a key for a while . the whole thing be smooth -lrb- no sharp edge -rrb- . its very thin and sleek . the only part i do not like be the price ...
978	Keyboard	POS	4	for the price i would say this keyboard be okay . the num lock key do not work but the key work fine .
286	Keyboard	POS	5	at under $ 50 this keyboard and mouse be great ! logitech have come out with a new combo -lrb- the mx duo -rrb- which make they lower this set price . i buy one and like it so much i boght a second one ! the have there pro and con . one thing i didnt like be the palm rest for the keyboard be very unconforatble and the keyboard doesnt have much of a tilt to it . other then that , i love this keyboard . the mouse be also great , i love the back button and the way it fit you hand , if you plan to use it leave hand though , it wouldnt work so great . im right hand so that doesnt effect i . windows pick the set up so i still havent install the software . im have no problem without it . the media button and back button on the mouse be by far my favorate thing . the mx duo would have be great to have but it be more power then i need . this set be great for all right handed general computer user . though if you really into gaming , i would advise you to buy the mx duo .
200	Keyboard	POS	5	pro : key have excellent feel and the program key make fly microsoft fsx much easier con : blacklighting could be a litle brighter on the high setting but still very adequate for fly at night with only ilumination from the monitor ' purchase for the blacklighting and programable key feature and have not disappoint . keyboard dimension w\/o wrist rest 21.5 w x 8.5 deep . i have to re-adjust my pull out plastic keyboard tray to accodomate the depth . my old keyboard be 6.0 deep and i need the new one to clear the desk overhang to allow access to the very top control . i rarely use the top control and could have leave the old tray in its original position . the back lighting be blue and have 2 brightness level along with off and the adjustment key be above the f-12 function key . the wrist rest be easily detach and since i do not type other than email i have not install it as the additional depth would have add another 2-3 inch . it be a great gaming keyboard especially for flight sim use
82	Keyboard	POS	5	after read many of the review post here i decide to go ahead and post my own due to the number of negative 1 star dumb review that i be see . i bet that half of the 1 star review be come from people that either do not have common sense , do not know excrement about what they be talk about , or simply put be not tech savy . people here buy a $ 150 lt google tv -lrb- post december 2011 when price be lower -rrb- and expect it to work like a $ 500 computer . if any of you one star brainiac can give i a example of any unit currently in the market under $ 200 that can let you surf the web , look at pic , youtube , etc. as the logitech revue do please let i know , because as far as i i have look for a long time and what most closely resemble the logitech revue be the roku -lrb- which be junk compare to this in my opinion -rrb- , and then there be the $ 600 apple minus that work like a computer for the low price of $ 600 . i have the sony and logitech google tv . i like they both , but i prefer the logitech far more due to the keyboard . i agree many of the app currently be offer be worthless , but i barely even use the app , what i use most be the internet . through the internet you do not need any of the stupid app because you can have every single page bookmark . for those of you complain about the youtube app ; the youtube app be worthless in any unit -lrb- it constantly rebuffer in the ipad from which i be writt right now too -rrb- . another thing be that many of the reviewer here do not even know that you can change the on screen tab that you have in you main gtv window and set they to you liking . you can add a wallpaper also , and have pandora on the home screen for quick access . there be also many keyboard shortcut that you can use to surf easier through the page . to get to know this info all you need to do be type in any search engine gtv shortcut and read the forum . also , if you do not have a internet connection that be faster than 2.5 mbp do not even consider post a review about how slow the unit be , you be just make yourself look bad and dumb . thank for those of you who read this review . i give this unit 5 star for the price i buy it for -lrb- $ 100 -rrb- and what it can do when compare to available option currently in the market .
143	Keyboard	POS	5	i have use the original g15 and g11 logitech keyboard , so that be what i will be compare this keyboard to . obviously the keyboard do not have a lcd display but i find run two monitor that i rarely use that feature on the logitech g15 keyboard anyway . the letter wear off by logitech keyboard after a little under two year use . i have one replace and buy spare , but i finally run out . i decide to try a different keyboard manufacturer to see if the keyboard key would last longer under heavy use . it be obviously too soon to tell how the key on this keyboard will live up over a year or more time , but they at least give you spare key cap for the w a s and d -lrb- and arrow -rrb- key . the keyboard cable be fully detachable which will make it much easier move this keyboard from place to place . it be also cover with a braided cover which should help protect the wire within . the keyboard also come with a cloth bag to transport it in . the wrist rest on this keyboard be not detachable unlike with logitech keyboard , but i find the gradual angle of the wrist rest do not impede i in any way . the keyboard have two usb 2.0 port on it , but they be only 100 miliamp power so they may not drive hi power drain device . the logitech keyboard do not have usb 2.0 port on they so i be not really complain about this much . i would rather have usb 2.0 port that be not full power than only have usb 1.0 or 1.1 option . the media key be located above the number pad and arrow key as oppose to the top center of the keyboard . this be just a placement difference and in no way affect functionality . this keyboard have 10 macro key and four profile for a total of 40 potential macro . the key be located at each side of the keyboard with five key per side . i find this configuration take a little time to get use to but i think i like it now . the key on the right side of the keyboard easily hit by you mouse hand , of the key on the left-hand side of the keyboard the bottom three be easily hit with my pinky without move my hand from the w a s d key . the key be located slightly in from the side of the keyboard , enough so that you will not hit they by accident when move the keyboard or by bump the key on the side with the mouse hand unintentionally . the macro software could use better documentation however , i have not find a way to display the delay between keystroke yet use the software . however the macro i record seem to work well regardless . a couple thing i learn which might help other people program macro on this keyboard . first i find that after program macro you still have to select the macro profile with the keyboard itself , it do not default to any of the profile be on . second i find that my macro be enter into the game i be play much more reliably if i change the key press time to .1 second from .0 seconds . i have not yet go to the forum to see if they can explain the macro software better than the supply documentation and website . i do like the fact that the macro can be store on the internal memory of the keyboard itself -lrb- and must be for they to work -rrb- , which mean if i move this keyboard to another computer my macro will be with i without i have to reprogram they . you can of course also save the macro to you computer hard drive as well . the fan be small and do not move much air but i can feel it on my hand . it can be place in a power socket on either side of the keyboard , and rotate a full 360  . the positioning of the power outlet will allow you to place the fan where it easily cover you w a s d key or you number pad . the fan be not quite as gimmicky as i expect though i do not think i will use it on a regular basis live a house with cat . there be a slot on the back of the keyboard to store the fan when not in use . the backlighting on the keyboard seem perfectly acceptable to use in the dark and have three intensity setting not count off . the thermaltake logo on the front of the keyboard can be turn off entirely in the software regardless of the backlighting option you have choose for the rest of the keyboard , which i find a nice feature . it would be nice to have other backlight color option other than red , but i know red be the only option on this keyboard at the time purchase and be not hold that against they . overall i be please with the purchase and will seriously consider get one for my wife when she current g11 keyboard wear out . i have use thermaltake product in the past and be happy with they , so i feel willing to take a risk with they keyboard offering . i have only own this keyboard for three day so far , so i will update this review later if my opinion change or if it appear not to be as durable as i currently expect it to be . \*\*\* update 1\/3\/2012 \*\*\* the w a s d key do finally wear off a month or so ago -lrb- though i admittedly be use the stock black one not the red gaming one that it come with to swap out -rrb- . i switch to the red gaming key cap the keyboard come with and they be still hold up fine . all the other key still look new with no visible wear on they . i never use the fan other than to verify functionality of it . overall i be still happy with the keyboard performance so far . i will update in the future if and when the red gaming key wear out .
686	Keyboard	POS	4	i never write a review for any item that i buy in amazon . but i gotta say this be a good product for i . the price be reasonable when it be compare to the genuine apple product . overall , i love this product . ; -rrb-
860	Keyboard	POS	5	very happy w \/ zaggmate ... like have the keyboard . my ipad seem secure if this `` case '' amazon deliver ... once again , in good time w \/ a great product !
684	Keyboard	POS	4	this be by far one of the coolest look keyboard around . it be incredibly thin , make of a sleek glossy black plastic and brush aluminum -lrb- which as someone else mention can get cold -rrb- . the keyboard have a solid , well construct feel and the keystroke be outstanding . i personally love my thinkpad keyboard and this keyboard remind i of exactly that . the keystroke be precise but not as far -lrb- deep -rrb- as with a standard keyboard . the keyboard do have some drawback . first , i really wish there be a contextual menu key . that really bother i , because i constantly need to use the mouse instead . on the left side of the keyboard there be five button , `` sleep '' , `` zoom in '' , `` zoom out '' , `` default zoom -lrb- back to 100 % -rrb- '' , and a arrow button , which be strange as it be a left click arrow . i do not really use it and do not know why it be there . you can not change these key . the right side have a media key , which can be limitedly customize -lrb- i.e. only select media software -rrb- , a bar to adjust volume , a mute button , and a circular touch disk , and leave and right mouse button . the volume strip work fine , and i do wish that the touch disk be a bit bigger . i do like the fact that it be a disc , because you can scroll like a ipod by move you finger around the disc . it could be a bit better as far as sensitivity be concern . you can customize some of the f key , the other feature light up when you push the `` fn '' key which be located where you would expect a contextual menu key . i do not use these key all that much . cool that you can recharge it in the include stand . you do need a area of free desk space to `` show off '' you keyboard in the charger though . you can not have anything around it because the keyboard go all the way to the bottom of the charger when it be in its base -lrb- so that the keyboard be almost touch the desk -rrb- . battery life be really good . overall i would recommend this keyboard .
73	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a amazing keyboard . a excellent look and quiet key . some reviewer say key wear off and i have have this product for about a month with heavy use -lrb- i work from home so it see 10 - 14 hour of use per day , plus gaming -rrb- and i have have no issue . even if a couple key wear off i will still love this keyboard . the red glow be perfect for play game in a dark room , it be not distract at all . if you be look for a impressively work and look keyboard look no further .
795	Keyboard	POS	5	i be a student -lrb- a freshman -rrb- and find it very useful for take note and write papers instead of use the school computer i just type on it and beam it to one of the printer . it be full size and very comfortable the only thing be it be lightwieght construction and not sure how durable it be but i do not take those chance . it hold up well under my usage .
43	Keyboard	POS	5	this little unit be a cracker . i be use it in my media room for which be be perfect . the key be a bit small , but that be really the point , with the unit be similar or smaller in size than the other remote . the self light keyboard be excellent , allow for the key to be see in the darkened room . i can absolutely recommend this anyone with a media pc .
443	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a fantastic product . wish we would hear about it sooner . we keyboard be in a shadow and the overhead lighting cause a glare on the computer monitor . this be so great for we older fail eyesight . the light intensity feature be a plus . plan to order another one soon .
639	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a awesome technological piece of equipment . we get a smart tv so that we could watch crackle.com movie for free and access we email -lrb- reading and composing -rrb- , and after research buy google tv logitech revue to facilitate this process . the keyboard be fantastic to work with rather than use the remote control laboriously while press button one at a time to perform a action . i can quickly type a address on the keyboard in google and be there . the tech support be proficient and extremely knowledgeable . i speak with a tech who lead i through clear the cache , go through the spotlight app to access crackle and who explain various function of the keyboard , like press the menu button to the right of the space bar , select window , and click on the x 's to close window instead of leave they open and fill the cache . my hat go off to logitech for produce a product that be extremely valuable in easily use a smart tv . most problem people have be because they be use it incorrectly . i love the ease of it , to watch movie and access my email , and typing be a breeze . i love google tv logitech revue and they tech support !!!!
993	Keyboard	POS	5	paired immediately with the mac minus i use for my home entertainment system ! everything seem to be work great ! the keyboard be smaller than my remote ! i have have no problem with the range , it work flawlessly from my couch about ten foot away . great price for a awesome product !
894	Keyboard	POS	5	this item be bring for my son , he love it . it work very well . the price be a steal compare to the price at local store in my area for double the amount ...
893	Keyboard	POS	5	this be my second ergo 4000 and i really could not be happier -lrb- well if it be wireless that would be sooooo awesomer -rrb- . i buy my first one after 4 month of be a software engineer . i write code for about 8 hour a day -lrb- 9-5 , m-f -rrb- so my wrist start to hurt after a whole day of typing . i buy one of those keyboard cushion and hate it . i find this keyboard for sale on , i think , newegg and have be love it ever since . that keyboard be still work just fine but need to be take apart and clean -lrb- all keyboard need to be clean , ew -rrb- . i decide to buy a new one and take the old one home for use in my ` home office ' . i have spend hour and hour try to find a replacement that i would like . saddly split ergo be not in fashion any more . i have try the wave and play with a bunch of logitech keyboard but the only one i have even think about switch to be the  smartfish technologies k2418b reflex ergomotion keyboard  that and people complain about the cramped numberpad which i use a lot . i even try look for a split that at least have some kind od padding like the 4000 but all i find be either gel or plastic . i end up come right back to this one . it may not be stylish as a logitech , or as solid as a 80 's mechanical keyboard but this thing still beat they all at comfort and reliablity . actual review : the key be pretty silent but i type kind of fast and hard so there be some muted clacking but it be pretty light . the key themselves have a matted feel to they and spring back up when you press down . you do not need a lot of force to press but you know you press a key . rarely can you accidently press a key and not know you do -lrb- never happen to i but i guess these thing can happen -rrb- . there be review about the how you have to press near the center of the spacebar to register a `` space '' but i have never have that . the spacebar be oversized and my thumb rest directly on it without any effort on my part . some split key board have the two spacebar or the oddly shaped one but this board have a oversized one that spand the entire split . i have never set up the `` my favorite '' key so i can not comment on those but i see somewhere online that you could substitute macro rather than \* . exe or homepage . -lrb- if i find it again i 'll edit this post . -rrb- the zoom button i use rarely but only when i need to up the font size in notepad + + . i use the hell out of the volume and calculator button . the play button work in itunes but be really mean for windows media player . the volume control be mean for the system sound not as a media player control . my programming enviroment do not recognize the '' = '' \/ '' -lrb- '' \/ '' -rrb- '' key find above the numberpad but this be due mainly to such old software -lrb- vs6 -rrb- but word -lrb- even 2010 -rrb- see they . con : the only real complaint i have be that there be no real wireless version . the 7000 i think be wireless but you need to use the mouse and i have no need for it -lrb- i use a logitech vx at home and a mx at work -rrb- . and just a note , depend on what os and hardware you be on the volume control can take up to a 3-4 seconds to adjust the volume . i be pretty sure on a fast system that you will not even notice a lag if there be one . remark : after 5 year of solid use the key that be oringally matte be now shiny and a few letter have rub off but the keyboard still work just as it do the day i first set it up . it be be to 3 different company and survive 2 move . the pleather\/leather be still the same color as it be , no rip , no fading , no tear apart , no little piece flake off , etc. . a rubber foot do come off but that happen like a few month ago which again speak volume about the overall construction . and the little lead light on the bottom still work ! i 'll post a picture of they side by side later so you can see what i be talk about .
142	Keyboard	POS	5	i have to order a new keyboard after my original with my imac succumb to the effect of a cup of coffee . the new one work great . i be very pleased with apple product .
878	Keyboard	POS	5	ok - this thing be really inexpensive ; which be great . i really only buy it for the colorful splash it would give my computer , and it do that perfectly . here be the irony of the whole purchase ... within a half hour of the box deliver , a spill 1\/2 a open soda all over my laptop . without this sweet cover , my computer would have be toast . best $ 5 i have ever spent !!
822	Keyboard	POS	5	receive on 12\/15 , the day of the first google software update . i be very happy with this product . the setup be a very , very simple 12-step process . the revue recognize my directv box , my mitsubishi tv and even , surprisingly , my yamaha sound bar , which i input as my `` av receiver '' . sweet ! my main purpose for buy this be because of a certain adult cable channel that cost $ 15.99 \/ month + tax on directv and only $ 7.99 \/ month for internet access to the same programming from the cable channel 's website . the directv channel be in standard definition and the internet site contain hd . a win-win for i .
128	Keyboard	POS	5	i will not review this as a desktop keyboard\/mouse , even though my feeling be that this would also be a excellent set for that purpose . i will only review it for the purpose it have serve in my own household , that of a home theater pc -lrb- htpc -rrb- keyboard . my couch sit perhaps 12-15 ' from my entertainment center , which be where my htpc sit . what i want in a keyboard be : \* thin \* lightweight -lrb- very important ! -rrb- \* inexpensive \* excellent wireless range \* a full-sized layout since i be also play some game -lrb- especially fps 's -rrb- on it this keyboard meet every one of those requirement . first , this keyboard be unbelievably thin . next to a lot of other keyboard , it be sort of like compare a macbook air to a conventional notebook . sit on the end table , it be pretty low profile . more importantly , it be ultra-light . when i pick it up from beside i to use , pick it up one-handed even , it do not break my arm to lift it over to my lap . i must emphasize what a big deal this be . think of you angle -- sit upright , reach out to you side with one arm to pick something up from end table level and lifting from the side . a moderate amount of weight put a lot of strain on the shoulder . none of that with this keyboard . the price be also right . i actually buy mine at fry 's for $ 34 and feel like i be get a bargain for the package . i expect to spend that on a decent lightweight wireless keyboard alone , and the mouse be a real bonus . wireless range be critical , as a couple of heavier desktop keyboard i have at home already be fizzle out more than a few foot from the computer . this one just work fine all the way across the room . one small annoyance : it do not work quite as smoothly when the usb dongle be plug into the back of the computer which sit on the floor . it sometimes miss a beat . run a short $ 3 usb extension cable to place that dongle up about 3 ' from the ground and without a computer and other junk between i and it , but without move it any closer to i , totally solve that . now i can lean back and it never miss anything . finally , i have mull over the idea of get a smaller compact keyboard as originally this be strictly a htpc and you do not generally need a full keyboard for one of those . as i have also cave into the temptation to put a high performance video card in the system for some big-screen gaming , i figure i would probably need a full keyboard . for this , it work splendidly . i can play left4dead 2 or fallout vegas as comfortably as at my desk and enjoy the gigantic view of my 50 '' tv . as for the feel of the key , it have the right amount of tactile feel , respond brilliantly -lrb- some cheap keyboard miss a keypress now and then or do not depress smoothly -rrb- , and generally feel very solid . i would be please to have this on my desk if i be not already use to the microsoft natural ergonomic `` humpback '' model 4000 keyboard with the split in the middle , which i have be use for many year . on the mouse : it do not have the assortment of extra side button that i like on my logitech mouse that be at my desk , nor the nice variable-spinability scrollwheel that can be make to be clutch or to spin freely . it be pretty much a basic 3 button laser mouse with scrollwheel , but for that , it work beautifully . a laser mouse tend to work better on more surface than you old-school red-eye lead mouse , and this one certainly work on nearly everything . that be , it work on any mousepad , the end table , the coffee table , the couch , a piece of paper , a newspaper , a magazine , my thigh with or without long pants , the front of my shirt ... whatever i need it to work on to get that pointer over to the xbmc icon to get it kick on so that my harmony remote can take over . if i need to use it for a while , though , it get the job do very competently . this be a combination that i recommend to anyone . i wish i would have get mine for the price this be currently list on amazon , which at the moment be about $ 10 less than i pay at my local atlanta fry 's . as for durability , i have be use it heavily for 9 month so far and it still work like new . of course , i do tend to use a keyboard for pretty much a decade or more , so hopefully this one will live up to that expectation .
506	Keyboard	POS	5	i find it hard to go back to the mouse and keyboard thing . it be do it all . take a little time to get the hang of it but it really be ergonomically inspire and work in both horizontal and vertical position ... a laser pointer to boot ! recommend ! : d larameeee
349	Keyboard	POS	5	great , product i have everyte that i need from this package , usefull tool for my reading device , good quality on the item .
808	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this keyboard ! this be , in fact , the second of this model of keyboard i have purchase -lrb- for different computer , the first keyboard be still in use -rrb- . i highly recommend to anyone to get one of these keyboard for themselves !! : -rrb-
47	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard have work wonderfully for i so far . like some other review i have see , i wish you have more choice when it come to the color , you really only get red , blue and purple , of vary brightness . the gaming mode be great , i have die many time accidentally click the window key , and that be no longer a issue . the software that come with it be quick and easy to install . i have see people say that they have have trouble with certain key not work everytime , however i have not have the issue once . overall i give it a 4 star review only because i wish there be more color option .
910	Keyboard	POS	5	if you own a palm m125 , m130 & m500 series pda , you must get this keyboard . it make inpute datum onto you pda a breeze . the design be awesome and it fold away really nicely . it accompany i everywhere i go in lieu of my laptop . i can type e-mail message rather than rely on use graphity to write make the palm much more usable and powerful . type note , editing document with document to go make this keyboard indispensable . furthermore , amazon.com have the best price anywhere in the country . you 'll save -lrb- money -rrb- by order it from amazon and if you time it right , you can take advantage of free shipping and handling . what more could you ask for ?
791	Keyboard	POS	5	buy this to replace a illuminate wire keyboard i have for use with my htpc . love this keyboard . the instant on when it sens my hand be close to the board be a really nice feature . there have be time where the light will stay on , even though my hand be not near it , but that have be few and far between . have have this for over a month now and have only charge it one time with a average daily use of about a hour\/hour and a half total per day . waf = 10 out of 10 .
329	Keyboard	POS	5	save you hand from crapal tunnel easy to use a pleasure to use destroy the basic dell keyboard 100 to one wont be sorry on this one dynamite product
98	Keyboard	POS	5	i absolutely love this keyboard and mouse . it be so easy to set up . plug in the usb piece -lrb- it look like a jumpdrive -rrb- and from there my computer read the new equipment . then all i have to do be pull the tab piece from the battery compartment of the keyboard and the mouse and that be it . there be a power button on both so you can turn each one off individually or they automatically go into hibernation if not use for a few minute . i love how responsive the mouse be and the fact that it have a back and forward button right on the mouse . the scroll button work super fast . the keyboard be very comfy . it have a display to tell you how much battery power it have leave . the f-key be preprograme and have little icon on they to tell you what they can be use for . that be especially nice since before i have pretty much never use f-key . there be also key on the board for music -lrb- next , repeat , volume , ect -rrb- and i also love that . one other feature that i love the most be the button to pull up the calculator and its right on the keyboard . maybe other keyboard have this feature , but my last one do not , so it be nice not have to go and find it or hunt for my handheld one when i be help one of my kid with they math , or do my own math . i really can not think of anything else that i would like add to either the mouse or keyboard .
961	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use the logitech combo mk520 with keyboard and laser mouse for a while now , and the operation be so seamless that i generally forget i be operate wireless at all . i have always use wire keyboard and mouse , and of course find the wire restrict - especially when i need to access the rear panel of my pc for any reason . my one previous experiment with a wireless mouse be short-lived , communication be inconsistent and eventually the software\/device crash . no problem here . setup be very smooth . although some prior reviewer note the keyboard touch be either better or worse than they be use to , personally i do not see any difference . i do not use many of the special key or feature . as note by many other , the calculator key be most handy and welcome . the music related function of mute , volume , next\/prior track all operate perfectly . i understand that the f1 - f12 key can be program to perform different function , but frankly i be not that interested . i use this equipment on my home pc , and for my purpose the additional programming be unnecessary . mouse operation be identical to my prior wire mouse . scroll be smooth . i do have to get use to the fact that if i accidentally knock my mouse to the right , since it be not physically connect to anything , it will indeed crash to the floor . it be a bit alarming for the klutzy , especially that one time the case pop up . but it be not overly delicate , and pop the case back down result in no harm , no foul . overall , this be simply a outstanding product in my experience . if anything , i have experience fewer problem with the logitech wireless combo than i previously have with hardwired keyboard or mouse equipment .
903	Keyboard	POS	5	this case be lightweight and easily snap together to the ipad to protect it . it be ready then to use with the built-in display holder , which give you 3 different angle for view . the case be texture for a positive grip . on initial use , the keyboard feel small , but of course it need to be as compact as the design of the ipad . i soon become comfortable use it and of course i enjoy the capability of have such a handy compact keyboard to use on the go . no one like lug around a heavy laptop , and this virtually turn you ipad into a laptop , only much smaller and lighter ! to wake the ipad from sleep , you can tap the keyboard and it be ready to go again . the keyboard have several ipad function assign to key . speaker control key , play function for music , copy , paste , cut , lock the ipad and more - all from this little keyboard ! it be also possible to use another case and still utilize the keyboard . you would have to carry it separately though . if you use a keyboard a lot , you will want to keep everything together in the new trent bluetooth wireless keyboard kit . this case keep it all assemble in one package for ready use .
664	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a great purchase for i . the device itself be slim and small enough to keep it with rest of the remote control . i use it operate a computer connect to my hdtv and it work great from about 12 foot away . tap on the mouse pad or scrolling by run the finger on the pad sometimes do not work as great while the device be hand hold - i generally place it on the arm rest for more stability for these operation . overall it have make life so much simpler for not have to worry about a full size keyboard and mouse lie around in we living room but still get the full use of the hide computer .
601	Keyboard	POS	5	i come into this without very much hope for it , i mean a wireless keyboard + touchpad with function key and backlighting with a rechargeable lithium-ion battery and a red laser to boot ? all from a fairly unknown company ? it sound like the sort of hodgepodge that you would find in a discount bin at a flea market . this be not the case . this thing be just awesome . first off i want to talk about the touchpad and what they do not really inform you about for some reason , it be a multi-touch touchpad . what this mean be that it can detect more than one finger at a time -lrb- i have not try any 3 finger command but two finger command do work , for instance put two finger and move they down will cause the page to scroll down . -lrb- and it actually work as good as the one on my netbook -rrb- move the mouse and click with it also work well , even on my 1920 x 1080 resolution screen . the keyboard be very similar to what you would get on a black berry cell phone in how they feel , personally i would have prefer more of a standard style for they but these still get the job do and work just as well . the backlighting work great , not too bright and not too dim , and can be turn off which be a nice feature consider that it would be a waste of energy in the day . the function key work as they should and be clearly label include most of the common media player control and a few neat addition like ctrl + alt + del , a button i be not certain what it do -lrb- it be inscribe on the key as rf but when click it turn on the cap lock and for a little while button will not register on the computer like it be set up some kind of macro but i do not know where i would even press to activate it , if anyone know what it be for please comment ! : d -rrb- and a button that do something insanely cool . the button -lrb- function key alt -rrb- turn the transmission of the touchpad 90 degree , what be do it it allow you to hold it like a remote and use the laserpointer without have to hold one hand sideways to control it . it work very well and be something i have never see before ! the wireless receiver be a nano receiver -lrb- the really tiny kind -rrb- and work fairly well , it pick up input from my bed a good 6-7 foot away no problem and i have find it to only start sputter at around 15 foot away . when not in use you can store the receiver within the unit in a compartment on the top . the actual transmission of keystrokes\/mouse movement be great . i have have full size keyboard and mouse that would miss a keystroke since it have to wake up but this one pick up every one even if it have fall `` asleep '' the battery so far have be great , it come with a charge cable and it have as of yet not die on i or even come up with a low power light -lrb- also it have a indicator for when the battery be charge or low along with one for cap lock and another light for something i have yet to discover -rrb- the laser pointer be a laser pointer , it look very bright but i honestly never have one before so i do not really have much to compare it to so i do not have much to say about it . overall the layout of the button be pretty good , the only thing i would change be i would have put the right and leave mouse button on the top edge of the unit rather than below the touchpad . if they have i wold have be able to put another pro , game . it would have actually be able t work similarly to a video game controller -lrb- make the touchpad a virtual joystick -rrb- i try play call of duty with it and the only problem i have be a. my thumb be too big for the `` wasd '' key and b. the mouse button be hard to press . other than that it actually hold up pretty well . if anyone from favi be read this try make one for gaming ! it would be sweet ! -rrb- overall this device be awesome , for $ 30 buck there be nothing better on the market !
211	Keyboard	POS	5	awesome deal ! i be a little leery about this , because of the price , -lrb- 1 cent -rrb- but i get it very promptly . and it look , feel great on my white macbook . the font be the same , so its like it be a factory part . the only downfall , be the the black on the skin , be like a newspaper , and get on you finger , but its not that bad ... def not something to whine about ... great deal , awesome shipping and product , highly recommend !
406	Keyboard	POS	5	i have purchase this keyboard\/mouse combo many time for the business i work at , and it be honestly the best one i have see and use ... the ergonomic effect be not overwhelming and the surround shortcut key be great ! it have a great feel to it , also .
726	Keyboard	POS	4	with the mixed review i do not know if i should have get this but i be glad i do . typing be so much faster for those longer email and it give you add functionality like the top key on a normal macbook . the only bad thing be that it be not really a `` cover case '' but it just barely fit over the ipad and can slip out very easily . i wish it snap closed but i still love this thing . matches my white ipad 3 so well .
465	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a really good product . it take my full-sized wireless mouse and keyboard and replace it with something that fit in the palm of my hand . i have have it for about a week and i have not have to charge it -lrb- except for the initial charge of course -rrb- . the button be a good size and be easy to use . on the negative side , it be not nearly as easy to type in large amount of text ... but it be a tiny keyboard , so that be somewhat expect . also , on occasion it will not transmit the key press or mouse movement . i sit about 15-16 ft. from my tv -lrb- and computer -rrb- , so that may have something to do with it . i have notice when i have the problem , if i move my finger off the front of the case , then the problem go away . i have not play around with it enough to confirm that the issue stem from that alone , but so far , it be look like that be the problem . the mouse pad be also very touchy . when i scroll across a screen , i might have to do multiple pass with my thumb . when i lift my thumb up and move back in the air , it tend to register the movement still if i be close to the pad , and then the mouse cursor end up go backwards a little way . i have determine if i just lift my thumb about 1\/2 a inch off the pad then this stop be a issue . basically , you just need to train yourself . all in all , i only take off 1 star for all of the issue above . honestly , it work perfectly 95 % of the time , and that be why it be one of my favorite new toy for the living room !
773	Keyboard	POS	4	i like the feel of this , its a nice keyboard . but do not flex it when in operation . it do not operate well when it be bent . use it on a flat surface . the manual say not to roll it up tightly when you store it away . there be many small wire inside that may be damage if stressed too far . a problem , this keyboard disabled my ps\/2 mouse port . i have to buy a usb mouse to run with this keyboard .
811	Keyboard	POS	4	if you be look for a wireless keyboard and mouse paired set -lrb- 1 usb receiver for both -rrb- , this be a great option . it work flawlessly , and super easy to setup . the keyboard and mouse be not `` fancy '' , but i be not shop for that .
165	Keyboard	POS	4	one main reason i buy this pc be that it be advertise as have a sim card slot . my unit have the sim slot , but nothing into which to plug the sim card . it be useless . samsung ` help ' be of not ` help ' either . my model be the : xe700t1a-a03us . be careful . m
401	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this keyboard for my office use , and it be not a bad choice ~ i like it
913	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be very comfortable to use . the e-mail and homepage key be so easy to set up . i would recommend it to anyone who be look for a keyboard .
698	Keyboard	POS	5	awesome . what more can be say . buy this keyboard because my little brother use to sleep behind i . that mean that all light need to be off . my monitor light be just barely enough to light the keyboard so i would also make error . decide it be time to get a keyboard that be back-lit and when i find this one , i have to have it . very comfortable , nice bar at the wrist so that they may rest . volume control + \/ - \/ mute lighting option : bright , dim , off sturdy nice red - not killer bright , which be actually really good . soft and subtle , but definitely bright enough to light up everything .
103	Keyboard	POS	5	i have a 13inch macbook pro and i purchase this to protect the keyboard , i fear that it be go to be cheaply make but let i just say it be not ! its thin and fit perfectly over the key , it do not come up around the edge , and it feel more comfortable for my hand anyways since i be on the computer for extended period of time , definitely recommend , you can not go wrong for the price !!!
403	Keyboard	POS	4	buy this for my home theater pc , run linux . the size , weight , keyboard layout , typing feel , and battery life be all great . it be well balance in the hand , and i can easily type one-handed while stand up , say , for enter a username and password while browse the web . the wireless sensitivity appear to work as advertise , have use it at distance well over 20 ' from my computer . there be a `` left '' mouse button on the front right of the keyboard , so you can use just you right hand for point and click , unless you need to use the `` right '' mouse button . then you have to use you left hand to operate the mouse button on the left side of the keyboard . these left-side mouse button take a little get use to , since my brain be wire to operate mouse button with only my right hand . but after a day or two of use these left-side button feel naturally place . i have also come to rely heavily on the the scroll wheel on the front left of the keyboard . the home\/end\/pgup \/ pgdown key be conveniently position in the right-most column of key right next to the trackball , make for easy page navigation during web browsing , pdf reading , etc. . unfortunately , iogear have not improve the trackball design from previous model , which other have complain about in amazon review . out of the box , it feel gritty and rough . this have smooth out somewhat over time , but be still far from perfect . it also wobble in its socket , which make for a wholly unsatisfying experience and reduce accuracy . i use a logitech marble mouse with my office computer , which be so smooth and accurate that it make the iogear trackball seem like a afterthought . if only iogear would improve this one critical part , the keyboard would be the perfect addition to we home entertainment system . that say , i enjoy use the keyboard , and have come to live with the trackball . i still think it be a better setup than balance a separate keyboard and pointer device when sit on a couch . the keyboard come with rechargeable aa battery and usb cable for recharge , which be a nice touch .
900	Keyboard	POS	5	excellent product . the skin be barely noticeable and protect my computer from dust and dirt . i also use a skin on my desk top keyboard . i would purchase this again .
862	Keyboard	POS	5	i have try dozen of mouse and keyboard and this be the best in every category . the feel of the keyboard be good and it be clearly readable even in low light . the mouse be comfortable and quiet and work smoothly with no jump around . the keyboard and mouse both work for a very long time on very few battery -lrb- just one for the mouse -rrb- . there be a low battery indicator on the mouse . the keyboard and mouse both wake up from sleep seamlessly - no accidental button press as with other wireless device . the range be superb - i have no issue use the mouse or keyboard from the other side of a large room . i use these for both windows and ubuntu with no configuration require . perfect .
167	Keyboard	POS	5	i have a pain at dorsal part of my wrist and since ihave start use this keyboard i have feel a important improvement . it be ver y confortable if you have to type a lot but it be not a perfect option if you have to use a mouce frecuently -lrb- to scroll through image or similar ... -rrb- because it be quite wide and you have to move the hand a bit far from body what can produce shoulder pain . in this condition should be perfect to have a option without right part -lrb- that one with the number -rrb- .
35	Keyboard	POS	5	i have now have this keyboard skin for almost 12 month and it be go strong . use to have one before it that be more expensive -lrb- $ 23 , from a better known brand moshi -rrb- , but my old one just look horrible after a while -- shiny and stain on the key , protect the keyboard underneath but look embarrassingly filthy itself , soon become warped and out of shape whenever crinkle . this dirt cheap alternative do not look embarrassingly dirty -lrb- perhaps due to the black key ; the other one be transparent -rrb- and be still shaped flat like the day i buy it ... i order it a year ago come june , and have not have a day of dissatisfaction ... i can imagine have it for a long time in the future .
770	Keyboard	POS	4	have the infrare version as well this by far be the best ir need to be point to the computer and you need to constantly check the screen if you mistype anything its not the case with this bt device love the size love the mousepad work great def reco
974	Keyboard	POS	5	use my laptop at home i find myself touch the cursor pad , and move it around what i be typing . also my old mouse be act up , so i get this combo pack . it do and excellent job & i would recommend it to anyone .  logitech wireless desktop mk320 with keyboard and mouse
866	Keyboard	POS	5	i suppose a laser mouse would be a small improvement , but the optical mouse provide be quite good enough . just remember to turn it off when not in use . the keyboard be quiet and feel just right . the special key for automatic connection to email , internet , control sound , etc , work properly - without additional software . the o\/s on my desktop be vista home . i have not test it on my laptop or netbook , both run xp . but i be sure keyboard and mouse would work just as well on they . it take only ten minute to unpack , install , boot-up my computer , and write this review . i 'll update after i have use it a while . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* update : 12-18-2010 \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* after use the mk320 for several day , i can testify that the logitech mk320 keyboard and mouse be a excellent choice for anyone own a desktop or portable computer run windows vista os . i be order a second mk320 for my xp desktop computer . it be presently connect to a old wire -lrb- no brand -rrb- keyboard and mouse . they be past due for the junk yard . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* update : 2\/8\/11 \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* the second keyboard come and have be in use for about ten day . it be as nice as the first . i have it plug into my second desktop -lrb- xp os -rrb- . i sometimes unplug it and use it on my netbook -lrb- also xp os -rrb- . it be easily identify on both computer and it make a great difference - especially with the netbook . i be use the include alkaline battery , but i be think about use my nimh rechargeable battery when the alkaline battery die . this be no big deal . the convenience of this keyboard and mouse be worth the possible alkaline battery expense . also , i be a touch typist and this keyboard give i no problem keep up to my natural speed . it feel right and it perform right . i can not imagine a better deal . i have raise my rating from four star to five star .
361	Keyboard	POS	5	so good skin for macbook pro . black color match well with key board , look classic . i use it for my macbook pro 15 '' and macbook 13 '' laptop .
318	Keyboard	POS	5	a little uncomfortable for typing but hey be a cover , its not original key what else do you want , you get use to it eventually . i really love it , it fit really good my key for my macbook pro 13.3 inch . i really love it ! i be so glad i purchase it i want to protect my very expensive piece of technology and this be really great ! it look real nice too ! so far be really loving it !! i receive my item super quickly !
170	Keyboard	POS	4	plug and play work great . the key be a little bouncy on the keyboard but i be sure that will wear in a bit . mouse feel nice . extremely easy to get start . do not even have to get the computer guru of the house to help ...
423	Keyboard	POS	5	awesome , works great . easy to use . i have have no problem . it have work every time i need it to . love the back light , and 90 degree flip option . my friend just buy one after playin ' with mine . biggest complaint - you have to push the fn button for media control - sound , play , rec , fwr , rev , etc. . i want one finger access for these media control . i also have the logitech dinovo mini and i often waver between the two . dinovo fail often ! but dinovo have better control . if the rius minus control have a windows media center button , on-off for t.v. , and no fn for media . i would gladly pay $ 150 or more . when will a company realize that we computer be become a media center and we want remote with mouse capability and key board option , but control t.v. , stereo , etc. . . ? they have this for google t.v. but can not be adapt . amazon : what my free prize for write this review and help sell product ? how about a cut on shipping cost ?!!! lol .
473	Keyboard	POS	5	i need these ps\/2 gender change adapter real quick to get my keyboard and mouse to work between two system . my order result in a quick delivery as need with the right item . i would order from this vendor again .
872	Keyboard	POS	4	i have be travel since june '12 with the new ipad3\/trent case . so far , i be pleased with both product . still on a learning curve with the ipad . chuckle , the trent be create first and the ipad make to give it a purpose . if the trent be steal and the ipad leave behind i would not be surprise . only problem i be try to resolve with the trent keyboard be how to protect it from spill and junk . i can not find a super thin cover for it yet . use clear saran wrap until something better come along . learn a lesson the hard way with keyboard and junk . enjoy , gary
270	Keyboard	POS	5	i do not think i be go to like it , and the way the company ship it , i be disappoint . but , when i take it out of the envelope and put it on my macbook pro , i fall in love with it ! it fit perfectly , protect my key from dirt & dust , and i can still see the light keyboard through it ! the minor flaw it have be that the letters\/numbers\/symbols be not perfectly align . - just a minor insignificance !
137	Keyboard	POS	4	i only have one issue initially ... the usb connector be a bit flimsy and because of that i be have a bad reception - sometimes i would wiggle the mouse and nothing would happen . i think the problem be the quality of the mouse , or the reliability of the rf channel ... the problem be the usb contact ... i squeeze a little bit the little usb receiver , and shove really hard inside the usb port of the computer , and now everything work peachy ...
112	Keyboard	POS	4	they have more linux support for it .  nice , quietish keyboard . the extra button might be nice under windows ; i have have to manually map they under linux . i wish logitech have support for we linux people .
385	Keyboard	POS	5	ipearl be great ! i receive it fast and i love it ! everything be easy to install and it look great . i can not wait to tell all my friend with a mac to use ipearl ! thanks !
901	Keyboard	POS	5	i be so pleased with this keyboard . it be the best keyboard i have ever use . i be a bud writer and have write quite a bit . the lighting be so nice look . i can lie in bed and type easily see the key with no light on to bother my wife . it be also quiet , and have a nice feel to the key . they spring back just right for i . i have only have it a week . i just hope it last for a long time i love it so much .
402	Keyboard	POS	4	work great ; sleek , slim , sharp design ; extremely long battery life ; sometimes i would be nice if there be a number pad but for the most part i do not miss it . now if there be only 1 receiver that work with all of logitech 's wireless device ... this be the only reason i do not give it 5 star .
292	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this keyboard ! i be a little wary get something like this that i have never see in person before but i really want something to control my computer when i hook it up to my tv screen ... this work wonder ! i have have it now for about a month and still have not have to charge it again . i do not use it every day and it have a great little sleep function that save the battery for when you forget to turn it off ... i never remember to turn mine off and it still work great ! the button be small but with the size of the thing i be expect smaller ... the mouse pad be very responsive and you can switch the orientation between use it like a keyboard with two hand or use it like a remote with one hand . the page up\/page down button be very handy for when the screen be small and you can not find the scroll arrow and the usb charge port be very cool with a external female usb attach so you do not two use usb port with the remote charging and power the computer . all in all i be extremely happy with my purchase and would do it again in a heart beat !
343	Keyboard	POS	5	seem to be a very good replacement . can not tell if it be a refurb or new . well worth the cheaper price than other i find .
852	Keyboard	POS	5	i enjoy this keyboard thoroughly ; the backlight be really fun in the dark and the color can even cycle through three preset color use m1 , m2 , and m3 . i would definitely recommend it . i look at the g19 as well and to i the full color lcd screen be not worth it , and so far i be not regret my decision at all by save a good bit of money and go with this g510 .
104	Keyboard	POS	5	if you have a smart tv , then the logitech revue will be its new best friend . it be amazing . you can watch movie , research for show , see what play now and in the future , listen to music and more . plus it work with netflix and my phone . so awesome ~ !!
242	Keyboard	POS	4	if you want a keyboard for you calculator , this be you only option . it have all the letter , but it lack other button such as some for programming which give the keyboard limited functionality . it also come with some nice software that be like notepad for calculator so you can save and manage you file . it be pretty easy to set up , you just have to download a new operating system for you calculator . overall good accessory for every calculator finatic , somewhat pricey , but again , its the only one
100	Keyboard	POS	4	buy this remote for my zotac -lrb- zbox -rrb- . after i throw ubuntu on the computer and start it up , i be able to connect the remote even at the initial bio screen . no tweaking , no issue , just work . also test fine with the ps3 , though not much of a time saver there if you be already adept with the six-axis . i after many many night and day of forget to turn off the remote or leave the back-lit key turn on , i have yet to run out of battery power -lrb- and i be still run off the initial out-of-box factory charge -rrb- . i be happy with they choice for key layout and design . the media control be nice , but i would have opt to make f1-f9 secondary key and the media control the primary . hold fn + f7 to skip a chapter seem like one button too many if you desire a `` no-look '' remote . i have not test bluetooth thoroughly yet , but i know it do not get recognize by my ps3 or laptop so maybe that be just a bogus selling point ? maybe my battery be low , but my remote have never be very effective at distance greater than 6ft . after that , the mouse will get jumpy and non-responsive , and you 'll be go back to retype many sentence as certain keystroke be not log . overall , i like this remote for what it be . a very cheap alternative to a $ 120 logitech wireless unit . i pay $ 22 and be very happy with what i get . i would recommend this to anyone , though do not expect detailed spec , , direction , support out of the box - there be none . thankfully everything seem to `` just work '' so happy couch surfing !
178	Keyboard	POS	4	this allow i to lay in the bed and use my computer on my wall mount lcd . it be like im use a tv remote to surf the net . it be very responsive and intuitive . i love the backlit keyboard .
867	Keyboard	POS	5	then you need this keyboard ... take a little get use to but once you master it , you pain will go away over time . also keep other from use you keyboard !!! love this ergonomic product .
925	Keyboard	POS	4	the key be hard at the start but after constant use , they start to loosen up . sometimes the cursor jump unexpectedly . but its size make up for its shortcoming include the different placement of the delete , insert , home , and other key . the on\/off switch be a definite plus .
849	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard and mouse combo be absolutely amazing for this price . not only do they work very well , but i can use they from 15 foot away without any lag . do not get any better at this price .
951	Keyboard	POS	4	product meet expectation but i get use to be amaze by logitech : product be good , useful but there be no -lrb- good -rrb- surprise : light keyboard glow but do not `` shine '' , macro be programmable but it do not seem to work all the time , booklet be very very short and there be no osd . . all in all , this product be recommend but there should be better somewhere else .
491	Keyboard	POS	5	this product be a gift from the heaven , it work with anytype of computer\/server . the keyboard be the perfect size , key be quiet and space correctly . the touchpad be very sensitive even after adjustment in system utility . the left mouse button be very touchy , while move icon or file it seem to release on it be own . very frustrate at time . other than that the signal it produce alow you to work more than 30 ' multi-media button be perfect location for the keyboard . give the keyboard more functionality during quick surffing or use the keyboard with a media server . -- keyboard heaven
568	Keyboard	POS	5	to all of you who have complain that the `` key be off '' or the `` color be off '' or whatever -- false . this cover be awesome . this be my third silicone keyboard cover -lrb- the first time i be use this actual product though -rrb- and i can tell you for sure this one have be the best . i get orange . it be mad cute and i love it . but more than anything , this be 1 -rrb- the most durable silicone cover i have ever have ; 2 -rrb- the best fit -- silicone cover , i have find , generally run a bit loose , and this fit perfectly which make use it so much more comfortable ; and 3 -rrb- be not hurt my key -lrb- in the past i have have problem with the material leave some gross residue on my key , like a oily liquid , and i just check and this one leave my key perfectly dry and clean , look like brand new -rrb- . it be easy on the finger and soft . and it be thick enough that it be not go to rip like my last 2 do , but not too thick that it be impossible to type with . and it stay clean and the color do not wear out , which also happen with all my other cover . basically for everything that matter when you be only pay around 1 $ for a product , this be the best i have ever have . it be design for macbook pro , not airbook , so obviously you key be not go to match because you have a different computer and different keyboard -lrb- but the keyboard size be the same so it will still work -rrb- . i do not use the backlight on my keyboard -lrb- i find it a waste of battery\/energy -rrb- but i know that none of the cover i have ever have have ever have letter that line up exactly with the keyboard . there be much worse problem that you can have than a color that be off or `` letter that do not match '' or whatever you be all complain about -lrb- like my residue issue or the cover scratch the monitor screen , which i have read about in other review for other product -rrb- . if you want a absolutely perfect product , go pay $ 10 at the apple store . this be truly a incredible cover and i be probably go to buy a few more in different color just for fun or in case this one wear out . you do not find good silicone cover like this often .
735	Keyboard	POS	5	my brother tell i about the logitech wireless combo mk550 and i order one and i be glad i do , it be truly the best keyboard and mouse i have ever use . it be comfortable , have a great feel and touch , be quite , and the programmable key be a add plus . my 10 year old grandson even comment on how much he like it . thanks logitech for a great product and i highly recommend this item to anyone .
172	Keyboard	POS	5	as a full size keyboard and full fuction mouse with great range , this be a excellent product . set-up take a minute or so and the connection with the computer be do from a very small usb connector . since i rarely use all my usb slot this work perfectly for i . when the connector be put in , it automatically download the driver to windows 7 . i be use the combo a couple of minute after open the box . what i like about the keyboard be that be extremely easy to get use to and full size . i rarely make a typing mistake , it have all the key i need and i have go back a good 20 foot and it be still within-range of the usb connector . there be really no waste space on the keyboard but at the same time it do not seem crowd . but this be the one drawback for some people that i want to point out . the keyboard be long and rigid . it could become a transportation problem depend upon how people want to use this product . if you be use a small netbook this would be a excellent product at home or at work , but if you want it as a travel companion be aware of the size . the mouse also have great range , good feel , and it have work on every surface i have try it on without lose any accuracy . the software will install if you want a small screen box that allow you to do cap and number lock from the screen and also show you the connection and battery status of the keyboard and mouse . bottomline be a good quality product and a good value for the price . it would make use a netbook or even a laptop much easier . battery be supply , set-up be easy , and you will be up and click and typing in a couple of minute . just know what you want . this be a rigid-non folding keyboard that be quite long . if you be ok with that , then this be a excellent choice .
840	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a perfectly fine , functional keyboard that be a great price ! we have have no problem so far and do not anticipate any . great buy !
182	Keyboard	POS	5	i have only have this remote for a couple of day , but i have already a lot of good thing to say about it . i be even write this review with the riimote and my laptop connect to the tv via a hdmus cable . now if you be go to be do this much typing i would recommend a full size keyboard . but if you be use you pc or laptop as the core of you entertainment center , this remote be perfect . i purchase this remote since we be do away with cable and use broadband and a digital antenna for tv viewing . this be save we 75.00 \/ mo. . next be a tv tuner card so we can use windows media center to replace we dvr . but i digress . now for the good and a little bad : 1 . worked right after charge it up and plug the usb receiver in my windows 7 laptop . i usually use this device 6 to 10 foot away . but for this sentance i be stand 18 foot back . so this have excellent range . 2 . very simple to use . we 6 year old use it to navigate pbskids.org . the mouse pad and keyboard be very responsive . however , it be a little more difficult than text with the touchpad on the right . i have to stretch a little more with my right thumb . 3 . the audio control work well with itunes . mute , volume , pause and play work perfectly . although the next track and previous seem to operate backwards . this be not a big issue for i since i usually start a playlist then walk away . 4 . the size be great . smaller than the rest of my remote , but large enough to see and type with . the key be larger than any smartphone i have use . i do not like that you have to hold shift + a letter to get a single cap though . i would rather hit shift then a letter for a cap like a smartphone . the backlight be invaluable . i have only have this a couple of day so i really can not address battery life or durability . i be go to see how long this work on a single charge and then update this review . right now i can highly recommend this remote . one minor glitch while proofing my review , the cursor stop respond . reset the receiver fix it and now i can finish . one add bonus for cat owner be the build in laser pointer . we cat love it . update 2011\/12\/27 - battery life be pretty good . i notice the mouse be not as responsive after 5 day . this coincide with the low battery indicator blinking . even though it be only five day , it be still pretty good since i use this remote a lot more than a regular tv remote since we now facebook and browse various internet site use this remote . and one correction to item 3 in this review . this do not control the audio control in itunes . but rather the audio control on my netbook . control of these feature may vary with you device .
307	Keyboard	POS	5	the saitek eclipse ii be a wonderful keyboard in use both day and night . of course , one get it for it be light capability and in this case it excel quite nicely ! i have no idea what some of the earlier review be talk about when they say it be not bright enough ... be you kid i ??? how bright do you need it ? red and purple be more than adequate and blue be slightly lower in brightness quality ; however not enough to diminish it be effectiveness . very quick and springy keyboard touch ; have increase my wpm dramatically ! i like it be simplicity and i be quite glad it be not clutter up with the unnecessary key and shortcut tab of other keyboard . only minor annoyance be that the key be slightly smaller and closer together than a standard keyboard , but i get use it it right away ... quite frankly , i do not think you can go wrong with this keyboard and would get it again .
501	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard have prove so far to be a real solid keyboard ! the backlighting could be a little brighter , and the key be a little stiff , but overall it be good quality . if you be plan on buy it , i have read where people be have problem with not be able to boot the computer if this keyboard be plug in . read a little more and find that you have to update you bio . i do before it be even deliver , and i have not experience any problem .
250	Keyboard	POS	5	logitech revue be possibly the most under-rated internet tv box out there . \* easy to setup , take 15-20 minute . do not require any more hdmi\/optical port than you already have in you tv\/av receiver . \* bring internet connectivity to any tv with a hdmus input . surf the web , watch video , tune in to internet radio , etc. . \* controls you tv , stb -lrb- i have directv hr20 -rrb- , and av receiver seamlessly , just like a harmony remote . a ir blaster be include so you do not have to point the keyboard controller at the box all the time . \* iphone\/android app as a second remote be available -lrb- free -rrb- for you mobile phone . hopefully they will make a ipad specific version soon . \* include keyboard be great with built-in touchpad . and it include a unifying receiver if you prefer to add a logitech wireless mouse . \* now watch thousand of tv show and movie with amazon instant streaming for free if you have amazon prime ! picture quality be great and amazon 's free streaming collection be grow fast ! \* hookup you logitech webcam for video chat via the usb port . \* best of all , with a new google tv software update -lrb- hopefully soon -rrb- you will have the new android os and app market available to you . the only problem with this box be that it be too expensive . but now at $ 99 with the new price-drop , it be a steal ! do not wait , this will sell out soon at this price -lrb- already backorder at bestbuy -rrb- .
410	Keyboard	POS	5	love the weight of the key . it be a sleek , basic look . own the product for three week . mouse be a little bulkier than i would like and scroll be not as smooth as most mouse . perfect for my need and budget
754	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard itself be beautiful , and there have be no issue with mine so far . that be say , one need to treat the keyboard with care , as a well-executed knee chop by a 2nd grader will probably snap the entire thing in two . it be fairly well construct , but it be not mean to take much stress or abuse . stack heavy object on top be not advisable . i actually buy this keyboard to use on my macbook run windows 7 64 bit through bootcamp , and i must say that this keyboard work extremely well . it be a bit of a challenge get the keyboard to work the way you want it on windows , but if you download all the necessary driver assume this one operate on the same driver and software as the windows version , you 'll be able to have you cake and eat it , too . the process take some time , as well as trial and error -lrb- the keyboard be not exactly mean to be use on windows -rrb- , but for those of you wonder , it will work just fine without any 3rd party application . the lack of dedicated num lock and scroll lock key be annoying , though shortcut be available online for you to see . num lock be , for example , shift + clear , but the lack of this key be hardly something to complain about . the worst feature be that the fn key be where print screen should be , and be fairly annoying to use . besides that , typing be not really a pain . people have complain about the lack of a cap lock indicator , but at least on windows 7 , you get a notifaction on the screen regard whether or not you have just enable or disabled cap lock . this be not really a solution , but it do lessen the severity of the issue . strangely , on macos , 10.6 . x , my logitech software could not detect my keyboard as to allow i to make modification to my keyboard setting . in the end , i could not exactly figure out the reason , so i leave it alone , but it be something to beware of . overall , i be highly satisfy with the actual product .
581	Keyboard	POS	5	great price , great little keyboard , light up nice work well and come package nicely . no complaint here , actually buy 6 of they !
225	Keyboard	POS	5	love the keyboard , the mouse feel great - only complaint be it be very sensitive and i have not be able to tone it down for regular use . works good , great bundle , take only one usb port ! and be a great price .
912	Keyboard	POS	5	i absolutely love this keyboard cover . its so easy to apply -lrb- it kinda of snap on -rrb- and keep my key clean ! it do not effect my ability to type at all and the color give my computer a fun touch ! i have a purple cover , and i could not be more pleased with my purchase ! i would definitely recommend this product to my friend and will buy more color in the future !
896	Keyboard	POS	5	the affectionalety nickname `` blue cube '' ps\/2 to usb active adapter be the best keyboard adapter for any computer without ps\/2 port . i have a unicomp customizer keyboard -lrb- a ibm model m clone -rrb- . i recently buy a newer amiga computer . that be right , i say amiga . the sam460ex amiga have no ps\/2 port , have only usb . i want to use the unicomp customizer with the sam460ex . be a new model computer , the amigao driver support have not yet catch up with the hardware , with several user complain about keyboard and mouse problem whilst use the ehcus driver . while i have use the `` blue cube , '' i have have no keyboard problem even with beta version ehcus driver . it be the best ps\/2 keyboard to usb adapter available . i have only one disclaimer : this be a keyboard only adapter . as a keyboard adapter , it be the best ; however , it will not work with mouse .
622	Keyboard	POS	4	because of brief experience with microsoft ergonomic keyboard , i intend to order the cordless itouch -lrb- nonergonomic -rrb- instead of this ; however this be the only one in stock and i end up get this one ... the keyboard be really nice . as another reviewer mention , the slope of the key feel much more natural than the microsoft . however , i have to disagree with the previous reviewer about the layout of the home\/end\/etc key . if the key have to be in a vertical layout , this layout make much more sense than the microsoft 's - microsoft arrange the key in a seemingly random order , while logitech leave most of the key in they standard place . . -lrb- insert\/delete and page up\/down be where you would expect -rrb- the cordless mouse be also far superior to microsoft 's - the movement be much smoother and more responsive . i have to take off one star for 1 -rrb- the `` logitech '' key seem to randomly think it be press once in awhile and pop up a annoying help page ; 2 -rrb- when i play some game , in order to get a decent response time from the keyboard i always have to press the `` connnect '' button after every reboot both of these problem be probably driver\/software problem , but they be annoy
177	Keyboard	POS	5	i be nervous at first buy the logitech revue . but i figure why not , let 's give the device a try . now i be seriously loving this little device . take about 5 minute to hook up . connect my external 1tb hard drive , sign in my netflix and amazon prime account . very cool hardware , very well build . everyone seem to be complain about the lack of update , i do not know what they be try to do with the device , but i be have a great experience without the update . everything play well , even the youtube video . everything play well be base on you internet speed . i use the wire connection , cause i hate the speed of wi-fus . use my ipod touch as a remote be sweeeeet ! controls the box and the tv . only complaint be that when i run my xbox 360 through the box it have lag time in controller response while play call of duty : modern warfare 3 online . wish i could run the 360 through the box as well but that be fine . overall a great experience . if i have two tv be in the house i would buy another one : -rrb- i can not wait for the update that will upgrade the user interface and add service , but i will enjoy my little box in the meantime .
467	Keyboard	POS	4	i like this keyboard a lot it work well and even though i do not think i would use the extra programmable key i do sometimes . the problem be that i sometimes hit the back and forward key when it would be better not to . mostly it be my fault but i think the could have be place better . the last microsoft natural keyboard i have have a screw up arrow keypad and that be why i buy this one to replace it . i be use to the standard keyboard configuration . i like this keyboard because it be standard for the most part with a few extra . this time they do not change the basic setup they just add to it .
154	Keyboard	POS	5	the item be great , it work especially well in poorly light area ! the back light keyboard have be the best i have see and i highly recommend
593	Keyboard	POS	4	this cover fit perfectly . it be not hard to type with it on either , oftentimes i forget that it be there ! the only drawback be that you can not see the key light up under the cover . this make it especially hard to type at night in the dark . but other than that it be excellent and do its job .
768	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this little product ! look great on the macbook pro and be really just like the keyboard , but keep my cat 's hair from get in the key . great feel , i do not notice any problem with typing . great price too ! ship quickly . thanks !
309	Keyboard	POS	5	i be not sure whether i just get use to this keyboard , but it have really grow on i to the point that i actually prefer its feel to some of the more expensive one . solid , no frill , with decent feel on the key ... at least for my liking .
482	Keyboard	POS	5	i get a new lenovo thinkpad x201 with docking station to replace my old corporate rig , and alas there be no place for a serial keyboard -lrb- dinosaur -rrb- , so i need a usb keyboard . this keyboard look like it fit the bill , and since i also already have a nice logitech wireless keyboard\/mouse setup for my home system , i think i would give this keyboard a try too . it work perfectly , install automatically in windows 7 . it be very comfortable to type on -lrb- fast -rrb- , and have really nice no-slip rubber foot on the bottom . you literally can not go wrong with this as a good basic keyboard .
938	Keyboard	POS	5	i search this keyboard out . these be the type that we use at work and be the most basic keyboard . if you like you keyboard `` plain jane '' , then this be for you . my three kid give this a workout and no problem yet .
392	Keyboard	POS	5	the product work well but not so in love with the industrial design compare to higher end logitech gaming product .
615	Keyboard	POS	5	we need a compact keyboard for a limited-width keyboard tray for we secondary pc we use mostly for pc gaming . it work great and give we the room we need to place we mouse on the keyboard tray as well , a welcome improvement ! the keyboard be similar to a smaller laptop keyboard but work beautifully for that which be be intend .
457	Keyboard	POS	4	have not use it yet but the feel and look of it look great . ca not wait to use it in class .
315	Keyboard	POS	4	have be use this keyboard for few day and so far really happy with it . it be simple , no extra button to clutter the keyboard , key be of a comfortable height . a bit quieter than a regular keyboard maybe , but it be louder than i expect after have read the review . a couple of thing i wish be different in this otherwise perfect keyboard : - the font on the key kind of bother i , the letter be bold and too round - this give a comic sans-y feeling which i think do not look very good . - the top row start with the esc key be a bit shift to the right compare to the bottom row . it be not too hard to reach the key after you get use to it , but it be significantly harder to do button combination like alt-f4 and ctrl-f4 , compare to other keyboard .
184	Keyboard	POS	4	i use my keyboard most day for between 6 and 12 hour , sometimes longer , and this keyboard be the best that i have use on a computer . it give positive tactile feedback without be really click-y . it be quiet without the key be mushy . in short , it be a really good keyboard , and great for the money . i buy this one to replace my previous one -lrb- the cat dump my glass of water over it -rrb- , and after use another keyboard for a few month . the other keyboard never feel right or good ; this keyboard , conversely , just `` feel right . '' the initial natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 i purchase a few year ago replace the original putty-colored microsoft natural keyboard i have use since 1996 . 10 year be about the most anyone can ask of a keyboard , but have i not want to change over to a native usb connection , i would likely still be use it . this keyboard be nearly perfect , save one annoyance : the space bar . there be instruction and video that describe re-bend the metal bar under the space bar to make it more even , which i think would help . all in all , i do not think you can go wrong with the natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 .
475	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a fabulous product !! i be in the market for a new mouse and keyboard and do love good design . what sell i on the product be the fabulous review . everyone be right on the money . this be a easy product to install , it be virtually plug and play and contrary to the other review , it not have a usb ready port make it more compatible with old pentium 1 's that be kick around . i would recommend this highly to anyone , and i will be purchase one for my sig . other .
641	Keyboard	POS	5	this product really do not leave anything else to be desire . it fit the keyboard on my 2010 macbook pro perfectly and look great to boot . it sit flush to the key and play between key non-existant . this cover also give the key more of a texturized feel , which be a good change from the glossy stock key .
354	Keyboard	POS	5	after read all the review , i be afraid googe tv would not be a good purchase . now that i have be use it for a few day , i think the people who give it less than 3 star either get a defective unit or they be employee of apple , roku , or some other competitor . i be use the logitech revue with this config : vizio hdtv htmi flat panel 720p pioneer av receiver at&t; uverse . i power on the revue , it download and install a update . no issue . the revue then ask for model number of my component , i enter they use the wireless keyboard and everything just work . the revue be silent ... no fan noise for i . netflix be awesome . hd movie look amazing . way better than my uverse picture . no more watch movie on the laptop . surf the web be awesome . even site with flash work great . podcast be disappointing for i . i be use to download they to my iphone 4 where i can easily skip commercial . skip forward in streaming content require rebuffer . so , i 'll stick with the iphone for podcast . the wireless keyboard be awesome . controls my pioneer volume , my at&t; dvr just work . it be even beter than before since the revue resize the content to fit my tv better , the sound from the revue to my stereo sound great to i . my disappointment include : wish there be more app . . but that be ok for now . not the reason i buy it . wish it have more hdmus input to plug in my dvd and blue ray player and a svga input for my ps2 . hulu be block - they should be ashamed of themselves . i can view hulu on the laptop next to my tv , but not on my tv . i will not be use hulu even if they work out a deal with google . i recommend everyone boycot hulu . no way to power off my tv from the remote . . what be they think ? bottom line if you do not already own a harmony remote , this purchase be a no brainer if you have a hdmus capable tv and internet . if you do have a harmany remote , you may want to wait for the price to drop a bit . but for the value ... i would go ahead and get it . it be hot ! disclaimer : i have get no affiliation with google , logitech , apple , amazon , roku , etc just a consumer whose really happy with this purchase . update : nov 7 , 2010 - i be still really loving google tv . find the logitech android app that use dlna to connect to window 7 . it allow i to listen to all my mp3 -lrb- and see album artwork -rrb- i buy for my iphone , play video , and view my picture library on my tv ! i be play they wirelessly from a windows 7 vm , to my stereo via this cool android app . works well with at&t; uverse . i search for news . it find a station on at&t; uverse , it use the remote to type in the channel , and instantly i be watch news . so somehow it know the guide for uverse , and know how to control the uverse set top box to change channel for i . really nice . download the iphone app . with a single button press it turn on my tv , uverse box , and stereo . it also have control for every option on my tv\/uverse\/stereo . the harmony remote integration be really nice . the rf keyboard and wi-fi iphone app mean i dont have to position my box line-of-sight any more . i use to have problem switch channel with crappy ir remote . the netflix app work really well . the only time i see buffer be on night when netflix get overwhelm . a speed test from my google tv chrome browser get 10mb , the same thing my mac book pro get . so the revue wireless be work well with my linksys router . ca not wait to see the new feature from the next on-air-update . this be go to get even better when goggle update the netflix player , add more app , etc. .
725	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a must have if you be use to typing on a new apple keyboard . it be really help improve my typing on my new m pc .
536	Keyboard	POS	5	very please with everything about keyboard and mouse . only thing miss be the back button on the mouse , which come in handy . no problem hook up , and be quiet and have a light touch . this be really a bargain , and i would highly recommend it .
758	Keyboard	POS	4	standard keyboard with wireless capability and great ilumination . the finish be great , have a transparent acrylic edge around . the key be round in the corner and have a nice touch , not as good as the razer lycosa but very nice anyway . the big point here be the iluminate that be great , not dim like the razer or even the g19 , both that i own . the negative point here be the battery life , which be very short , i end use it cordeed all the time . also it forget the light level and bring back it to lower all the time , i need to keep bring it back to full which be kind of a nuisance .
541	Keyboard	POS	5	it be absolutely wonderful gadget . i could not take a view of the big keyboard sit right in a front of the entertainment center . this be not a useless toy !
996	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this product . make typing on the ipad so much easier . it be true that have it in portrait mode all the time be a little annoying and i wish the dock offer some kind of usb support but overall this be a great product .
574	Keyboard	POS	5	this item be awesome , and a great deal . my friend think this be the coolest way to surf the web on the big screen . i have no idea i would enjoy it so much . not a single problem . it tweak out a little when the battery get low , but it last for day on a single charge . i would buy this again in a heartbeat .
390	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard take a short time to get use to with the change angle , but very quickly become second nature ! work as a medical transcriptionist i type a lot and this have help out dramatically with wrist discomfort : -rrb-
436	Keyboard	POS	5	i use this product for my desktop . thank god for this i have less wire to deal with around my desk area . works great so far and easy to use . it be not a fancy product ... but ... great product for the price and work great !!
84	Keyboard	POS	4	there be nothing wrong with this keyboard . the key have what i would call , a geographic , tactile shape , so it give the user more clue as to what key they be on . since i cheat in my high school typing class , it do not help i so much . it be a nice keyboard if price be you 1st priority .
389	Keyboard	POS	5	short review : great ! long review : my two year old son rip 2 key off of my wife 's cq50-115nr , no big deal , then a few week later i leave the computer out and do not notice when he rip off about 15 more key . argh ! this be a life saver , because my wife be ane-gree . two word . i find this and ship it overnight -lrb- at 1 pm pst , thank god for amazon prime and product fulfil by amazon ! -rrb- , fix it yesterday when it come in . i have assemble the odd computer from part before , so i know a little , but man , i could have probably do this blindfold . great instruction in the other review . i will recap what i do below . i take out the battery , and indeed there be 3 screw with a little braille-like keyboard symbol that match the hole on the replacement keyboard . unscrewed those , turn over . the upper part of the keyboard lift up , only go a couple of inch , then you slide it gently towards the screen to release it from the lower pivot point . the keyboard be still attach by the ribbon cable . you use a small straight screwdriver -lrb- or a single tine from a fork if you be desperate -rrb- to push the white lever thing towards the screen allow the ribbon cable to easily slide out . do not force the ribbon cable , if it stick then you do not unlock the white thing on both side . there should be no force involve in remove or attach the cable , only slight force when lock or unlock the white lever . i insert the cable and push the white lever back down away from the screen lock the ribbon cable in , drop the keyboard in . i do push the keyboard down when screw it back in as the screw be small and would not catch . i replace the battery , turn on , and all they key work great . wifey be very , very pleased , which please i , and i be now out of the dog house . one possible criticism , another person be say the key pop off , view from the side the key do appear slightly higher than before and be not quite flush with the computer , if it happen i 'll try to update my review . i be retain the remains of the previous keyboard for spare part in case this do happen -lrb- hopefully they fit -rrb- . now there be maybe a dozen keyboard available on amazon , most probably cheaper than this one . why do i choose this one . because of the review ! this one fit precisely , look and feel oem to i . i can only imagine how badly my wife would have react if i have get a cheapo one that do not fit . if it be my computer , i might have go with a cheapo one and take my chance , but my wife deserve the best . worth every penny !
206	Keyboard	POS	4	i want to get a new keyboard to replace my dell -lrb- which have several science project fester below the key -rrb- , and spend a long time at fry 's go testing out the various keyboard . i initially bring home a logitech and decide that the letter on the key be too small-and my wife do not like it . then a couple of other feel pretty good to type on , but they turn out to be upward of $ 50 , chock full of button and nobbie thingy ... i just want a simple keyboard . i have try the comfort curve before but i be look for something similar to my old keyboard , with the tall key and tactile feel . but after i return the logitech i try this one again and find that it feel pretty good , and `` natural '' , and not like those split kb . as other have say , its curviture and gradient size button be set up to match the natural position of you hand ; and i find that i type faster with it . the key be half the hight -lrb- or a squinch more -rrb- of the typical kb , and that with the placement of the key allow you finger to type without shift you hand or fingers-which i find myself do at time . it be almost like pretend typing , where you mimic typing , drum you finger on a table top . like a previous reviewer mention , while this keyboard be very quiet the space bar can be rather annoy with the sound it make . like that reviewer , once i pry off the shift key there be a metal wire about the size of a paper clip that be not lock on to the space bar itself . once i do this and pop the key back on , the key noise be greatly dull . of course i be write this review on this keyboard as i `` speak '' , and it be very comfortable . i highly recommend this - $ 19\/at fry 's - keyboard . buy it and try it , if after a day or two you do not like it -lrb- which i doubt -rrb- , just return it .
635	Keyboard	POS	4	i have not use it as much as i could , but it have do exactly what i expect . i connect it to my vizio vtab108 easily . i type something on evernote and on dolphin browser . feel a bit weak but the key respond well .
294	Keyboard	POS	5	this be one of the few usb to ps\/2 adapter that work with cybex \/ avocent kvm switch without skip , multiple entry or lack of power draw from the keyboard ps\/2 input . the cable be thinner than the older version of the same model from iogear but i have not see any degradation of performance .
995	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard be ment for child . adult may find it hard to use . however , my child get a kick out of the wonderful color . my suggestion would be to have it hook up for you child then just plug in yours when yu want to use it . i find it durable and great for baby and toddler . my six month old love to just bang on the key . then it wont ruin my keyboard .
617	Keyboard	POS	5	this be my second microsoft natural elite keyboard . the first one i have meet a untimely death when i accidentally dump a cup of coffee into it after 10 year of faithful service . the new keyboard have a even nicer touch , and the black color now match the rest of my computer component . the keyboard seem almost as if it be custom design for my hand , as my hand `` naturally '' fall into position above the key . i love the windows key shortcut , which be a plus with all microsoft keyboard , but i find a new undocumented feature , and a nifty one at that : the space bar function as a page down key , as well as page up when use in combination with the shift key . i be not sure if the older keyboard have this function as well . a nice add touch be that with the include adapter , you can use it with either a ps\/2 or usb port . i use the ps\/2 port to save the usb port on my computer for other use . amazon 's price on this be the best i could find , and be a prime member , i receive it in 2 day , shipping include . great design , great quality , great price .
62	Keyboard	POS	4	need a compact keyboard for a tight space and this be perfect . cheap also . good typing feel . that be about all i can say .
734	Keyboard	POS	5	most desktop keyboard in the market have mushy key with poor tactile feedback . that be one reason people pay outrageous amount for old ibm minus keyboard with the clicky key in the use market . this keyboard come close to the famous ibm keyboard that be no longer make in tactile feedback . it be the same size as a laptop keyboard , but have better feel than most laptop keyboard . other than a bit of a unusual layout due to the unconventional placement of the home , end , delete , page up and page down key , this keyboard be darn near perfect , and well worth the price . i read other user ' claim that this keyboard have great feedback , but i do not believe it at first . now i be a believer .
750	Keyboard	POS	5	i use a mac and i like ergo keyboard . unfortunately , apple do not make any ergo keyboard . this m keyboard be one of the few pc keyboard out there that also have the apple logo on the box - mac be fully support and the include cd contain driver for the mac . installation be easy and all the special key work right out of the box . i be not a big fan of special key but now i find myself use volume up\/down and play\/pause button which work seamlessly with itunes . there be five shortcut key label 1-5 across the top . you can set these up to launch five of you frequently use application . these provide mac-like simplicity in the setup - you simply push the key and it give you a dialog box where you can browse and select the application you want to assign to the key . once that be do , press the key launch the application . to change application , there be a ` star ' key that pop up the key setting dialog box for all 5 key . you can also reprogram the other special key -lrb- e.g. volume up\/down , calculator , home , search , mute etc. -rrb- if you want . the zoom function -lrb- a two way ` slide key ' you can push up or down -rrb- , located right in the middle of the keyboard , be pretty useful too . it work great with web page , let i quickly make the font bigger or smaller . it also work with iphoto -lrb- let i zoom into and out of picture -rrb- and many other app . the wrist pad be non-detachable but it blend in nicely with rest of the keyboard . it be also build with a high quality material -lrb- not the cheap rubbery stuff that make the wrist sweat -rrb- . they key themselves have a good typing feel to they - they be not soft or tinny but pretty well-defined - just the kind i like . definitely try it out since in the end that be the feature you 'll use the most : -rrb- . key-press feel be a matter of preference and i have buy keyboard -lrb- adesso ergo for mac come to mind -rrb- that i just could not use . couple of thing to remember when use on a mac - the command , option and control key -lrb- mac terminology -rrb- be label the pc-way -lrb- i.e. alt , ctrl etc. -rrb- . there be no cd-eject button , but i set-up the ` home ' key in the top left corner to eject the cd . also , watch out for the ' f lock ' key next the f1-f12 function key - it be a toggle key that change the function of f1-f12 .
183	Keyboard	POS	5	i think those ergonomic keyboard be just gimmick by the manufacturer , but when i need a external keyboard for my laptop , i decide to try one of those . at $ 15 , this keyboard do not cost too much above the regular cheap one , so i guess why not try this comfort keyboard . turn out this keyboard be really comfortable ! i do not realize it until i use this keyboard , but on normal straight keyboard , we wrist be actually force to bend a little bit , and this keyboard eliminate that problem . no more strain after hour of write term papers . there be a short learning curve , perhaps 2-3 day , to get use to the different feel of the key ' layout . this keyboard also increase typing speed , especially if you be a touch typist . the increase be pretty significant , sometimes i have press the next button before i lift my finger off the shift key , so my capitalize word look like this . i be use to the amount of time require to press shift button in normal keyboard , so that take i a while to get use to . some shortcut button on top of the keyboard be pretty useful , and no installation whatsoever be require to enjoy those button . the one that i use the most be back\/forward for browse , and volume up\/down\/mute . there be also a handy calculator button above the number pad on the right , which be also very helpful . overall , for $ 15 , this be a excellent purchase . highly recommend for people who earn they living by typing for hour at a time .
301	Keyboard	POS	5	okay i have be use this for about 3 week , and here be a update review : i have a friend with the ir version , and after use he for a bit , and loving little gadget , i get my this bluetooth version for my to-be -lrb- now realize -rrb- htpc . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the good : come with a bluetooth 2.0 dongle . pair without fuss . excellent battery life . backlight . great button travel and feel . -lrb- for the size -rrb- mousepad work well . good range . -lrb- line of sight -rrb- fit in pocket . `` la-ser '' pointer to play with pet . can use while charge . charge quickly . good price . no software require . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the bad : strange placement of some key - not unlike some laptop . no f9-f12 key . -lrb- which i only realize after a week of use . . tell ya how much i need they . only one shift key . range stay good , but connection falter quickly if anything be block signal . mousepad kinda get in the way of quick thumb-typing . -lrb- but then , where else could they put it ? mousepad detect not as touchpad by os . no scroll-wheel function . no software for extra configuration . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- use this on and htpc with windows 7 ultimate 64bit . quad-core , 8gb ram , yada yada . while the line of sight range be about 20 foot , if anything get in the way , the signal break up break up pretty quickly . i have mount mine on the wall above the television , so it be always in range when i need it . if you be look to hide it inside a case , this be not for you . if you stay within 5 foot , then block it be fine , but not a realistic option for a living room . the official bluetooth range be tote as 10m , or 30 foot . i have never see a single bt device reach this range and stay reliable . this device be no exception . that be say , i can still use it from my kitchen - past the couch , table , and some step . i have be use it while set up the fine matter of my htpc , so i have be use it for about 2-5 hour a day while watch , typing , mousing , typing more , and set up xbmc and i have yet to charge it . i have use the backlight -lrb- which can be turn on and off -rrb- for about 1\/3 of the time . plus lot of harass the weinerdog with the laser pointer , which be very bright and have fantastic range . while i be not a teen-aged girl , i be not too comfortable with thumb-typing , but i have quickly become adept at typing with this thing , even though have the mousepad on the right side make it less than ergonomic . i have even start to type without look . my only real beef with the typing action be that there be only a single shift button on the left side , so enter a capital a , w , s , etc. , be a little weird . at first , i woudl hit teh bt pair key wheil blindly hunting for the esc button , but i break myself of that habit . i refer to it as a mousepad because while it look and act like a touchpad , windows 7 detect it as a regular mouse , so you lose some of win 7 's touchpad function , like edge cruise , and can not be configure separate from a regular mouse . but the mouse action be very easy to use , it have tap-to-click -lrb- which need a super-light touch -rrb- , and the mouse button placement be good . there be a easy to use page up\/down , but there be no mousewheel-scroll . the cursor key be located between the two mouse button . use the `` fn '' -lrb- like a additional alt\/shift\/ctrl , e.i. modifier -rrb- key , you can utilize many other function and key , such as : media key , backlight , page up\/down , mousepad orientation , windows key , delete -lrb- same key as backspace -rrb- . it have indicator light for bluetooth connection , signal activity , capslock , and charge status . after turn on , it re-pair in about 3 seconds . i do not think it ever go to sleep . it can not pull a computer out of sleep but that be because bluetooth do not remain active during sleep . however , the ir version can pull a computer out of sleep mode . the charge cable split off another female usb , so you win ; t lose a usb port when you charge it . use a somewhat-common usb end . i can also charge my cellphone-telephone with it . oh yes . . the disc that come with it contain java \/ . si install file for symbian\/android\/gayphone . i have a nokia that run symbian 6.0 , and it paired easily and work pretty well . though i really see no need to sue this with a phone unless you use you phone as a media player connect to a distant display . since i first peruse the other review on this , i have see many very negative review show up on this page . perhaps amazon get access to a bad batch . i get mine from a 3rd party - ce media . this be 100 % worth the purchase , and i be very impressed with it . no regret , whatsoever . and be a big tech nerd , i be fairly fussy about device functionality . update : use this pretty much every day , for about a month , i finally have to charge it . only take 28 minute . still very ahppy with it .
440	Keyboard	POS	4	work with max 4 simultaneous key press in counter-strike source . recommend for gaming . w+shift+space which be duck jump in source work flawlessly . keyboard be lightweight but do not move around due to excellent rubber foot . key be laptop style slim form factor . useful function key . logitech claim 3 year battery life on normal usage . this keyboard seem to be a winner ! highly recommend .
346	Keyboard	POS	5	this be one awesome keyboard . nice and compact . it would fit into most computer bag . the key respond well and be very smooth . the keyboard itself be solidly build . i be very pleased and consider the purchase of another just to have in case they stop make they , which would be a shame .
394	Keyboard	POS	5	this be easy to use and work well . i literally take the keyboard out of the box , insert the transceiver -lrb- which have a storage spot on the back of the keyboard -rrb- into a usb port on my computer , insert two aaa battery that be include into the keyboard and the keyboard start work . the keyboard be approximately 13 inch by six inch . this give i much more flexibility when i be work at my desk and have a bunch of papers in front of i . i can move the keyboard around my desk with ease . my only complaint be that the keyboard do not have little pullout leg that allow it to be raise at a angle . if i be rest the keyboard on my lap it be not a big deal but i be usually work at a desk and i be use to a keyboard at a angle . this be a great product at a good price . i do with be could be raise at a angle though .
701	Keyboard	POS	5	the keyboard and mouse be very easy to install . the software make it easier to customize the keyboard and mouse . the product come with many feature
422	Keyboard	POS	4	really amazing keyboard -- the typing be just perfect , and so be the way it fold . battery life be also simple and great . this keyboard make it possible to write papers and proposal on my pocket pc while i travel . since my laptop die , i decide to just use my pocket pc for this purpose instead . i buy this keyboard and a mouse , take it on the road for a week and it work fine . it be great to travel so light -lrb- you really do feel a lot lighter compare to even a ibook -rrb- . ergonomically it be quite comfortable for i to type on this keyboard and use a mouse while look at the pocket pc screen on the stand . the only downside in that respect be that you can not see too much text at once on screen , so i feel the need to make printout of my document -lrb- at hotel business center etc. -rrb- a little more often than i normally would with a laptop , to review the draft i be work on `` as a whole '' . there be a few caveat to be aware of if you be contemplate a pda with this keyboard as a replacement for a laptop , because the result setup be miss a few thing that one take for grant with a laptop : - i need the mouse too . it be too hard to stop typing on the keyboard and pick up the stylus , and although there be keyboard shortcut for many thing , at least in a week i could not get the hang of they . stowaway 's bluetooth mouse work perfectly for this , and be a great product also . because the whole setup be so compact , i could even use it with the mouse on a airplane tray table in coach , where normally a mouse will not fit next to a laptop ; on the plane this setup feel - more - comfortable than a laptop to i . - because the built-in stand be necessary -lrb- you can not very well hold the pda while you type , plus the ir transmitter be attach to the stand -rrb- , you can only put you pda in certain position : -- in portrait orientation , the position of the pda 's power connector at the bottom of the pda prevent you from charge the pda while you type -- which can be a problem since , although keyboard battery life be great , the pda run out of juice after a couple hour if you be use it like you would use a laptop -lrb- typing , mousing , listen to music at the same time , etc -rrb- . plus , if you have a extended battery pack for you pda , the extra protrusion in back prevent the pda from seat securely in the stand , although it could kind of rest on it if i be not in a bumpy environment like a train or plane . as a result , for i when my standard battery pack would run out , thing would get a little sketchy . -- landscape orientation be possible , but only in one direction not the other -lrb- due to the location of the stowaway 's ir transmitter -rrb- . on my pda that orientation on the stand prevent i from use headphone -lrb- because the jack wind up on the bottom -rrb- . i could charge the pda while it be in this position , but the protrusion of the charge connector to the right again make the pda rest insecurely on the stand , at a weird angle . - this detail do not really bother i but figure i would mention it . this keyboard , i think unlike the bluetooth version from the same manufacturer , need to be use on a rigid tabletop -lrb- not you lap -rrb- . otherwise , the keyboard fold back into a `` v '' under the weight of you hand . basically , it be perfectly solid in a hotel , on a airplane , on a amtrak , but do not expect to use this setup on a commuter train with no tray table ! but i can not really imagine how you would arrange the pda to look at it comfortably without a tabletop anyway . so , while everything work great technically and even ergonomically , beware of unexpected physical constraint . after i get back from my first trip , i decide to return this keyboard and order the bluetooth version , which communicate with the pda via radio rather than invisible light , and which be also compatible with my pda . i be wait for it to arrive . since the mouse be bluetooth , i figure it make sense to get the bluetooth version of the keyboard as well . maybe it will lengthen battery life on my pda a little since bluetooth need to be activate to use the mouse anyway , and now i can turn off the pda 's infrared sensor . and i be hope that the stand for the bluetooth version will be more flexible since there be no need for a line-of-sight ir transmitter . fyi , my pda be a dell axim x30 with bluetooth .
609	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a great keyboard with only a couple minor flaw . the hotkey be awesome once ya get use to they however i sometimes nick one and open soemthing i didnt want to open . the media control be a good idea but poorly execute . the volume be not a smooth change , instead it actually be about 20 different volume , so as you turn it up there be sharp change in the sound . also the best sound i have find be generally in between the one you can select so i end up use my volume control on my head phone rather than the keyboard . the depth of the keyboard be pretty deep too , if i have it at a angle , the corner hang off of my desk .
718	Keyboard	POS	4	the color do not match the picture , it be darker , but i like it . the only problem i do not like be that the letter , number and such on the skin do not align properly with the letter , number , etc on the keyboard for my macbook pro , so each key look like the number , letter , symbol etc be double on to the skin . if the key match up the way it should i would have rate this 5 out of 5 star .
317	Keyboard	POS	4	this work really great on my mac book . it be really necessary to prevent those white key from get dirty and to keep out crumbs\/dust . i type so much that six month later , the color on some of the most frequently use key be start to wear off , but it still work fine . it be not so much purple as it be bright pinkish-purple .
236	Keyboard	POS	5	we buy dozen of these for the school 's lab and they be so popular that we end up cannibalize they for faculty and staff office . they smaller size make they ideal for tight situation . they be reliable , have a nice touch , and be the easiest keyboard i have find to clean . i use a larger wireless logitech wave keyboard for my main computer but prefer this mini keyboard for smaller computer that i use less often . i have to buy my own , however , because the state-issued one keep get swipe for emergency office use . they can not have this one . what i would like but have not be able to find from a reputable dealer be a small transparent acrylic keyboard , ideally light up , possibly in some fluorescent color .
851	Keyboard	POS	5	plain and simple - work well and work instantly . the backlight be nice , but with the orangish back light and the orange text on the key - force i to get read glass -lrb- maybe it be time anyway -rrb- .
942	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase the ultimate keyboard at my local fry 's electronics store . unfourtunately it be a open box item and i despise that type of item but be the last one and i could not be bother to go to a different store . i open the item and check it closely for any scratch , ding , key broken\/mixed , etc. . it look as if it be not use . note the box look very use . prior history : i have look over many `` gaming keyboard '' produce by various company . the g11 by logitech look like it would suit my need and have alot of macro key as well . when i use it , it feel a bit cheap and i could not stand how far to the leave it extend as i miss my esc key alot due to it . aside from that the vengence by corsair be nice , i like the seperate color key , but it do not fit the aesthetics i want . i want a sleek keyboard , with loud click like 80 's style keyboard -lrb- as i really enjoy the sound -rrb- , backlit key , and macro key . there be a standard keyboard on sale that sound great , but no macro key : -lrb- currently : i have be use this keyboard for a little over 2 week , i have customize the key to fit my need -lrb- cap lock disabled and set for a ventrilo push to talk button . -rrb- macros to help my mmo need and repetitive datum entry need . as i normally work late at night the back light to the keyboard be very nice , and the clack of the key create a really nice audio sensation . the sound arent overpower but almost reassure you hit the right key with speed . i be able to double click the keye very quickly with little pressure which be perfect in the necessary game i play . the extra port on the side of the keyboard be perfect for quick access to my computer without go behind my machine . pro : audible clack upon press key backlit keyboard macro key reassignment\/disable\/program launch quick and interactive installation be quick and easy easy access port on side con : key may be to loud for other -lrb- not i -rrb- can not change the light color for certain game mode -lrb- g11 do -rrb- note : i have not check my space bar or any overlap of key , but i have not have a problem so far . i would reccomend this keyboard , and purchase it again , despite its steep cost .
678	Keyboard	POS	4	well , for the price , this be a nice , bare bone keyboard . it do type fairly quietly and have a nice tight feel to it , and the screen respond quickly to what be type . i do not give it 5 star because the letter on the key be start to fade . i will spend more money next time and -lrb- hopefully -rrb- get a keyboard that have better quality lettering .
78	Keyboard	POS	5	i receive it today and i like it so far ... they be perfectly fit in my keyboard so i do not have any problem about it ... i just expect the color would be more hot pink but its kinda light pink ... over all its fantastic and so cute ...
363	Keyboard	POS	5	really nice keyboard . . take a little bit of get use to the keyboard be split , but it be very nice . extremely fast delivery . i buy 6-7 item at one time and this package come first : -rrb- very happy
981	Keyboard	POS	5	in my as yet uncaffeinated state , i be sit at my keyboard shake my morning bottle of frappucino . unfortunately , i have forget -lrb- axon and dendrite be not fully functional without caffeine -rrb- that i have already loosen the lid . so , there be that sticky liquid all over the keyboard - which then stick like , well , sticky coffeed key . this necessitate a new keyboard . i get this one and i be so happy that the frappucino fracas happen ! it just feel better and let i type better than the one that come with my cow -lrb- gateway system . -rrb- my thanks to starbucks and billy gates ! \/ tundravision , amazon reviewer
551	Keyboard	POS	5	got here quicker than the estimate time , it fit my white macbook nicely -lrb- 13 inch -rrb- , feel nice to the touch , and it prevent a bunch of crap from get inside the key . what more do you need ?
503	Keyboard	POS	5	this be my very first logictech product and i would have to say that they have make a believer out of i . from the time i plug it in and install the software almost everything be customizable .  the best feature of the keyboard would have to be the labeling of some of the key . it help people who do not remember certain key combination such as control + c or control + p. i find this to be very helpful .  music lover would also love this keyboard for its addition of the volume wheel on top . there be almost nothing to complain about keyboard other than maybe the positioning of the naviwheel . i would rather have it position on the right side of the keyboard to replace the mouse wheel .  pro : great set of customizable key . label of certain key for shortcut . very comfortable with the removable wrist extension .  con : not every key can be customize to you liking .
658	Keyboard	POS	5	so . . what be there really to say ? it be a cheap -lrb- $ 20 -rrb- wireless keyboard make my logitech and come with free 2-day shipping via amazon prime . works well at 10ft and i really can not see myself use it any further away than that . i be very satisfied with this product and highly recommend it to other .
858	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard look great , and i love the feel of the key compare to most other keyboard . they be almost flat and require less effort and movement to press each key . the manually adjustable brightness on the key be a nice touch , as well as the built-in proximity sensor that only light the keyboard if you be near it . at first , i could not figure out how the automatic brightness be work . it do not seem to be work at all . but after read the `` get start '' guide , i realize that after you make a manual adjustment to the brightness that the automatic brightness feature will turn back on after 3 hour of inactivity or when you turn the keyboard off and then on again . i use my computer about 8-9 hour per day , and the battery be last about 4 day until i need to plug it back in to recharge . my biggest problem be that i forget to turn it off use the keyboard 's power switch to help conserve the battery . i think i be go to just drop the wire behind the desk and keep it plug in most of the time . it be nice that the keyboard itself have the led battery charge meter on it so you do not have to keep open the setpoint software to see what the approximate level be . in the past , i have be able to use exist logitech receiver any time i replace my keyboard or mouse -lrb- if i do not purchase both together -rrb- . but the new unifying receiver be only compatible with other unifying product . so currently , since i do not yet have a unifying mouse , i have two different receiver . not a big deal , but i think it be worth mention . you may want to pick up a compatible unifying mouse with this keyboard if you usb port be limit . this keyboard be stay on my desk . small issue aside , i can not help but give this one 5 star .
157	Keyboard	POS	5	30 day review - look great . charge quickly from any computer via usb-to-miniusb . perform absolutely wonderfully with my new ipad via bluetooth . it be quite thin and small , but i be a guy with big finger and i have no trouble with typing on this keyboard . it be very flat , and fit very neatly together with the ipad form , and come with a decent dust cover that keep eveythe tidy in my soft-sided briefcase . it be really the perfect size when you need a keyboard on the go - at the cafe , at lunch , etc. . i would not hesitiate to buy another one .
814	Keyboard	POS	5	for my white mac this be a perfect fit ! hard to snap on but when i finally get it ... perfect fit ! i be very excited and would refer everyone to this site and this prodect be awesome !
122	Keyboard	POS	4	i really like it , i would give it a high 5 if it would link to somewhere like android market with more application for download ...
176	Keyboard	POS	4	i really like this product . i be on the computer all day and be get a bit of soreness in my wrist so i buy this . it take a while to train you brain to type at the new angle , but you will get there . it be really enjoyable to use all day and i like how well it be hold up long term . i like it so much i get one for home as well . it also have some nice programable key which be very helpful for repetitive task . it be also fun to watch co-worker try and type on it ...
920	Keyboard	POS	5	fair warning , this keyboard be not for the point and peck typer . and the touch typer will be annoy for the first week or two until you get use to it . that be say , i have replace all of my keyboard with these . i actually carry one around in my laptop bag , and it do not exactly fit . why be i such a fanatic about it ? simply , i spend 8-14 hour a day on the computer . though i be very athletic , and have strong arm and hand from year of rock climbing , kayaking , and lift weight , all to fight off the typical computer jockey physique , at the end of a work day , my hand feel week and painful . i start use one of these as a last ditch effort to avoid go on disability . the simple fact be that i can type faster , longer , and far more comfortably on these then on any other keyboard i have ever use . no , it do not have a lot of bell and whistle . but i do not need they , or use they . if you can not do it with hot key , you do it wrong . this keyboard be not for casual user , if you want email button on you keyboard , move along , this be not the keyboard you be look for . if you type all day , and you hand , wrist , shoulder and neck be kill you , this be the keyboard for you . there be a learning curve , but trust i , if you be a touch typer , it be worth the effort to get use to they . you will never go back . i know i have not , and i have be use they for 15 year now . simply the best keyboard you will ever buy . now if m 's software be just as good we would really be get someplace .
618	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard be easy to use , light , compact and extremely portable . it slip easy into a compartment of my bag mean for papers . the key work fine , although they be just the typical clickity clack plastic feel and sound of most keyboard ... nothing like some of the best of the now distant past . perfectly functional , though . and good riddance to the 10 key section - all it ever do be keep the mouse farther away .
651	Keyboard	POS	5	i can not believe i be say this , but this keyboard be totally worth the money . a small tid bit : my das keyboard be the professional , silent model s. this simply mean that it use cherry mx brown switch instead of the blues . a little less clickity , clackity . the keyboard be a dream to type on . this thing be solid . it be not go anywhere . keyboard last a long time and most of we spend the better part of we day with they and yet we still neglect to get quality keyboard that be fun and more efficient to type on . as far as typing speed go ; it be only make i a slightly faster typist . this be only due to the fact that i make less mistake because it be easier to `` feel '' out the keyboard . i often mistroke when keyboard fail to recognize the order i hit the key in or if i simply get lose on the keyboard . my wpm right now be probably somewhere between 60-80 . i remember i use to be able to hit close to 100 when we have those keyboard test in school . but of course that be a completely different environment than you normal typing interaction . the comfort of the keyboard be great . it look professional . and yeah , it be a keyboard . if you actually care about one of the most important and overlook work resource then please consider get a nice keyboard like this one . they really be worth it when you consider the longevity of keyboard .
743	Keyboard	POS	5	great keyboard , even order a second one for another desktop . i be not a gamer and these keyboard be buy so i could see what i be typing without have load of light or night time work so for i the keyboard be comfortable , the key have a good touch and i like the choice of the 3 color of light , -lrb- blue-default , red , and purple , the red and purple be actually a little brighter -rrb- . all in all a good keyboard and the one i have have for well over a year without issue and the keyboard be use daily for several hour per day\/night .
994	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use the kinesis advantage for nearly two year . after a couple of week of adjustment to the contoured key , i switch to the dvorak layout . adjust to the dvorak layout take about a month , but during that time i still use a flat querty keyboard when i need to crank thing out for deadline . since then , i have enjoy efficient , accurate touch-type with much less hand strain . i would agree with one of the other reviewer that the function key be too flimsy . another sort-of complaint be that while you can remap the key , the key cap for the top , home , and bottom row have distinct shape , so move a key to a different row be somewhat awkward . i end up buy a set of x-keys replacement key cap -lrb- from p.i. engineering -rrb- which let you put you own legend in they . this work great for convert to dvorak . all in all , a great investment .
373	Keyboard	POS	5	the asus transformer case and cover be very sleek and soft . it complete the transformer combo create a stylish look .
602	Keyboard	POS	5	this thing take a bit of get use to , but the only flaw i can find be the placement of the single space key under the right thumb and the inability to adjust the angle on the keypad . i would rather have a second space key under the left thumb and move the backspace key someplace else , and be able to adjust the distance from each other and angle to each other of the two keypad . still , after just a few day , the weird , chronic pain in my elbow and forearm be begin to dissipate - which do not happen with the cheaper keyboard i have purchase over the year -- and the keyboard be begin to feel incredibly natural .
280	Keyboard	POS	5	my girlfriend want this for she macbook pro . she purchase a pink case on amazon as well and i think she would like this one and she be be want a keyboard cover . as soon as she get it , she love right away .
34	Keyboard	POS	5	the visor be a perfect thing to help you in school . it isespecially good for take note . but what if you be not that goodwith graffitus ? what if you writing be slow and you can not keep up withthe teacher ? that be why the stowaway exist . it be a full sizedkeyboard that fold up into a unit just larger than the visor . trustme , it be not just for student , anyone who need to write more than afew page a week will benefit from this . the stowaway be the bestportable keyboard i have ever use . it be rate for up to 7 millionstroke per key . which be plenty . i do not think that you will be usingthe same visor in 10 year , with the rapid increase of pda technology . it use the same key as the ibm thinkpads , but even compare to anylaptop i could get my hand on , i find the feel of it be unique in awonderful way . it might be that it use a special kind of key , sothat , no matter how you touch the key , it will go down in a parallelfashion , so that all key go down the same way . this be unlike thegotype keyboard , which use a different kind of key , that be cheaper , and do not go down evenly . it be amazing that it be full size , and yetcan still be as small as my visor . -lrb- actually , it be a tad bigger thanmy desktop keyboard ! -rrb- . i have try the gotype keyboard in store , butjust could not get use to the small key on it . the stowaway be a workof art ; it be even feature in a recent exhibit at the new yorkmuseum of modern art !  i use my stowaway everyday now , in school , at home , on the bus . -lrb- i be write this review on it right now ! -rrb- it ` samazingly simple . you unfold it , snap it together , bring out the standto hold the visor in , and then you plug the visor in . because of theinguinty in it , the stowaway win best design for a computer product , from pc magazine ; beat out the ipaq , and the apple g4 cube ! it be alittle hard to get use to , try rotate it in , one side first , andthan the other . turn you visor on , and you be ready . the angle inwhich the stowaway hold the visor be just perfect . it be easy to readand to use . it be actually so nice , i now read all my avantgo andebooks with it , just tap the down key to get more . it be a loteasier to read when it be prop up in the stowaway ...
203	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a great little keyboard . i do not buy this one but i have one just like it and i like it very much . you will not go wrong if you purchase one . i do recomend it .
631	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a great cover i didnt think it would be because it be so cheap so i buy the iskin too but i like this one look better on my white macbook its so cute !!! love it !!
357	Keyboard	POS	4	mine be ship by liangquan wang -lrb- maple leaf02 -rrb- . i also have the lenovo n5902 . the product i receive be consistent with the picture . only the box do not say `` ipazzport '' , it say `` ultra mini keyboard '' . everything else look the same as the picture . pro : works . cheap . light . trackpad work better than the lenovo n5902 trackpad in my opinion . con : cheap . can not use window key shortcut . -lrb- even think there be a window key , you have to hold the fn to use it . only work if you need to press just the window key . but for example the show desktop shortcut window key + d will not work -rrb- . range . -lrb- there be many version of this product on amazon , as well as other chinese site like meritline and dx . all of they say 10m range , a few of they say 30m range -lrb- like this one -rrb- . do not believe 30m . i think something get lose in the translation and they be all about 10m \/ 30ft range . my computer be in another room and if you use a usb extension it act like a antenna tehreby increase you range . this be a must if you plan on use it more than 5ft away -rrb- despite the con , i find this item to be more suitable than the lenovo n5902 . the lenovo have similar range , be able to use window shortcut , but the trackpad be a deal breaker for i . the trackpad on the 5902 be just terrible !
853	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard cover be a good match and line up perfectly for the white mac book 13 inch computer . very good protection for the key , but be just not very please with the overall appearance of the item . the seller do have very fast shipment and great customer service , which be a plus . i receive my package 2 day early . = -rrb-
828	Keyboard	POS	5	the letter be not transparent . i have read other review and decide that i prefer the solid black of the key -lrb- versus the clear plastic key cover which would show dirt and wear , and just not look as good -rrb- to be able to see the backlight , as i do not use it much .
407	Keyboard	POS	5	i have read up a lot on the black widow from razer , and i be honestly not so sure i want to buy it after all the bad review and the forum post that people keep say they be have issue with the keyboard , but eventually i choose to take the risk , i mean amazon have a amazing return policy so if something go wrong i could always return it . anyways the keyboard arrive quickly and i have be use it for roughly a month or two and so far have have none of the problem post by a lot of user . the back light be perfect for work in low light , and i 'll admit the key do clack a little loudly but its not really a problem for i . as other people have mention , yes the font be a little weird at first but it really be not hard to get use to it , or the swap of the number and alternate symbol on they . all in all a very good product that have spoil i , as i refuse to use anything but mechanical anymore !
603	Keyboard	POS	5	i love my old palm iii . it be reliable , it sync well with outlook 2000 now that i have pick up pocketmirror , and the amoritize cost be now down to penny a day . but after year of use , i still hate that stupid little stylus . my `` graffitus '' technique never get better than about 90 % accuracy , i can never remember how to punctuate , and do not get i start on the little touchpad keyboard . so the palm iii keyboard be a godsend . first off , its very cool . the key action be very good -- soft and accurate . i be still fiddle with the delay setting , as the delay be a bit too slow for my taste . they key be also a little too noisy for use in a meeting . on the plus side , typing note into the palm be now a breeze . better still : the keyboard be collapsible , so its fold into a small rectangle not much bigger than a palm , but be very nearly full size when unfold . when unfold and lock , it be pretty stable -lrb- although i agree with those who say you can not really use it on you lap -rrb- . it look great . what more can you ask ?  i recently take my palm iii and keyboard to a conference . everybody else be lug around laptop . i just unfold my keyboard , snap on my palm and rock . all my dilbertesque buddy be very jealous . -lrb- palm probably owe i hundred in finder fee . -rrb- the only problem : carry my palm , the keyboard , and my cell phone be a lot of juggling . i need a small case that carry all three . anybody know one ?
960	Keyboard	POS	5	i can only speak for the pocket pc , but i find very litte wrong with it , and can positively say it be the best ir keyboard out there . first of all , yes , it do not have cursor key . but it have something better , a mouse button . this let you click around the screen without need to use the stylus at all . if you be like i and use the cursor key to go back and correct mistake , it still do this , you just hold the fn key and use the mouse which make it act exactly like cursor key .  there be no `` elf '' effect . unlike the wireless keyboard that use mirror , and go very slow and drop letter , the targus keyboard do nothing of the sort . it be just like a desktop keyboard , in that everything appear as soon as you type it and there be certainly no drop letter .  there be one thing i would have like , which would be the `` home '' and `` end '' key which i use quite frequently . it do have a key combination -lrb- ctrl + mouse arrow , i believe -rrb- which let you just from word to word , which do it almost as quickly . that be really the only thing that could be improve .  this be definately the best keyboard out there , and the one i will be use for probably any pocket pc i buy . since my toshiba e310 do not have a `` plug-in '' keyboard for it , ir be my only option . after be absolutely disgusted by the iconcepts ir keyboard , this one be very welcome . no need to line it up , a constant connection , ability to use it in you lap and in a car , along with many other thing . i would recommend this keyboard to anyone who be look to buy one .  for a full and more in-detailed review , please visit my website : www.nikebball87.com .
240	Keyboard	POS	4	i be typing on it now and my initial response be that the key be too stiff for a device that require a bit of finesse due to its size . my keystroke do not always register . i be sure everyone will have a opinion about key placement but i personally find the single shift key -lrb- left side -rrb- and the placement of the apostrophe to be the biggest hindrance to comfortable , accurate typing . that say , it save a ton of desk space and seem to be make well . i would not recommend its use for anyone that do a lot of typing . stick to the minus keyboard if you need to save space -lrb- in the 11-12 '' range vs. this one 's 9 '' -rrb- , unless you truly require something this small .
526	Keyboard	POS	5	this little thing really be a useful tool when i be work on other pc for friend and family . i be not like that quirky tv detective monk or anything but i can be a bit of a germaphobe when it come to someonelse 's mouse and keyboard . i can use this to control pc function without any snag at all . it be very responsive to the touch and in time when the light be dime it be a great tool with the backlight on the keypad . mouse ... what mouse ? i have a touch pad that be also very responsive take the place of that clunky old germ ridden mouse . there be some -lrb- f -rrb- key that be miss but no biggie who use they anyway unless in the bio and then there be another story . good tech tool . for the toy part . . it have a laser pointer that my dog love to chase around the house . great buy and worth it . i would just not use it on a game console ... my ps3 do not find it compatible .
766	Keyboard	POS	5	i enjoy the new large letter keyboard . i have cataract in both eye and the keyboard allow i to see with letter better . thank you for develop the large letter keyboard .
772	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a great companion for my media center pc . i keep it next to my tv remote and use it when interact with my pc from across the room . works great and be nice and compact . i have also use with xbox keyboard .
955	Keyboard	POS	5	a great product and it fit great but it be kinda hard to type with it on . i find it hard to push down the button so it be hard to write a paper with this on . but it look so good !
696	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use this particular model of keyboard for awhile the reason i buy a new one be that my other one finally stop work after almost daily use for over 10 year . the keyboard outlast four different computer and 3 different operating system . i do not need or use the multimedia button you see on newer version of this type of keyboard because i do not use they anyway and there be less risk of press the wrong key . also with the include usb adapter i can use this keyboard with either ps\/2 or usb port on the computer offer more flexibility . i also like the heavier button and the distinctive click sound that be make when typing . computer user with big hand would like this keyboard because of the add support it provide especially if you type a lot .
547	Keyboard	POS	4	the palm treo 650 be a great pda for it be day . newer version and different brand have more of the `` latest technology '' and smaller size , but it be still a great cell phone and datum device . the free software to sync to outlook work great too . very cost effective compare to other newer brand sell today . if you be buy a use treo 650 , watch out for the earpiece and speaker phone . many have stop work , and repair be expensive . look out for whether it be a gsm -lrb- use a sim card -rrb- or cdma version . you must have the correct one depend on your cell service provider . of course , that be true of all cell phone !
360	Keyboard	POS	4	`` pro like i '' would know that a full piano be 88 key , not 81 . generally keyboard come in 61 , 76 or 88 key . 61 be more than ample for a beginner keyboard in this pricerange . the sound be nice , but not fantastic . for the price range they blow away the similar casio , especially for piano . if you be look for a entry level keyboard this be you best bet .
859	Keyboard	POS	4	i be skeptical at first not get the $ 24.99 iskin keyboard cover . however for the price i do not mind spend the $ 2.98 to see what i would get . i like that the key be black and the keyboard be still illuminate . i be satisfied with it and do the job of protect the keyboard .
192	Keyboard	POS	5	i just want to say that i pick the keyboard up the other day , and i like it a lot . the space bar issue seem to be fix because it be very easy to press for i . so if that be what hold you back , i would say try it out for yourself at a local store . the overall build quality be excellent , and it work fine with vista .
730	Keyboard	POS	4	great keyboard , only one flaw , for i , it go dim too fast . when you stop typing , it seem to go blank too soon
841	Keyboard	POS	4	perfect for a media center - i have a pc hook up to my tv in the living room and this be great for it . it be compact and it be not practical to use a real mouse . the touchpad in the middle be good for both right and left-hander . decent feel , good price . would be ideal if it be back-lit so you could see what you be do in a dark room .
663	Keyboard	POS	5	the deal be pretty good and affordable . the keyboard and mouse be appeal . this be a first time i have purchase a wireless mouse and keyboard and already fall in love with it .
558	Keyboard	POS	5	ok , at first i could not get this to work . when i copy the driver over to the phone and when i finally find a app call `` appinstaller '' i be able to install this app . well i get that far think this be not that bad . wrong . it will not activate ... then i read a review from someone here on amazon in this thread . anyway , this be what i do . i when to setting , wireless and network . turn on my bluetooth with a check . go into bluetooth setting . scan for device and there it be . i tap the micro keyboard that be find and enter `` 0000 '' and tap ok . then i go to my keyboard and enter `` 0000 '' and enter . can you believe ? it work the device say connect to hide . think there may be more to what i do to get this to work because i do install another free app call `` blueinput '' for hid that be still on my phone . if you have trouble play with this app then go back to what i say above . sorry for all these crazy instruction . quickoffice work great and i love this keyboard . i read some of the other review on the f key and think that be good info . if you want contact i i be all ear . it work great on my droid x. that be cool the touch pad work great as do the directional key in quick office . this be so cool . have a great day ...
198	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be look at ir keyboard for quite some time , i have a palm centro , treo 700 , and a ancient pocket pc run palm os . although the palm software be not compatible with my windows 7 computer , it work fine with vista and xp , and it be a very quick and easy setup , and work like a charm . and it be a awesome alternative to those tiny button and handwriting stylus .
353	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard work as describe and i think it be great . if you strictly use mce or extender , then you have to give this 5 star . that be what it be make for . it boast a solid build , small and light , thin and comfortable . all the button be where they should be and work properly . the ` pointer ' -lrb- mouse alternative -rrb- be goofy , but work if you have half a brain . you have to keep in mind that half these review from the computer section be from half-wit expect something that be not really there . overactive imagination and no technical know-how : p.
105	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this for my mac minus when i take the bluetooth keyboard and use it for my ipad 2 . after i sync the blue tooth keyboard to my ipad i need something to get past the password on start up . will use for other light typing but buy this one cheap since that will be the primary function .
278	Keyboard	POS	5	i read some of the negative review and i be hesitant , but i seem to have get lucky because mine have no problem and this keyboard be amazing . none of my key be touch each other like some older review complain of , and the feel of the keyboard be perfect . i love the feel and the sound of each key click as a i compress it . the speed of my typing instantly rise a substantial amount , while the error i typically make have be reduce . i have use this for typing papers , programming , and gaming . it be great for all three . my reaction time for gaming have increase due to the short actuation point of the mechanical key and i be typing faster and more comfortably when work on homework . i highly recommend this product to anybody consider the purchase - it be completely worth the money . though i would recommend wait for a friday when amazon do electronic deal because the keyboard often drop below $ 110 then .
820	Keyboard	POS	4	for the option you get , it be not really worth it . it have that great logitech feel and be well construct . i find myself not use some of the function though like the gaming key and the media player button . i do use the headphone jack , the game switch -lrb- disable window button -rrb- and the usb port . would like more usb port . backlight be not as bright as other keyboard i have see , even by logitech . there be a little novelty in switch the backlight color . for what i need , i could have go with something cheaper .
494	Keyboard	POS	5	i think this sleeve be awesome -lrb- esp . if you turn off you keyboard light -rrb- . it look cute and adorable . i get compliment all the time . it be easy to use . protect my computer all the time .
138	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be work in a office environment and use computer for 15 year and i can say that the logitech wave keyboard k350 have to be one of the best innovation in computer accessory that have come along in quite some time . i have three 23 '' monitor to process the information that i use and this keyboard with its programmable function key allow i to fully utilize my computer and monitor to they fullest . i also use a logitech performance mouse mx with the unifying software . use a single usb receiver for both keyboard and mouse have make the connect of my peripheral a snap not to mention that it free up usb port for other use . once again a great tool for those that process a large amount of information . the wave shape of the keyboard also help relive stress on you wrist as well . a great buy for the price . the logitech family of accessory be , in my opinion one of the best add-on that you can use on you desk .
369	Keyboard	POS	5	works well for a small out of the way htpc controller . not as easy to type on as my cell phone , but still work good . sometimes it seem like my finger dont hit what i need they to , but that a issue with big hand more than the controller . the integrate laser be good for pet entertainment more than presentation as i dont normally do many presentation in my living room ; -rrb- battery life be good , and range be also good , i havent have any issue with either .
643	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard exude class . it just feel like quality . microsoft of late have come out with some nice wireless mouse too that pair nicely with this . the only other beef be that at this price point , i would like to see some key illumination . otherwise the curve of the key just feel more natural .
685	Keyboard	POS	5	the reason i need a ergonomic keyboard be because i write a lot . and this keyboard be perfect . with my wrist lift up my hand have never ever be more comfortable typing . frankly the only problem - and this be a very serious one , unfortunately - be after use this keyboard , use a `` normal '' keyboard become a pain . especially those pitiful laptop keyboard . for anybody at all who need to write a great deal this keyboard be perfect .
669	Keyboard	POS	4	before i purchase this keyboard i read some of the review , and remember at least one reviewer complain about the oversized delete key . at the time i think this be inconsequential . not so . as you can see from the photo , the delete key be larger than the enter key . on all other keyboard i have use it be the opposite . i have use the edge for about a month now , everday at the office . i still routinely hit the delete key when i really want enter , and vice versa . perhaps one day i 'll adapt , but for now it be annoying . the only other problem i have have be that on occasion the mouse pointer will stick momentarially . other than that it be work quite well .
45	Keyboard	POS	4	overall the mk710 combo be a great value . the keyboard be one of the more comfortable i have type on . the mouse work great . it fit my hand perfectly , but i do have larger hand . the fast scrolling feature on the mouse be a real time saver , but there be time where it have be a annoyance when i accidentally slightly bump the scroll wheel while surfing . setup be very easy . i be a snob when it come to my keyboard and a mouse , and i be not disappoint with this purchase at all in the first month of usage .
446	Keyboard	POS	4	i have get so many compliment on my pretty-in-pink laptop gear . the keyboard cover make typing so much more comfortable . my only issue with the rubberized case be it smear easily with my fingerprint . otherwise , it , too , add a nice touch .
358	Keyboard	POS	4	pro : - replace my g11 keyboard - sturdier design & feel , smaller size than the g11 - sports headset control & jack for easy voip program use with a headset - macro key great for games and programming -lrb- more of a enthusiast feature -rrb- - key can glow red , blue , and \* two \* shades of purple \* sarcasm \* cons : - key lock down sometimes , have to unplug it , happen several time daily -lrb- update driver have not fix -rrb- - only one usb port -lrb- unlike the two on the g11 -rrb- , so no mouse & flash device at the same time other thought : - more of a $ 50 keyboard than a $ 80 - keyboard layout be very hard to adjust to -lrb- countless typo for the first few week -rrb- , not at all like the g11 - wish they make it wireless
790	Keyboard	POS	4	i recently purchase this mk320 wireless keyboard and mouse from amazon . both be work great and catch the signal from good distance . i try from 5 foot and it be work fine . i would say consider this price -lrb- $ 25 -rrb- , this iteam be worth by .
621	Keyboard	POS	5	buy this cover originally for my new white macbook , but 2 day later trade the macbook for the macbook pro . i receive the package in the mail 4 day after i order , super fast delivery . this cover fit perfectly for the macbook and the macbook pro . i really love that the light beneath the keyboard be still able to show through the cover , great for typing in dark area . it take a little get use to typing on it , but i have already get use to it . the more you use it , the more it mold to you keyboard and the easier it be to type . for the money , this be a excellent buy and much better quality than the keyboard cover you may find at a electronic store which be way more expensive . look great , feel great , great price ! you can not go wrong !
554	Keyboard	POS	4	macally ikey5 usb slim keyboard  do what its suppose to do . not as smooth and quiet as some , but a lot less money , and fully functional .
426	Keyboard	POS	4	i get mine , be delighted . i do start to notice a lag at time , sometimes to a full stop . i would text my daughter upstairs to see if she be on she computer with another wireless logitech keyboard . she be not . surprisingly enough it be happen around the same time\/s daily . i read the review . the receiver be plug into the back of my computer which be not all that far away , but not ` line of sight ' ... i start think and wonder why would they give you a ` long ' cord for the receiver . so i plug it in and hang it around the back of my monitor . i have not have much of a problem since with lag , or anything else other than operator difficulty in typing . i do ocasionally get two comma which be strange , i do not remember hit they twice but i be seriously not sell on the fact that it be the keyboard and not i . the difficulty in key press which i have read , be in my opinion\/experience you hand be in a slightly ` off ' possition on the keyboard . i work at home , so five day a week i be typing constantly for 10-16 hour a day . i also tend to squirm alot . depend on my position , which be rarely the ` proper typing position , ' all i need to do be slightly move the keyboard so it be better center to my seat position . if the key do not stick all the time , then to my mind it be more of a placement issue . thing i love about this keyboard be : i be able to disable the power button . i do not doubt that it be great for some , but i coud see myself accidentally hit it instead of the calculator . however more importantly , my 4 year old granddaughter , hit it , mainly because it be there . okay , she sit on my desk alot watch movie on my other monitor , i programe the media center to open up she folder of movie . she love it . the fact that i can program the other key to do whatever i want be definately a plus . i have use a lot of keyboard in my life , this be most definitely one of the better one . i do recently purchase a logitech thumb trackball that attach very easily to the keyboard .
321	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be awesome - it help you work in a more natural position by eliminate the extraneous number pad at the right end of most keyboard . as a writer , i do not need it . instead , my mouse hand can come in closer to my body with this keyboard . it really help make i more comfortable . i have be work with a old , full-width keyboard this week and i can really tell the difference - my right arm be hurt now !
158	Keyboard	POS	5	this work great with linux and 7 with no driver install . you can conserve battery life by turn off the remote portion when you do not need it . the usb transceiver be impressively small . you can turn the mousepad action sideways if you like . the keyboard will illuminate on demand . its the perfect solution for the home entertainment box run netflix . could not ask for more .
432	Keyboard	POS	5	very please to the eye and very responsive . only negative thus far installaton cd be not include as state , not sure why . got sofrware and latest driver off site and everything go well without a hitch . key be rather large and to my liking , the lead light have 2 brightness level and the choice for none which be nice . very pleased , would definitely recommend !
756	Keyboard	POS	5	i think the item be fantastic . it be exactly what i be look for and i look forever . it fit perfectly over my 13 '' macbook , the old white one . and be verrrry cool with the pink over the white key . people ask i all the time if my keyboard be custom make , and be surprise when i pull up the sheet , highly recommend ! and my roommate get the purple one , awesome as well .
472	Keyboard	POS	4	price at $ 99.99 be a bargain . with the upcome honeycomb firmware come soon this differently will be the streaming media to have . i love the feature and easy access with the include keyboard . i have the roku streaming media as well and use both due to that some content can not be find in one or the other device . but over all be aim to stream more content via internet integration and will get better as soon the new release version become available .
145	Keyboard	POS	5	a solid , dependable keyboard . easy to install - just plug it in . i do a lot of typing all day long and be able to do so more comfortably after switch to this keyboard from the standard rectangle style keyboard .
166	Keyboard	POS	5	it be easy to install and a pleasure to use . it have make work from home tremendously easy . sit in a chair try to type into the big screen tv that we also use as a computer be so hard unless i light up the room . now i can work in the dark or with the tv on . i be not sure why else one would need it but it i be 100 % satisfied and it be exactly what we set up call for .
411	Keyboard	POS	4	this product be exactly as describe and actually do exceed my expectation . i use it to control my tv from my couch when i plug my laptop into it . the only reason i do not give it 5 star be because the touchpad can be a little random and will make the pointer jump around the screen . it do not happen enough though to warrant a major concern . i be more than please with this for the price i pay .
39	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be the das model s ultimate silent , mean it have cherry mx brown switch and no lettering on the key -lrb- they be blank , force you to learn how to touch type -rrb- . the mechanical switch in this keyboard be great , they do not make the click noise at the actuation point -lrb- halfway down the key-press , when the switch be activate -rrb- , however they still have the same tactile bump as the non-silent version of the keyboard that use the mx blue switch . the reset point of the mx brown be almost the same as the actuation point , so it be very easy to double tap the key as you can `` float '' at the halfway point and just slightly lift and depress the key repetitively . if you bottom out the key as you type -lrb- you press they all the way down so that the key hit the back-plate -rrb- , the keyboard will make some noise , however if you learn to touch type you will not bottom out the key , you will just press they halfway down until you feel the tactile bump let you know the key press have be read , and then lift you finger back up again , this allow you to type with much less effort and mess less noise . if you be gaming you will probably find yourself bottom out the key more frequently , so the noise level will be equivalent to those of a standard rubber dome keyboard -lrb- e.g. logitech g15 -rrb- . this keyboard come with a usb to ps2 adapter so that you can avoid the limitation of the usb interface , where you be limitt to 6-key rollover -lrb- meaning if you press more than 6 key at once whilst typing furiously or more commonly , gaming , it will only register the first 6 key depress . -rrb- if however , you be use the include ps2 adapter , it support full n-key rollover -lrb- nkro -rrb- . with nkro support , you can press all 104 key simultaneously and it will register all of they . this be very helpful once you start break 100 wpm or if you be a serious gamer play rts or fps game like starcraft 2 where miss clicks\/types be very unforgiving . this keyboard be you standard mechanical keyboard with all of the expect feature -lrb- nkro , good tactile feedback , standard layout , and gold connector -rrb- . it do not glow in the dark , it do not have a lcd screen , and it lack macro feature or media control , however it do what keyboard be design to do : allow you to input datum in a reliable and fast manner .
66	Keyboard	POS	5	always a satisfaction to buy a microsoft product . and this product be not different , exelente comfort and usual to who pass much time typing .
599	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy the lt designer keyboard back in 1998 , and have use it daily since . well , after 12 year the shift key stop work and it be finally time to replace it . technically these keyboard have a lifetime warranty , but give that i have go through at least 3 monitor , 4 computer , and who how many mouse in that time -lrb- not to mention a few liquid spill or other abuse -rrb- i think it have prove its worth many time over . but in addition to reliability , it be also one of the most comfortable keyboard i have use . the key have the perfect weight -lrb- and different weight depend on they position -rrb- and spring , and none of that annoying ibm keyboard clack noise . it be a large keyboard , but the extra space mean the function key , number pad , etc be not cramp like on some compact keyboard , and allow a subtle concave ergonomic slope as well . my only complaint might be that it be ps\/2 ; still , it do a great job of capture simultaneous key , make it ideal for game as well as work . all in all i can not recommend it highly enough , which be why i just buy a new one to replace it !
16	Keyboard	POS	4	only 4 start because it do not have a usb hub . that be absolutely the only down side . i love it .
342	Keyboard	POS	5	my husband be a construction superintendent , and use a laptop on the job . this keyboard enable he to work more efficiently , and coffee spill and dirt do not phase it . every guy that see it want one !
982	Keyboard	POS	5	great product that do exactly what it say ... protect you mac . fit snugly , easy to install , and the extra keypad protector be nice . might be a little snug when install , but do not move or fall off . great for $ 20
705	Keyboard	POS	4	the key board look very good , light , a lot of function , but the touch pad not work good when you double touch on it , sometime need to touch 4-5 time to get it work . that be it .
214	Keyboard	POS	5	consider my wrist start hurt so bad that i could not move they that too at 26 year of age and 3 year of be a consultant i realize i need to take action and stop typing on the laptop keyboard and get a comfortable keyboard . the wrist pain have not yet all go away -lrb- the keyboard be not a healer -rrb- but my hand feel much more relax . good value for money
485	Keyboard	POS	4	personally , i love this keyboard . no one be more resistant to change than i be , so it be highly unusual for i to try , let alone use , such a untraditional-looking product . this keyboard do take a little get use to -- make no mistake about that . the hardest thing for i have be find the `` 6 '' key -lrb- across the top -rrb- -- it be on the leave `` half '' of the keyboard , a fact which my right hand sometimes have trouble remember . yes , the arrow key be a little small , and the insert-delete-home-end-pageup-pagedown key be not really `` instinctively '' position , but the delete key be the only one of these that i use a great deal , and it be still at the bottom left of that set of key , just where it should be . i use a standard keyboard all day at work , and i have no problem go back and forth between the two , so that should not be too big of a issue among prospective buyer of this product .  while i have no wrist problem , i know that i do not type `` correctly . '' i have try wrist pad before , and i utterly despise they . i be not the type of person to buy something because it be `` ergonomic . '' frankly , i buy this keyboard because it be `` unusual '' and because i still trust microsoft 's name on a product . as it turn out , i get a comfortable keyboard that just so happen to significantly help my typing posture -- not a bad deal . you can buy a keyboard with a bunch of internet and shortcut key , but why waste money on those little extra ? give this keyboard a try , especially those of you who just can not stand wrist pad , and i bet you -lrb- and you wrist -rrb- will come to really like this product .
450	Keyboard	POS	5	excellent buy !!! the software install flawlessly , very easy to remap macro button , very very comfortable design for both the mouse and keyboard , convenient button on keyboard make great shortcut , wireless capability top all i have see by not mess up with cell phone interference . overall amazing value , amazing product !!
264	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a new and potentially great product . the industry wonder why apple do so well . that be not that they have not do the same in many of they product failure . 1 . why not put in a super quiet fan - this one be noisy side . probably save 25 cent at oem cost . 2 . should have use the fastest atom processor - you be try to impress with a new launch . this processor be just adequate . 3 . a light keyboard -lrb- would have be nice -rrb- as many time we be in the dark or dimly light room in the evening . why not make you new customer delighted instead of complain about ! 4 . if these cost be go to make the margin too lean ask google for help ! after all this be you first step forward . this should all be do right in the first launch as they be no break technology here . over all i like it a lot - i be concern about the fan noise . that depend on just how quiet one 's home . after month of use like it more and more - great addition despite all
919	Keyboard	POS	5	this be exactly what i be look for . i buy a m-audio 88e key station keyboard controller and it do not come with the midi cable -lrb- pawn shop -rrb- . this one work great and be not all to pricey . definitely would recommend .
656	Keyboard	POS	5	i pespsi syndromed a instance of this keyboard i have use since 2005 . despite i fling food and drink at it for almost 6 year , it hold up pretty well . but a whole can of pepsi be too much . so i be happy to get a new replacement , since i like the size , layout , and price . i use this in my job as a programming indentured servant and it keep my wrist and shoulder comfy .
41	Keyboard	POS	5	work great !! go the best buy way and have to return asap as they key board have a range of 3 foot this unit work great up to 30 foot away from laptop hook to plasma tv
667	Keyboard	NEG	1	do not , under any circumstance , buy this keyboard . the keyboard itself be beautiful , but the software\/driver support be horrible\/non-existent .
163	Keyboard	NEG	1	this product be garbage . belkin ought to be ashamed . i will never buy another belkin product as long as i live . it work fine for a while , as other reviewer point out , but whatever you do - do not change anything after you get it work . we make the mistake of move we computer desk to the other side of the room . unplugged all we equipment , move it , plug it back in again . it only see one of we two computer . no matter what we do , we can not get it to work again . what a waste of life .
640	Keyboard	NEG	1	buy this product and it be a love\/hate relationship until it finally just up and die 4 month in . when it work it be constantly lose the bluetooth connection . i would say it work about 70 % of the time . a big annoyance be the volume button constantly get bump and go down to zero . at 4 month it just up and die . totally unable to get the bluetooth to connect . i take good care of my gadget and this thing be never expose to liquid , dust or excessive heat . save you money and buy something else .
706	Keyboard	NEG	1	i buy this from clearance monster use . it arrive with a note inside state there be no battery and no manual but it do not illuminate so i be highly disappoint ; ok i understand it be use but the paper work inside never say anything about it not work and i feel you folk rip i off besides the fact that when it arrive the inside of the box and some of the contents look like it be throw around and not properly pack not happy that i still need to turn on a light at night and be the sole purpose of buying .
803	Keyboard	NEG	1	the keyboard be too small and difficult to navigate . it be very difficult to see the light key because they be dim . i do not think that anyone will be please with this item .
728	Keyboard	NEG	2	i be glad i take a while to write this review . when i get this product i be very satisfied with it be performance , it do not require any installation and work perfectly for almost 6 month . however , in the time i need they the most , the mouse and the keyboard stop work for no reason . i think it be time for battery replacement but nothing happen with the new battery . after many attempt to make they work i realize the receiver be damage , so even think the mouse and the keyboard be still in good condition , they be completely useless . so there it be , seem like a pretty good deal but be not so reliable .
469	Keyboard	NEG	2	this be a average keyboard . small but the key arent ergonomic . worst part be that if you pc sleep , you wont be able to wake it wirelessly with this device .
216	Keyboard	NEG	1	i read the direction . it do not work . i love the cover though . the connect cord seem use and it look dirty .
14	Keyboard	NEG	2	i get this product saturday and it be monday after & this protector look like i have have it for a year . it pick up everything ! i do wipe my laoptop before i put the cover on but it have pick up so many particle ! i believe that it be easy to clean & it do adhere to the laptop for no movement & cover the key but the type of material that it be collect a ton of dust particle .
449	Keyboard	NEG	1	i buy the hp ultra thin wireless keyboard for many reason : 1 -rrb- need a wireless keyboard 2 -rrb- need a fairly compact keyboard 3 -rrb- be already use a hp wireless mouse with link-5 , and do not want to add another usb receiver to my system 4 -rrb- price be right 5 -rrb- figure hp quality would be fine , for a keyboard when i get the thing , i could not get it to connect to my link-5 wireless receiver that come with my hp mouse . at first , i think the keyboard itself be defective . but then i try the receiver that come with the keyboard , and it work for the keyboard . but then my hp mouse would not connect . take i a while to figure out what be go on . there be two version of this keyboard , the old style -lrb- the one i be review -rrb- and the new style -lrb- the one i want , the one i think i order ! -rrb- the difference between the two be the receiver and the model number . this be bk114aa , the one you do not want . the one you might want to order be a0b42aa . that be the exact same keyboard , but it have the link-5 receiver . i be kind of upset that this be not make more clear in the advertising for this product . it be like have two car , one with a\/c and one without . but not be able to know which be which until after the sale ... -lrb- well that be a nasty surprise -rrb-
69	Keyboard	NEG	1	battery do not fit properly . work briefly with some jerry-rigging . now will not work at all . you get what you pay for ...
120	Keyboard	NEG	2	this thing be a nightmare . it choose when it want to work . it be fantastic when it do work , i love the key and the shape of the mouse , but it only decide to work when it want to . there have be so many time where i have almost replace it , and then it will work for a while , then make i want to break it in half again . trust i just spend the extra 10-20 dollar for a more reliable brand .
666	Keyboard	NEG	2	the hardware provide by the revue be actually pretty good . unfortunately it have to run googletv . i love google , i love the idea , but it can not be customize and there be very little customization you can do for you user experience . i keep look online and try to find way to make it more user friendly , but it be just not there . overall though , the hardware be pretty good and if they ever do upgrade the software , this could be a excellent deal at only $ 99 . since the much promise upgrade have not come yet , i would be very cautious about purchase this product until then -lrb- in case it be not able to be update to this platform -rrb- . biggest downside : netflix have bug and be know to only work about half the time . i have experience this and it be incredibly frustrating since about every other recent less smart platform can do this with good user experience . a netflix box be the whole reason i buy this as a bridge to help google figure out how to really do googletv which have not happen yet . biggest upside : i like the keyboard remote , it be easy to configure and be nice to control multiple appliance . it do have a full keyboard though that be probably not for everyone . however , if you be not oppose to it , then it work very well and i love have a nice sleek and very functional keyboard ! bottom line : this be a good interface and a lot of potential . however , until they figure out more app then this really be a slow web browser on a tv .
846	Keyboard	NEG	2	if you use either a kvm or ps2 keyboard\/mouse extension cable , this wireless keyboard will periodically stop work -- up to several time a hour . otherwise , it be fine .
319	Keyboard	NEG	1	i usually do not bother write a review but for this specific item i feel like it be a duty to do it . i be one of those early adopter that buy anything new and never return they regardless of if they suck or not . i be very excite to get that brand spanking new google tv but what a appointment it have be , the google tv do not bring anything to the table period , it do not a little of every but very poorly . the build in web browser be useless since you can not install any plug in nor open a new tab , the keyboard do not have a light build in so forget try to use it in a dark room , the app ... well there be pretty much nonexistent , no storage space ... if you goal be to watch a bunch of movie and video on the internet you can just forget about it , the google tv just will not find anything for you . it be a great idea but fail execution , use it for a week then return it .
260	Keyboard	NEG	2	this keyboard\/mouse would be half-way decent if it be not for the terrible interference you get if it be anywhere near you wifus router . construction quality be so so and battery life be about 4 day if you use it frequently -lrb- that be not very good in my book -rrb- . it seem like i be always charge the stupid thing . basically the wifus affect the range of the transmission . the further i put my wifus router away from the little usb dongle the better range i get . overall the touch pad be mediocre and not as good as a laptop ! i also find it cumbersome ergonomically when typing . if give the opportunity i would have purchase something else .
857	Keyboard	NEG	1	product be hard to use . not really the buyer problem but all together the product be not useful and be a waste of moeny
671	Keyboard	NEG	1	mine break in 85 day the 2 key fall off and then it be all confuse when it type . the light only come on when i hit the key and then any letter i hit repeat continuously . till then it be great .
340	Keyboard	NEG	2	out of the box , several key be not attach to the keyboard , but float around inside . i try to press they back into place and be mostly successful . the q key keep come off . good aspect , small , light weight , keyboard be easily detachable add more option for position , company respond to my complaint , by authorize return . con : no communication from company . think they might want to make good on they product , but they just quietly send a return label . final analysis , try it but ymmv . at least if you be not happy you can get a return and full credit . if you get one that work , it would be a cool gadget to have . i wind up with one from brookstone hard to find tool , a bit more money but very strongly build . keyboard do not detach from this one , but they do sell a soft keyboard that you can get separately for such a need .
454	Keyboard	NEG	2	doesnt fit the keyboard verywell at all , so with that say kinda pointless but that color and quality come out good
384	Keyboard	NEG	1	i get the rius and like it fine , until it do not work . i think there may have be some sort of power surge when i charge it , whatever it be , it just quit . since then i buy a larger size wireless keyboard with trackball and i wish now that i have get that in the first place . there be no laser pointer but i do not care about that . i probably only use it a handful of time before it die . something to consider .
660	Keyboard	NEG	1	that be all , upon plug it in the adapter do not work . we order 3 , it be not really worth it to return they , but we be disappoint . we need they for a mouse , and when plug in , the cursor would not move .
451	Keyboard	NEG	1	do not buy this i have it for a hour and the delete key stoppp work i get it cuz it be one of the top selling keyboard on amazon but it suck ass
25	Keyboard	NEG	2	i feel very hard in typing because i need to press each key hardly . not able to type fastly and get pain in wrist .
683	Keyboard	NEG	1	i have purchase and return three of these keyboard in a desperate attempt to make this work out . the good part be the cushion wrist rest , which be why i really want this to work out . the bad part be ... . the spacebar be awful . hard to depress , sticky , just awful . why can they not split the spacebar into two key ? seem a simple solution for a terrible design . next be the `` y '' key , which seem to be just as bad as the spacebar , with exactly the same issue . i have a older version of this keyboard , and the key on the old keyboard be closer together , or for some reason , just easier to depress . the spacing of the key on this keyboard seem too large -lrb- ? -rrb- for my hand to get a good , comfortable pace . also , it be loud . the key be loud . loud enough to wake the dog . i be constantly look for way to type more `` quietly . '' i be so disappointed . i try to make it work . i buy three of these , only to subsequently return they . i spend hour and hour typing all day for work , and not be able to find a good ergonomic keyboard be most depressing .
687	Keyboard	NEG	2	this be a update to my previous review . after use it for a few month now , i can tell ya that the key tend to stick for some reason . -lrb- do they not test this in a rigorous manner ? -rrb- also , some key seem brighter than other . so , this keyboard will be a back-up , and i will pick up another logitech illuminated keyboard which be excellent .
210	Keyboard	NEG	2	i be a bassist , guitarist , and vocalist working on my own project .  i do not have the money to throw into a korg , kurzweil , roland , or yamaha board . all i need a keyboard\/synth for be drum sound and some keyboard\/synth fill in . at first , this seem like the model for i . .  the touch sensitivity be nice . . most of the sound be pretty decent , if not you can make all sort of adjustment to just about anything for any tone ... except the ` raindrop ' tone , a common favorite on most keyboards\/synths . . the raindrop tone for the casio be a cheesy video game sound effect .  otherwise , the sound and sound possibility be surprisingly decent .  that be where the good review end . 6 song be not a lot of storage if you actually plan to compose with this thing . . no floppy . however you can save song to you comp , and load song from you comp to the keyboard . . if you have a good laptop and want to take it everywhere the keyboard go , then this be not as much of a concern .  do not buy it if you plan to use it with cakewalk . . casio do not provide the . in -lrb- instrument definition -rrb- file for it , and the manual be useless for create you own . it work terribly with cakewalk -lrb- and i would imagine other midi device -rrb- for this reason .  if you just want to play , and never record anything , then this be the instrument for you , otherwise , go for something a bit more expensive . do not go casio though . . at present there be little to no . in file for casio board anywhere on the web .  also , it be certainly not a instrument to take on the road , partly for the limited storage , partly for its innability to interact with other midi device to the extent it could and should be able to , and partly because it be very lightweight and flimsy , do not sneeze in its direction . .  . . look at the price , ask yourself if you can wait a while longer and buy something that be even just a little bit more expensive . . such as a yamaha for a hundred or two more .  if you think it will help you on you home project ... not unless you want to record and flatten to analog from track to track , or program everything into the keyboard and record analog .
186	Keyboard	NEG	1	i want something that would transmit more than ten foot - which be the limit of the microsoft keyboard i have , but i can not get this belkin to work under windows xp due to driver issue . i have over ten year experience in windows and macintosh environment , and this device simply will not work with my system . ultimately i buy a logitech keyboard that give i about fifteen foot in a direct line of sight with new battery .
229	Keyboard	NEG	2	i be so excited to see the price of this product but it didnt work as well as i would have hope . the packaging have sharpie mark on it , cross out word , the keyboard do not want to connect to my ipad and when it do connect , it do not stay connect . great price ... but poor quality product .
58	Keyboard	NEG	2	the good point of this product have be touch on in other review . i will not rehash they here . i own this keyboard for approximately 3 month . it operate well , although i do have problem with the amount of desk real estate it require - it be a large keyboard . this be a minor issue , however . the main problem i have be that one day the number key refuse to work . it be not a software issue , as i have try it on other computer with no success . i have own other logitech product and they be nice until they break after a few month . i have buy 2 headset , this keyboard , and a mouse that periodically glitch on i from logitech . with the shoddy performance i have experience i can not recommend they product to anyone .
752	Keyboard	NEG	2	the mouse do not work well on most surface . unlike the usual laser mouse the mouse do not use the same laser mouse of the very resent past have . logitech call it a `` performance laser '' its anything but when use anything but a perfect surface . i get a wireless mouse and keyboard so i can toss it around the living room and use my big screen as my monitor . . with this mouse i get frustrate with it not do as it should and what older mouse would do . to be more precise ... the now familiar red laser be not visible anymore . . and the hole for the tracker be not in the middle like standard mouse . . so you have to keep the right edge as close to the material you use to slide the mouse over ... if this be the future of the mouse ... i want the little ball in the middle back ... i can deal with clean out all the junk the ol ball and bar system accumulate but this new laser thing be a constant problem . . i also find myself hit the insert key when go for the backspace key ... annoying ... i know you can fix that i think but logitech do not make it a easy thing to do ... also the software take a very long time to load make i think logitech be get a little to invasive when install . .
864	Keyboard	NEG	1	these keyboard be cute , portable , and spill-proof , but indestructable they be not . i have own several and , after send two of they back for replacement , wind up throw they all out . after a couple of month -lrb- at best -rrb- several of the key stop work , render they useless . this have happen too many time to be a fluke . a indestructable keyboard that fail under normal use ? do not bother .
538	Keyboard	NEG	2	works with my mac mini , which i be use as a htpc -lrb- home theatre pc -rrb- . get the keyboard to work after a bootup take multiple try ; you have to press a tiny button on the dongle and then press fn key on the keyboard . that tiny button be a headache , because you can only press it with the help of a pen or tiny screwdriver . i keep my mac mini on all the time now so i do not have to deal with that . i also get it to work no problem with a macbook pro . this despite the fact that the product say it be only windows compatible . major problem with network interference . ever since bring the wkb-4000 in we house , we household 2.4 ghz 802.11 g wireless network have be go down constantly . -lrb- the keyboard also run on 2.4 ghz . -rrb- the only solution be to powercycle we router -lrb- a linksys wrt54g -rrb- . at first it seem like commence any activity on the keyboard would instantly knock out the network . then i follow advice find on here and change wireless channel on we router ; that make a slight improvement , now the network go down at unpredictable time . : - \/ basically i be go upstairs to the router to restart it several time a day , and get lot of ill-will from the family ! sometimes the network go down even when the keyboard be not in use . i have resort to physically remove the battery from the keyboard to try to help this . later this week i be upgrade router to the linksys\/cisco wrt320n dual-band wireless-n gigabit router , and put n wireless adapter on the main device in my home . since n run on 5 ghz , that should marginalize the problem from the keyboard , although it will still mess with my ability to leverage the dual band -lrb- i.e. g and n -rrb- power of the router . the key work great on the keyboard , the mouse trackpad not as well . mouse movement be very sluggish , although i can not tell if that be due to interference in the 2.4 ghz band share by the keyboard and the router . but overall , the keyboard be a pleasure to use on my htpc . the feature on the trackpad where a single tap translate to a mouse click be fine with i ; i seldom do a accidental click . i be unimpressed with they customer service so far . i have have a support ticket in they system for almost a week now with no reply .
152	Keyboard	NEG	1	please do not buy this for the case . keyboard be great , but there be nothing to secure the ipad . i have have 4 employee ipad 's slip out of this case . spend the extra money and get something better . pay for a better case or for a crack ipad screen which be not cover by apple 's warranty . amazon should stop sell this case . i know have to tell people they will have to pay for repair to they ipad 's . to bad the bluetooth kyeboard work great .
12	Keyboard	NEG	1	do yourself a favor and save yourself the 90 + dollar . this thing be a flimsy , cheap plastic piece of junk that rely on the pressure of two plastic piece , compress together to keep itself attach to you chair . i be very excite to try this out , since i renovate my office a bit and remove my formal desk , and now need a place to rest my kbd and mouse . talk about depressing . the box it come in have better production value . first , the keyboard tray be completely separate from the rest of the mount item , so at any second the thing be bump , jiggle , or downright fall off during normal movement . not to mention it be literally a black piece of plastic no better or bigger than the smallest , cheapest cut board you could buy for you kitchen . next , the armrest mount , when mount evenly have a little piece that fit inside in order to adjust for the curve of you chair armrest . this piece will fall out with hardly any provocation . also , the bracket that hold the front and back in place be do so with screw - that 's right - it be not like they be adjustable , smooth piece that snap into place like you would expect - you literally have to take these small rough edge bracket and screw they into the bottom of the armrest cover . and because you be simply hold they in place with pressure - guess what - any bump against the back of the armrest cover and the whole thing slide forward dump everything in the floor . oh and do i mention that if you use this on a chair with a wood frame you just scratch the hell out of the wood ? yea - you do . additionally , the armrest sit in so far that unless you have a super-sized chair base , or be anorexic , you can expect to not be able to spread out , or sit as comfortably as you like , or on some chair , literally have this thing dig into you . i could see where you basic , run of the mill , 30 dollar office chair with a short back and tiny armrest would probably do ok with this thing -lrb- but then , why would you need it since you would probably have a desk to go with that kind of chair -rrb- , but for 90 dollar - i mean really - 90 buck ?? - you would be better off get one of those laptop station with the beanbag bottom that fit in you lap for half the price . i literally put this thing on three different chair , test each one for a full hour or so of normal operation , and throw it back in the box . mobo should be ashamed of themselves for put such a price tag of this crap . this be not worth it , but spend you money how you want .
992	Keyboard	NEG	1	top row of key do not work . supplier say the return have to go to the manufacturer but there be no manufacturer list on the packaging . keyboard be cheap but the shipping rate be inflate . they have a 30 % restock fee and i have to pay the return shipping . a return just be not worth it . beware purchase from amazon where they be not the supplier . amazon do a excellent job of service but only when they be the supplier .
533	Keyboard	NEG	1	i order this on april 24th 2010 and still do not recieve it !!! i would review it if i acually have the product but as yet i do not ! do not by from this guy !!! `` lion strong ship 1 day guarantee
598	Keyboard	NEG	1	this work fine for a few week , now it miss keystroke , the mouse `` hang '' on the screen and it be unusable . the only way it `` kinda '' work be with a usb extension cable and the receiver about 2 '' away from the keyboard , even then it be hit and miss . look on the logitech forum , this be happen with a bunch of people and there be no fix .
312	Keyboard	NEG	1	i need a new protective case for my laptop , and this one look pretty nice . unfortunately , as soon as i take it out of the box i be underwhelm . the case feel thin and cheap , and when i put it on my laptop for a test run it fit way too tight and take almost break it to take it back off -lrb- which leave a small dent on the edge of my laptop -rrb- . stick with speck case . i sure will from now on .
155	Keyboard	NEG	2	i like the keyboard on the zaggmate case , but it have be impossible to keep the case shut . i have have numerous people try , but no one can figure it out . i be very disappointed for pay $ 99 dollar . i -lrb- be wonder if they send i the case for ipad 1 instead of case for ipad 2 .
195	Keyboard	NEG	1	receive my item in a timely manner . the keyboard pair with my playstation 3 with no problem -lrb- pairing require button to be press on keyboard so i know it work -rrb- but after pairing , the keyboard would not work with any app or in any place in the playstation . seem like i waste $ 13 and so do yourself a favor , do not waste you money and go buy something that be quality make and not make by a 6 year old chinese person .
199	Keyboard	NEG	2	the keyboard look pretty good . the light keyboard have a nice consistent blue `` glow '' on each key . type on it be not great . several key much be strike dead on for they to function properly - they do not stick , but they be not smooth when strike from the side or with a glance blow . there be also a texture to the key that i find distracting . if you lightly rub you finger across the keyboard , it feel like lot of micro ridge .
243	Keyboard	NEG	1	i really want to like this keyboard\/mouse combo . the keyboard look slick and have many button that you can program so that you can get to a folder or a website or whatever at a click of a button . the mouse , although a little heavy and clunky be nice and responsive and also have a number of different button and feature . however , all these non-essential bell and whistle can not hide the fact that the product as a whole be a big let down . at random time , the keyboard either shut down or there be tremendous lag response between hit the key and get a response -lrb- i be talk 10-15 seconds ... or sometimes no response at all -rrb- . for gaming purpose , it be a huge frustration and disadvantage to have you keystroke fail to register during random unexplainable time . for business purpose , the constant intermittent lag be frustrating and disruptive to the think process as these shortcoming will inevitably draw youur attention and focus away from you actual work . i experience these problem right out of the box . i even install brand new battery into both the keyboard and mouse and the problem in responsiveness be noticeable almost immediately . i do some search on the web for a fix to the problem , and while other have complain about similar issue , i have not see a responsive solution from logitech or the forum . thus , i have a keyboard that take away my enjoyment of game , frustrate my work product , and appear to have no easy fix solution . if i could rate this less than one star , i would . for i , this k350 keyboard\/mouse combo product be junk . the experience have be a complete waste of my time and money and i suspect that even though i uninstall the keyboard software that come with the product , there be still some residue somewhere taint my computer .
815	Keyboard	NEG	1	i order this product on december 12 , 2011 ... it be be way over a month and i still have not receive it . very disappoint . will not buy from here again .
96	Keyboard	NEG	1	whenever i call for support , i get someone within 2 minute . they speak english and they be helpful . . problem be , i be call just about everytime i want to watch tv or netflix . i be not a techie so i need instruction on rebooting , switch cable , etc. . yes , they have i switch the cable -lrb- same cable , different in\/out position -rrb- on a fairly regular basis . can never plan to watch netflix for sure . if customer service be close -lrb- like tonight -rrb- and i turn on the tv and it be flakey , well , read a book until they be answer the phone again . will be take a hammer to it before long ! great concept , just a lousy product .
662	Keyboard	NEG	2	never think i will write a bad review about expensive keyboard . a bit about myself , i be a big fan of ibm model m keyboard . i still have a uni comp keyboard make just like the model m -lrb- buckle spring -rrb- . the downside be that those keyboard all come with ps2 interface , i need something with usb and a window key , and that be how black widow come to my view . so let 's start with the good . 1 . good typing feel . 2 . very polished surface . 3 . look very cool . the bad : 1 . very polished surface , finger print magnet . 2 . quality control on the key . 3 . a bunch of non-sense key that be in the way -lrb- m1 to m5 key -rrb- if you do not use it to play game . -lrb- this be actually much worse than i expect , part of reason why i decide to return the keyboard even though i know how to fix it -rrb- . if you like typing , like use keyboard to navigate the webpage , and like to use all the short cut , you may want to think twice about those non-sense key . they really get in the way . the ugly : stick key . my first set of the keyboard come in two day ago . it be nice , but i have trouble press space bar , after look closely , i find that the space bar overlap with the left alt key . sometime i end up press both key when i just want to press the space bar . well . no big deal . i just ask for a replacement unit . a day later , the replacement unit come -lrb- thanks amazon , i can not say enough good thing about you -rrb- . know what i know , i take out the keyboard and start test the space key . well ... it no longer stick with the left alt key , but now it stick with the right alt key . after talk with amazon support staff , i will return both keyboard and go for something else . it be not difficult to fix , the key only overlap on the edge , so one can file the edge and that will make the problem go away . but if i be dump 74 dollar on a keyboard , i expect key that do not stick to begin with . one last thing . the key be modify version of cherry blue , it be lighter which may or may not suit you typing style .
813	Keyboard	NEG	1	read all these review about great battery life but my mouse battery die in less than 2 month and worst of all there be no battery strength indicator either !! i be not satisfy with this product
746	Keyboard	NEG	2	this keyboard be cheaper than its sony brand competitor for a excellent reason - it be simply not as good . i be a fairly good typist , and this be \* much \* slower than use graffiti to enter information .  you have to poke and push very hard to get the keystroke to register , and the divide nature of the keyboard make it very difficult to get up any speed at all . i could not type more than a few word without have to go back and add miss or extra letter .  i would only recommend this keyboard if you can not cope with graffitus at all . enter any large amount of text will simply take you too long and drive you insane with the pointlessness of become a two-fingered typist otherwise .
364	Keyboard	NEG	1	it come break . i read from some review that it look cheap , but i be not expect this . the connect button do not work , and thus be useless as i could not connect it to my ipad . the usb charge port be misalign with the opening in the casing . finally , put the ipad in and use it as a case be not easy neither to put it , nor get it out . i return this and get a refund .
914	Keyboard	NEG	2	keyboard work just fine , it be durable and easy to type . i have no problem with this part . the `` moue '' however be horrible . like another reviewer state , you have to push down on the button to get it to move , and mine be extremely stiff and eventually hurt my thumb after just a short while of casual usage . it be finicky , do not respond well , be not even remotely accurate and be just plain bad design . i would recommend a bluetooth mouse to go with this keyboard and skip its mouse entirely . everything else work great and be configure very quickly .
180	Keyboard	NEG	1	i have a htc hd2 run chuckyrom winmo and darkstone froyo2 .2 with cyanogenmod 6.1 . in winmo the keyboard work as intend and do essentially what i want it to do . however , when i boot into android -lrb- which i use as my main os -rrb- , the keyboard do not work . the product come with a cd and what it lead you to believe be the necessary driver to run the keyboard . i install the program and then try run it , only to repeatedly get a error say the one time registration have fail , and the program close . after some search on google i finally find that the manufacturer have not renew they license with the company that provide the software driver for the phone . after spend 28 dollar on the keyboard , i find that i now have to pay a additional 10 euro to download the software that the manufacturer claim would come with the product . additionally , i have not be able to get the keyboard function on a android build that do not have cyanogenmod 6.1 install , so if you be run a stock phone it seem like you be s.o.l. there too be aware of this product and the countless other `` mini bluetooth keyboard '' that be seemingly make by different manufacturer but be all exactly the same product . use multiple brand for the same product be usually a sign of a disreputable company . as for the keyboard itself , it be very light and feel sort of cheap , but it be sturdy enough . the power switch be a bit difficult to slide , and the mini-usb port do not seem to be very well attach . my power light flicker and turn off frequently while charge , and wiggle the wire around usually bring it back on for a while . overall , this be a very cheaply make product , but unfortunately it seem like its the only bluetooth keyboard of its size available at the moment for a reasonable price . if you be run android , i strongly suggest you do not purchase this product .
823	Keyboard	NEG	1	these guy post a false picture of a illuminated black keyboard , that be very flexible and portable . what they send i be this crappy generic keyboard that have a very bad rubber material , that be not illuminate , and be a ugly gray color . the key dont even work correctly , you have to literally smash they to get they to enter . this be a waste of $ 20.00 . i even find the same generic keyboard on a website for only $ 5.00 . this be a rip off ! and yes , i be go to return it beware of this seller , and he cheap item .
888	Keyboard	NEG	1	typical microsoft nightmare . first the instruction for pair the keyboard to the computer do not clearly state you have to type the passkey number \*\* on the keyboard \*\*\* & press enter to pair the keyboard with the computer . i spend hour try to get the keyboard to work . what throw i off be the first time i set it up , i do not have to type the passkey on the keyboard . the keyboard and computer drop the connection and when i try to re-install it would not pair with the computer . bring it back to staples for a replacement . -lrb- too bad i do not find out until too late that my keyboard be function - it be the documentation which do not work . -rrb- get a new keyboard , get it to sync once , then it drop the connection and i could not get the keyboard to broadcast - keep push the bluetooth button to make the keyboard discoverable , but only get a green light and no flash red . then no green light at all . staples be go to be sick of i try to return the new keyboard for the old one , but this be a disaster . look for a hp or logitech bluetooth keyboard .
786	Keyboard	NEG	2	i have think i would go on a whim to get a new keyboard case for my unibody macbook pro . my previous one from another seller -lrb- gtmax aluminum unibody apple macbook keyboard cover -rrb- be very durable , washable , and reusable . this one feel thin . though i pick a green color cover the black of the key show through in blotch in the place where my key have wear down . the green color be not exactly paint all the way for the arrow key . however i have to say the fitting be pretty good that it do not slide off . overall , i feel like i need to get another one because it be not as great as i expect it to be .
125	Keyboard	NEG	1	it just work for couple of hour and then break with follow error . sorry process system be not respond ! \* force close \* wait \* report i have try re-start google tv many time , but it be not work at all . it be like this since last two day . i be go to return this product .
985	Keyboard	NEG	1	highly advise against purchase this item . i cant say how well it work , because for i it never do . try everything , unit would not work . seem like logitech just sell lemon out the gate . customer service be a joke , they just appologize and offer no assistance . on top of that its be 2 week and they have yet to even give i a rma so i can get my money back . logitech be really go downhill in they quest for profit . avoid in the future .
744	Keyboard	NEG	1	take a gamble on this and lose ... shift key and space bar do not work out of the box so i be return . save yourself the headache and spring for a better keyboard .
839	Keyboard	NEG	2	it take a lot of time get use to typing wit this cover , and be not very comfortable . i have hear that there be ventilation issue use this . if i be you , i would purchase a keyboard wipe -lrb- or chamoix -rrb- and avoid use this .
190	Keyboard	NEG	1	i recently purchase the logitech media keyboard . the numeric key on the right side of keyboard do not work . it come with almost no write instruction -lrb- i would have be satisfy with something print on the box -rrb- . logitech help do not offer 24 hour \/ seven day a week support . -lrb- they must not have pay they indian & russian phone bill ! -rrb- the key imprint look like they be put on with whiteout and they must have be try to save money because they be at least 1\/64th of a inch long . the cia should buy  logitech 967740-0403 internet 350 vista qualified usb keyboard - black  altogether a complete waste of money and perfectly good cheap plastic !
948	Keyboard	NEG	1	i receive this as a christmas present after -lrb- foolishly -rrb- put it on my list . let 's just say i regret cost my brother $ 65 . right out of the box , it do not work . i adjust the battery , play around a bit with the usb receiver , and it finally connect . after about 10 minute of use , it disconnect . repeated step 1-2 , use for a hour this time , and it stop work again . so i call tech support and get the answering machine . 10 time in a row , on 10 different day . email they . never get a response . my advice be to spend you money more wisely and get a better product . this one be not it .
559	Keyboard	NEG	1	be i nut , or what ? be i the only reviewer who notice that this keyboard have a enormous gap where you left hand should fit ? you a-s-d finger fit just fine , but you have to s-t-r-e-t-c-h you f finger across this gap to reach the f , r and c key .  also the shift key on the right side of the keyboard be across another enormous gap , so you can not reach it automatically as you type .  if you hunt-and-peck , fine . but if you want to type rapidly , forget about it !  g.
532	Keyboard	NEG	1	i get this for christmas , and yes , it light up . so if you want it as a decoration , fine , but do not expect to actually use it . the key stick terribly , it be difficult and frustrating to operate , and after several month i dig out a old keyboard and switch back to it instead . i do not usually diss product , but i have rarely be so dissatisfied with a product .
731	Keyboard	NEG	2	i think keyboard come in standard size key ! i can type 85 word a minute on any other keyboard but , not this one . the shift key , one of the most important , have shrink along with my typing speed because of this . the only thing good about this keyboard be the pretty little light .
508	Keyboard	NEG	1	i switch over to bluetooth keyboard and mouse from the lenovo after 6 mouth of use . i be shock how fast the bluetooth keyboard be compare to this . the rollerball be bad on my hand and do not move that far .
833	Keyboard	NEG	1	okay the keyboard be overall fantastic . type like a dream as far as comfort and speed . the additional macro button and function key be a big help as well . however , and this be a big however , i have have a terrible experience so far with razer 's quality control as far as these board be concern . about a week ago the -lrb- leave ctrl -rrb- key on my several day old razer blackwidow -lrb- the standard edition , not the ultimate -rrb- just stop work , with no explanation whatsoever , so i swap it out for a old lycosa which i have be use before while i wait for my replacement to arrive -lrb- decide to upgrade to a ultimate from the standard because i want a backlight to help i type in the dark when i game at night -rrb- . so my new board arrive , and i discover shortly after unbox it that it have a second -lrb- t -rrb- key where the -lrb- y -rrb- key should be ... keep in mind that this the second issue i have have in less than a week , with they highest quality board , no less . long story short , great board , but be ready if razer 's quality control screws you over !
117	Keyboard	NEG	1	when it work as advertise , the keyboard be great , touchpad and keyboard make web surfing from the couch enjoyable . con : ----- 1 -rrb- short range , also report by other here . my couch to my htpc be about 8 ft. . at that range , the touchpad become arkward to operate . i try move the receiver to my htpc 's front usb port . do not help . 2 -rrb- i read about this from a negative review before i buy it but think maybe that customer be just unlucky . well , turn out i be unlucky too . it work for about 2 week of occasional use then it stop work . nothing i try work . try recharge battery to full . try cycling keyboard power . try cycling pc power . try change usb port . it just would not sync up . get it return . thank goodness for amazon 's top notch return service .
917	Keyboard	NEG	2	buy if you enjoy turn off the numlock key every time you turn on you computer . otherwise you password will fail . the designer make a stupid gaffe with this design . most recent computer have remove numlock setting in the bio . so buy this if you like to remember to do unnecessary task . in other word the keyboard be the opposite of convenient - frustrate to use . enjoy !
330	Keyboard	NEG	2	this be a replacement keyboard . best one i have find yet and will keep use it until i can not replace it anymore .
174	Keyboard	NEG	1	i buy this because i thought it would be nice to use on my media pc because it be the size of a remote control . first thing i notice be that the laser point do not work at all . advertise that it have one . i do not need it but if you tell i it be go to have one i expect it to work . that be the first clue about the quality of this . then i use the keyboard after fully charge it and with direct line of sight this would not work right to keyboard or mouse . combine that with the small mouse pad and keyboard and you have to get up and point the device to get it to go more than 10ft away . end of story i return this crap quality device for a small logitech k400 unit a bit larger with full size keyboard and trackpad build in . it work perfectly from around 20 foot away -lrb- all i test -rrb- and the device work perfectly with my mac pro , linux box , mac mini , and gateway laptop . great handy keyboard to have lay around . just pop the usb dongle in and both mouse and keyboard fire up . this mini piece of junk i have to return .
522	Keyboard	NEG	2	for the 2 month that it work , it be better than other minus keyboard\/trackball combo that i have try -lrb- but that be not say much at all , since they be almost all terrible -rrb- . one thing i like most about this over other be that it rarely need to be resynch . the trackball work pretty well for be so tiny , and the mouse buttons\/scroll wheel be nice . but today , after use the keyboard for probably only 5-15 minute per week over the last couple of month , it have go haywire . press most key on the keyboard now result in the keyboard send multiple keystroke to the computer . for example , the `` g '' key send `` gv '' . i be past the amazon 30-day guarantee , so i 'll have to try to deal with the manufacturer adesso .
173	Keyboard	NEG	1	got this as a gift and set it up . device get stick at startup in a system update loop . call tech support . be instruct to do a factory reset . device fail to do a factory reset . time for refund . if a device can not even do a proper factory reset , you really have to wonder how this thing be manufacture .
400	Keyboard	NEG	1	i buy three of these keyboard , silent , pro , and mac version . first impression `` unbelievably good '' . unfortunately last about two month which be about the same time the keyboard start show its `` build quality '' . squeaky key and letter fading away . i could not believe such a expensive keyboard have these problem . i have 5-6 year old keyboard i buy for ~ $ 30 , do not have these kind of problem . das-keyboard customer service : one word `` great '' . unfortunately they can only do so much within the warranty period . if you exceed 30 day , you be stick with it . they offer to replace the key even the keyboard itself if need . however this be a temporary fix . you be go to end up with the same problem since the build quality be the same for all keyboard .
239	Keyboard	NEG	1	i have develop pain in my hand , mostly my thumb from excessive keyboarding and probably some arthritis . i order this keyboard with hope of improve my condition . i wish i have read the negative review closer . while there be many feature that be good and the general feel of the keyboard be comfortable , the space bar be a deal breaker for i . my thumb be already so sore , have to press the space bar so hard make my condition even worse ! sorry , but i will be return it .
484	Keyboard	NEG	1	it be a very nice keyboard but some of the key dont work right . the company be great as far as give i another one but this one have problem too . i do not want to be a bother so i have not say anything about the replacement be mess up too .
221	Keyboard	NEG	2	i be send this key board back , i end up buy another keyboard because i do not like this one . the mouse pad do not work very well and the key stick and the key be slow respond .
219	Keyboard	NEG	1	this case look nice but the keyboard itself do not operate well . it have trouble connect and stay connect to the ipad . the instruction be poorly translate into broken english . i tear it out out the case and trash it . i keep and still use the case . try something else .
124	Keyboard	NEG	1	if you be like i and like to recycle you computer component and you think that you can buy this to save a buck while use a perfectly good keyboard on you laptop . wrong ! the driver to support this keybaord with this adaptor be not not out there . put the 3 buck towards you usb keyboard and put you old keyboard in the landfill like a wasteful american be expect to do in this single-serving society .
549	Keyboard	NEG	1	never do get it to work correctly with my droid x. after pretend to type on it for a while i do not spend too much time though since it be a bit too small and its action to soft to improve all that much on the virtual keyboard . if it have some kind of functional installer it would have be worth it . try to follow the manual step that do not work be not .
514	Keyboard	NEG	2	since i be on the road a lot and need good equipment , i think this be go to be a great keyboard . then i use it . it be easy to install -- plug it in . but , the key be marginal at best . the one shift key hardly work and if you be a speed typer , you will slow to a crawl . you have to really , really strike the key hard and then it might work . so if you have a lot to do in a short time -- find a better keyboard . if you will be a light user -- it might work for you . i do like how thin it be . if they could fix the key -- this would be a great tool . i be not sure sure it we worth the space it take up .
499	Keyboard	NEG	1	i like the concept of a keyboard that could dock my ipad2 , sync it , and charge it . too bad apple do not make one compatible with the ipad 2 .
902	Keyboard	NEG	2	- there be only one control button . - the control , alt , del and windows key be really small - i hardly ever hit they unless i look down at the keyboard . - del be right next to the left-arrow key - so you 'll often hit it when all you want to do be move the cursor leave . - the stupid tilde-backquote key be right between the space bar and alt - senseless . all in all , what i have experience be this - for `` plain '' textual typing , it be fine - all the alphabet key be very usable , as be shift and enter . backspace be fine too . but the navigation key be very hard to use . and combine that with the point i list above , it be one big disappointment . it be so short , unnecessarily so - the maker could easily have add 2-3 inch and make it much more usable . as a chronic rsus sufferer , i want a truncate keyboard that allow i to keep my mouse closer - even a normal keyboard without the numpad section would have be just fine . this keyboard be overkill ; it sacrifice too much useability in try to be smaller . i advise against buy without try . and if you do try it , keep in mind the various kind of typing and application you work with - document , email , programming tool etc. . it be definitely not programmer-friendly .
792	Keyboard	NEG	1	i never get this item after about a month after order it . this buyer be clearly not reliable . be careful
136	Keyboard	NEG	1	logitech rep in bestbuy say that this unit would work with all hdtv that have a hdmus port . incorrect . you need to have a hdtv that have the circuitry to accept hdmus version 1.3 or higher .
339	Keyboard	NEG	1	read all the negative review about this product before you make a final decision and trust i , they be all true . once the usb connection in one go out i make the horrible mistake and buy another one . another $ 100 down the drain . that one do the same thing . when i contact the company -lrb- who be located abut 5 mile from my home -rrb- they give i the run around . they website indicate that you can get a ` replacement ' keyboard but they block you from complete the transaction on they site to get it . so , learn from my lesson . do not purchase this product . i only give this item 1 star because it would not let i post this review without select something . i do not think it even deserve the one star .
328	Keyboard	NEG	1	pick this up at a local store on the cheap . i read other reviewer complain about it looking\/feeling cheap . umm ... it \* be \* cheap . all i want be a simple , usb keyboard with more action in the key than my current 10-year old keyboard . i look at the key location closely ... but not close enough . i get it all the way home and start write a letter before i realize that the bozo that design this keyboard take the `` pipe '' and `` backslash '' key -lrb- meaning '' | '' and '' \ '' -rrb- which be usually to the left of the `` right-shift '' button , and jam it between the backspace key and the + \/ = key . my question to the designer be ... why ???? you elongate the right-shift key to fill the space leave by remove the '' | '' and \ key , and you shorten the backspace key by half -lrb- put in the `` wrong '' place for touch typer -rrb- in order to jam the same '' | '' and \ key between the backspace and the + \/ = key . i love the feel and the price of the keyboard . everything else be just perfect -lrb- yeah , it be cheap construction ... but the price be cheap as well -rrb- . i do not get it . i be take this keyboard back immediately . oh , and as for those who might not care about the backspace key , if you plan on use this keyboard for gaming , then i also have to agree with the other reviewer that you will probably be better serve by one that be a bit more `` rugged '' . this keyboard will not stand up to any abuse from the look of it . the biggest problem i can cite -lrb- as other reviewer have as well -rrb- be that the cable be ridiculously thin and no doubt fragile . i doubt it be reinforce at the connector or keyboard end at all . for a cheap keyboard , it would have work well ... if the key have be in the correct location .
33	Keyboard	NEG	1	this be buy for one of the attorney at we firm after the rave review two other attorney give it . we do a lot of typing in this office and so the attorney be hope that this would make the work more comfortable . unfortunately , like other 1-star review , he could not stand the hard spacebar . he make a go of it for about a day or two before bring it back to the front office for return . make we glad we do not toss the box or he old keyboard .
460	Keyboard	NEG	2	i buy this keyboard as a replacement for the m elite model , expect to make heavy use of the macro key . but it turn out that the pro be not a worthwhile replacement for several reason , and in fact i could not even stand it long enough to bother reprogram the macro key .  the most important problem to i be the feel of the keyboard . i think m must have do something to cut they cost , and quality , because this thing feel nothing like the comfortable elite . i must say i be very disappointed . the elite be quiet and extremely solid , but the pro feel hollow and flimsy , as if be have the gut of a keyboard . but there be other less-important annoyance too .  the pro have a full-sized set of arrow key , but i usually use the numeric pad with numlock off anway -lrb- so i can immediately touch home , end , enter , in , del , etc. -rrb- , so that be just farther for my arm to travel between the keypad , mouse , and home row . finally , the pro 's footprint be huge . i can not stress that enough ! i even have a giant desktop , and this thing be still a pain to reach around just to use my mouse or draw tablet . the elite have a tiny footprint , and i never even realize how nice that be until i lose it .  i have try out \* lot \* of ergonomic keyboard in my time , but the m elite be still the best by far . so i would say to save some money , and get a better keyboard too .
281	Keyboard	NEG	1	the concept be so great . the follow through be miserable . the ball be way to sensitive despite any configuration i have attempt in the software . it only work reliably from about 3 foot despite any claim make by the manufacturer . have the left click and track ball so close together cause the use of one to effect the other . if you be try to use it on a big screen you 'll only be frustrate by the lack of precision necessary for the task . unfortunately , this be make for use in the living room where it be pretty much useless .
721	Keyboard	NEG	2	while the case secure the laptop nicely and look well build the integrate keyboard fail within a week of purchase with less than 2 hour use .
106	Keyboard	NEG	2	feature be great , however it have some issue where if you press the space bar on the top right corner , then it produce friction with the body of the keyboard . the friction thus cause the space bar to not go down at once or it cause the user to have to apply more -lrb- un-ergonomic -rrb- pressure .
759	Keyboard	NEG	1	first one go bad -lrb- space bar stop work -rrb- about 2 week after i receive it . get a replacement . not even a year later and now 4 key have stop work . toss it in the garbage yesterday . very poor .
647	Keyboard	NEG	1	mine come in the mail yesterday . it will not charge . . therefore will not sync . the blue indicator light remain on for only a few minute -lrb- less than 5 -rrb- and then shut off . turn the switch to on ... there be no light indicate status - not even a blink . i email cust serv . and they send instruction for all the step i have already follow . no mention of what the problem might be , from the description of the problem i have send to they . the response be a waste of time . i do not recommend buy one of these unless you can easily return it to a store . need to return malfunctioning merchandise by mail be annoying .
909	Keyboard	NEG	1	before gyration inc. can compete in the mouse & keyboard arena , they must learn to design product that be completely in sync with windows ! i even take extra step in download all driver need from the gyration website , but this slick and very design drive package still could not give a `` ultra performance '' . the keyboard would sometimes read and sometimes not ... and the mouse would force windows to crash ! it be too bad , i want it to work . i guess i should stick to the `` old school products '' with more experience .
708	Keyboard	NEG	1	unfortunately i cant use this product , i have mac book pro . my `` enter '' key be in vertical position , but this product have horizontal one and cant fix on keyboard
956	Keyboard	NEG	2	this keyboard be advertise as wireless . it be not . although the ergonomics of this keyboard make it very comfortable to use , the space bar stick which make typing a pain in the butt ! i probably would have keep this keyboard be it not for the sticky space bar . i type too fast to have to deal with that problem .
456	Keyboard	NEG	1	the piece that hold the palm to the keyboard fall apart - little metal and plastic bit everywhere . it be impossible to put back together . i have not mistreat or mishandle it , it be just very fragile . -lrb- in fact , i wish i have do something bad to it - i would feel better . -rrb- i do not recommend that you buy this keyboard .
60	Keyboard	NEG	2	during first-time setup the revue install the 3.1 honeycomb update in around 20 minute . yes , the media player be seriously lack . i mean , it do not even support external subtitle . my 3.5 year old wdtv be infinitely better at play file from usb drive . for online video , i be almost happy with the revue , but then i try to play a full episode of conan from teamcoco.com and the shockwave plug-in keep on crash . i try the same video on my laptop and they play flawlessly . the android market sound good , but so far all the app for the revue be really worthless . i return the revue since it can not replace my wdtv and it do not reliably play online video -lrb- other than youtube -rrb- .
624	Keyboard	NEG	1	it be be a hour now and blue tooth be still search for device , follow direction to the letter . device be faulty crap . do not waste you money .
916	Keyboard	NEG	2	i have always want a ergonomic keyboard . when i find one that i like at a good price , i buy it . it have work well for i , but after only six month , the letter on 8 of the key be wear off ! i do a lot of typing , and yes , i do know the keyboard well enough to not have to look at the letter , but come on ... that be poor craftsmanship . i have not have problem with the spacebar like many other have , though . -lrb- i be not typing this review on the keyboard . i be use my laptop . -rrb- the warranty from microsoft say to return it to the store first . i do not buy it from amazon -lrb- maybe i should have -rrb- . i go to a local office supply store . well , they would not replace it . now i have the inconvenience of have to mail it back to microsoft , pay for it myself , and wait for a replacement .
59	Keyboard	NEG	1	i have be use this keyboard for 2 week to see if i could get use to it . i be return it . the back light be great - work like a charm . however it would be nice if the key have white letter for when the light be not on . the reason i be return be the layout of the keyboard - specifically the tiny right shift key -lrb- next to the up arrow -rrb- . i can not count how many time i have be typing away and look down to find out that i hit the up arrow instead of the shift key - totally have to start over on what i be typing . i do not know why the maker feel they need to put the home , page up\/down , and end key on the right side of the enter key . anyone who type by feel will get screw up .
415	Keyboard	NEG	2	first i preface by say i have have pc since the 80s . this be the first keyboard i ever use that will not work correctly . it refuse to be recogize by my win 7 64bit one-year old system even after a full bio update . to operate the keyboard i have to manually unplug it and then plug it back in . tech support want i to change bio setting ... something i have never do for any keyboard . what be up with that ?? the logitech board be also pepper with problem story about this product . needless to say , this one go on the shelf -lrb- have it too long to return it -rrb- and the trusty microsoft keyboard come out of retirement .
972	Keyboard	NEG	1	crash all the time and become unresponsive . misinterprets keystroke or insert nonsensical character . will often continuously send out the same keystroke as if you be hold down key . get a io gear kvm .
397	Keyboard	NEG	2	as mention , the layout of the keyboard be great ... it be comfortable , have most the shortcut 's i would want , however it be design for media center , and media center only . no ie\/internet shortcut be present , which in my opinion be a bad design . everyone that have a media center pc , also have windows xp `` professional '' , which could use those short-cut . my largest gripe about this product be the mouse . why microsoft make you press downward , in addition to the direction of the mouse be beyond i . we have have it about a month now , and despite other user say it get better with time , ours have not . i be expect a laptop-like fingermouse , and that be not what this keyboard have .
435	Keyboard	NEG	1	the key be label for windows only . every time the mac reboot , i have to re-identify the keyboard because the mac do not recognize it . in addition , like most cheapo keyboard it have no extra usb port . the key be not that annoying , but they be annoying , especially if you move from keyboard to keyboard ; this one will always be the odd one out , with it be somewhat small and slant key . all in all , you would be much better off get a generic windows keyboard at you local big box store . again : this should not be call mac compatible , despite what be print on the box . i be simply glad i buy it at half its suggest retail price . this be the lowest rating i have ever give a product sell by amazon .
947	Keyboard	NEG	2	i love logitech , and i hold they product to a higher standard than the rest . this one be well-designed , but it have a serious problem -lrb- for gamer , at least -rrb- . overall , this be a good , attractive board -- assume you do not get the problem i have . the board work most of the time , but randomly , sometimes a couple time a hour , the light will blink and it will turn itself off . then , even when the board become power again , it will not work . this be insanely annoying in fps game , especially multiplayer one . i have make sure that this be not a issue with my computer itself . it be isolate to the keyboard . ignore that problem , the board be pretty good . it be comfortable , feel solid , and have lot of button -lrb- include 18 macro on the left side , very useful -rrb- . it be not ergonomic at all , but that be not a big issue for gamer . the key have smooth response with just the right amount of push force , and the board look good overall . it be not without its shortcoming . the lighting be somewhat uneven and sometimes look a bit cheap . if you have you keyboard right in front of you monitor -lrb- s -rrb- , the light key may be harder to see than normal white one . i really wish all the blue key be as bright as the yellow m1 key . the board include two usb port , but they be only usb 1.1 . it would be nice to plug mouse into they , since it would give a wire gamer more travel slack on the cord , but for i , i find it too risky to plug my mx-518 into it because of the risk of lose both my mouse and keyboard to the power loss . the lesson i learn ? fancy gimmick do not a gaming board make . light and fancy frill be a excuse to skimp on other , more important thing .
588	Keyboard	NEG	1	this be a wonderful keyboard with correct `` 6 '' spacing and excellent comfort level . it have be very durable for the 3 month that i have own it . in fact , everything be perfect about this keyboard except that the letter have all wear off . yes , i be a medical transcriptionist and type 40 + hour a week on this . i know this be a lot of use , but i keep remember the ibm selectrics that i learn on in high school that be 30 year old but still have all the letter intact . even the paint on the symbol key be wear off , which could be a problem as i do not have these memorize . i be really irritated about the cheapo letter paint . i hope it be not toxic as i have absorb it all in my fingertip .
272	Keyboard	NEG	1	i tell amazon i get wrong item but will try to make it work , after a dozen dvd 's and several ink cartridge use i do come up with a format that might work . amazon do email and say they would give a 20 % discount for keep wrong item , i 'll see if i get it
181	Keyboard	NEG	2	every app run slow . there be probably a 10 seconds delay on just about everything . netflix constantly fail . web page constantly get the `` oh snap . . '' message and require a page reload . i also do not have a cable box -lrb- direct coax connect -rrb- which knock out a whole bunch of feature and integration with broadcast television . in its current state my wife and i will not even use it . all my other home network component work fine . logitech seem to have give up on this device but i hope google update it soon .
632	Keyboard	NEG	1	i think that this would be a great item . boy , be i wrong . my friend who be a it person where i work could not get it to set up or function . this be a piece of junk and not worth the $ 9.95 that i pay for it . if i have the original pack it would be on it be way back to where it come from . don `` t invest in it .
634	Keyboard	NEG	1	these ps2-usb `` adapter '' be the worst thing to ever come from mankind . why ? all they do be switch over wire to a different plug . they do not `` magically '' make ps2 product usb compatible or the other way around . almost never in the product description be this tell . many people have buy these to be very disappointed that they do not work . on the other hand , if you know you have a compatible keyboard , they work well . make sure you keyboard state it be compatible with usb-ps2 adapter before buy a adapter ! the work of actually convert format be do by the keyboard , not the `` adapter '' .
789	Keyboard	NEG	1	it be a great keyboard , but there be no driver for os x user . the keyboard will work on you mac , but you will not be able to access\/assign any of the customizable button . many of the button have no default function for os x , so they do nothing . i have contact customer support to address the issue , but never get a answer to whether or not a driver be come in the future . on the plus side , if you run window through bootcamp on you mac , the keyboard work flawlessly .
295	Keyboard	NEG	1	sadly do not fit my 13inch macbook that i buy about 3 year ago . i must have misread the information ... so i return it . look like it be suppose to fit a macbook pro . the free keyboard skin be awesome though ! for the 2 seconds i use it anyway . but it be a great cover , just not for 13inch macbooks .
890	Keyboard	NEG	2	i have own these keyboard for year and use they with various palms . i will continue to use and recommend they to other for every handheld except the ipaq 3900 series .  the ipaq keyboard interface be design for the prior ipaq series , so you must use a adapter to use the keyboard with the 3900 . the adapter be carry separately and will be easily lose . in addition , the adapter raise the ipaq up about 1\/2 inch higher off of the keyboard than the original design . it look a bit unsafe and feel like the ipaq be go to flip off the back of the keyboard . remember , the ipaq be a bit taller and heavier than the average bear .  the adapter be also difficult to force into the end of the ipaq to begin with . the adapter have no guide keep it straight during the delicate journey into the nether region of the handheld , and it be a tight fit . i have to jiggle the adapter sideways until it settle into place , and i be sure i would take great care in perform the maneuver in the future , although that will not happen . this be really a shame because one great advantage of the stowaway be the fact that it can be break down and put away in seconds -- wonderful when you be do research in a library and do not want to walk away from you computer . ruefully , it be not the case for the newer ipaq owner in the crowd .  i have the keyboard for about 30 minute before i return it . i think they be great keyboard , and think outside be a really good company . however , the company need to commit to a real interface design for newer ipaq owner . sadly , i have to say save you money and wait for something better to come from this company . maybe they 'll put out the xt version for the ipaq in the near future . there be always hope .
627	Keyboard	NEG	1	how do you mess a keyboard up ? just arrive today , the ` f ' , ' 5 ' , and ` o ' key do not work . plug back in the garbage stopgap keyboard i buy for 10 $ from pc richards -lrb- which do not require software installation -rrb- . what a joke .
543	Keyboard	NEG	1	i purchase one of these from best buy hope i would get one without the sticking key problem . i be unlucky , apparently , because within 15 minute of use i experience the sticking key problem . the key do not stick mechanically , but the function do . it be very frustrating . i take my initial buy back to best buy to exchange for another anansi that turn out to have exactly the same problem . this do not seem to be a isolate problem . it be poor manufacturing with a hefty price tag . do not buy .
605	Keyboard	NEG	2	got this keyboard so i could operate my htpc from the couch across the room from my hdtv . test this out at my office , and it work great as a presentation tool , but with the shoddy reception -lrb- at any range or without line-of-sight -rrb- , it simply do not cut it as a replacement keyboard . miss too many keystroke , and the button be lay out in a perfect smash grid , so you will not be able to type as fast . also be miss several function key that make it hard to use keyboard shortcut . the mouse click button be position where you have to use both hand to click -lrb- one hand to hold the remote , the other to press the button -rrb- . the compact size be nice , and the build in battery be a nice idea , but it die way too fast . overall , i think that this product look and sound great , but the poor construction and quality of component make it a lemon as far as practical functionality .
51	Keyboard	NEG	1	though i really like the feel of the keyboard and mouse , it do not work out for i : - the usb transceiver die after 4 month . - the mouse stutter -lrb- on a 6-month-old thinkpad x201 , 8 gb memory , windows 7 64-bit -rrb- .
625	Keyboard	NEG	2	one trip in the laptop section of my tote and several key fall off . it need better durability and a case .
709	Keyboard	NEG	1	if you get it to work on you phone it will crash after a few time !!!!! this be a huge waste of time and money dont buy it !!!
673	Keyboard	NEG	2	mine be not at all like the color in the picture . do not fit my keyboard either . quite disappointed , but maybe i just get a bad one -- hopefully they be not all like this .
796	Keyboard	NEG	1	i buy this intentionally to match my mac laptop hard case , and the picture be exactly the same color to get this product to find out its seafood green ... not this blue .
954	Keyboard	NEG	1	i buy one of these at a local store to use with my dell computer , but it do not work . the old keyboard i want to use be not recognize by the computer .
335	Keyboard	NEG	1	i will not go into technical detail but this be the worst phone i have ever have . i would expect more from a `` pda '' but this one have be on my crap list since day 1 of use it !
873	Keyboard	NEG	1	the quality -lrb- as in sturdiness -rrb- of this product seem fine . what be not obvious in the description be that to use it require -lrb- for all practical purpose -rrb- that you modify the usefulness of you chair . the huge hard plastic piece that you bolt onto each arm of the chair transform what have be a comfortable chair into a horribly uncomfortable chair . if you armrest be at all padded , you 'll now be elbow down on a totally non-flexible hard plastic surface that be a few inch higher than you have . another non-obvious drawback be the unfortunate fact that you `` work surface '' just sit atop the hard plastic replacement -lrb- when open forward . -rrb- i suffer through three day of this thing before remove it and boxing it up . if i would keep all of the `` original '' packaging , i would return this piece of junk . the other curiously unfortunate feature be that the work surface be not flat -- at all . i use a apple wireless keyboard and magic trackpad . the keyboard -lrb- which be wonderfully small -rrb- rock back and forth as you type . there be not any `` sweet spot '' on this thing that allow all four corner to be in the same plane . in my opinion , this product be a major failure on several level . i most definitely would advise against it ; especially if personal comfort be even slightly important to you .
322	Keyboard	NEG	1	this adapter would not connect any work ps\/2 keyboard to the usb port on either of the two pc i need to connect . very unsatisfactory . i solve my problem with a different -lrb- keyboard & mouse -rrb- adapter .
227	Keyboard	NEG	1	from the instant i plug in the usb receiver to the moment i throw the keyboard into a closet in a rage , this combo have give i nothing but trouble . while the mouse work just fine -lrb- although it be too small for i -rrb- , the keyboard should be recycle immediately off the assembly line . it be repeatedly launch itunes and skip letter . for example , i can not type a capital r use the left shift key . i contact logitech support , but they could not or would not do anything to fix the problem . all driver be up to date and setpoint refuse to be of use . if you buy it , i hope you be one of the lucky one .
395	Keyboard	NEG	1	do not even think about buy this junk there be other alternative ! this should not be on amazon i do not know why they just so not listen !
72	Keyboard	NEG	1	i have own one of these keyboard a few year ago and the key start go bad . the price convinced i to order another , even though so many here say negative thing about it . suffice to say , it show up , i plug it in , almost half of the key do not work , right out of the box . send it back , lesson learn and order a logitech illuminated keyboard . buyer beware on this microsoft keyboard , they must have spill coffee on the circuit board plan .
511	Keyboard	NEG	2	i be hope this be a generic ps\/2 adapter for keyboard , but no such luck . the product description claim it be for logitech device , and i have a ps\/2 keyboard i buy at a thrift store that be not logitech ... and it do not work with it . oh well - just have to get a cheap usb keyboard after all .
923	Keyboard	NEG	1	for some reason it do not work . i plug my keyboard into it and insert it in my computer but it would not make the keyboard work
88	Keyboard	NEG	1	i order one of these and receive it a couple of day later . the packaging be not very impressive and the unit look like it have be open , return , and resell to i . i pull it out of the box and the first thing i notice be that the unit itself and its `` case '' seem to be make of very flimsy plastic . i plug the thing it and blah ! i be able to type two character before it die . so , i call the company , get a rma number and ship it back to they . a week later , i get my new unit . same unprofessional packaging , and this time the `` case '' be miss . while that be irritating , i figure i could call and get a new case . unfortunately , this new unit , while i could indeed type with it , have uneven pressure on all of the key , the case still seem really flimsy , and the usb plug fall like it be about to fall apart every time i plug or unplug it from the computer . i decide to return the item and get my money back . i call and talk to the ceo , who seem a nice enough woman . she tell i to send it back and fax she the courier 's receipt as i have do before and she would refund my money . i send it back . fax the receipt as request and wait . no refund . call several time . no refund . finally , after two or three month , i get ahold of the ceo lady again -lrb- whatever she name be -rrb- and ask about my refund . she claim that they have never receive either of the unit i have send back and that they could not refund my money . after call the courier and track down the package and get information on who have sign for the package -lrb- one of the signature belong to the ceo -rrb- , i call she back and fax she this new information . finally , after a brief argument in which she say , `` well , we do not have they so i can not give you a refund '' and i say , `` i have proof that you receive they . what you do with they after that be none of my concern '' , she finally relent and give i my money back . i think the construction of these unit be very poor and the customer service be worse . i would steer clear of this company if i be you .
7	Keyboard	NEG	2	i have be use split keyboard since 1995 , all microsoft . i could tell the current keyboard -lrb- of 8 year -rrb- be begin to skip letter as i type -- warn signal ! so i purchase a new one which have now move to storage until i be simply force to use it : 1 -rrb- keyboard click be sharp or tinny -- i think due to the thin material use for the housing . 2 -rrb- the keyboard speed be maddeningly slow . i have try the new keyboard on both xp and win 7 , set both os 's at the highest speed and still the keyboard creep until i want to throw it out the window . regular typing be ok , but if you want to move the cursor to somewhere else on the page that have no keyboard shortcut , take a long deep breath . delete , whether forward or back be also annoyingly slow .
2	Keyboard	NEG	2	google tv sound pretty cool . and it be ; it be a great interface that lay on top of you cable tv and internet . but it be first gen and come with it be large share of problem which sort of make i feel like a beta tester . only i have to pay to be so . i buy logitech 's flavor of google tv ; the revue . sony 's version be the same software . the con begin outweigh the pro 's for i , so i 'll start with those . - expensive price compare to other set top box -lrb- roku , boxee box or software , appletv -rrb- - the keyboard controller be very hard to get cozy with . - logitech 's harmony remote control you entire entertainment center . this package be advertise to include ` harmony link ' , which essentially mean it be a dumb down version that only control the google tv , you receiver , dvr , and you tv . what it do not control be anything else -lrb- in my case ; computer , xbox , roku -rrb- . and you can not teach it any new command or execute any macros . to turn on\/off you system there be 3 power button , googletv , receiver , and tv . - you cable provider 's very ugly dvr interface be still use when watch tv . this look strange with google tv overlay it , and make for a slightly confusing experience - -lrb- wife : `` be i in googletv now , or comcast ? '' -rrb- - google tv work much better with dish network 's dvr 's . in google tv 's search box , you can type in any show name , and if it be available or playing in the future on dish , it will list the show . from those result you can select a episode and set up a recording right from google tv . with any other provider , you select the show , then it take you to you provider 's dvr interface and then you have to manually search for that show that be air in 3 week . good luck . - audio\/video sync issue . this be almost constant when watch live tv . logitech be aware of the issue and be promise a fix , but not within the 30-day return window ; -lrb- - double view mode -lrb- picture-in-picture -rrb- be only work in some case . there have be recent update that have optimize double view , however . - system be sometimes laggy when navigate through googletv 's menus\/apps . - ton of network have block google tv boxes from access they internet content . - still no android marketplace . - and one of my biggest wish be not yet available . i want to be able to open one search box , type in a item , hit search , then see a list of result from everything , even service i be a member of . currently you see result from youtube , amazon vod , other internet site , and you cable provider . but no result from netflix , blockbuster , hulu + -lrb- this be not accessible on gtv yet anyway . . -rrb- , and whatnot . so you have to search service after service to see if the content be available elsewhere . - control the system from you smartphone be pretty cool , but hard to use . the screen keep turn off and the phone auto-lock . the button be all touchscreen so you have to constantly be look at the screen to press a button . there be many ` possible ' plus to googletv , like ` this feature will be available in a future update ' , or ` if x sign a deal with y , then google tv will finally get z ' . i be go to wait until those update and deal be make , then buy the latest and greatest gtv hardware available instead of be stick with this old first gen box . as for the pro : + the keyboard controller be very cool and easy to use when navigate through the menu , surf the web , or enter search term . + searching for content be great . + dual view -lrb- with recent update -rrb- be fantastic . + it be nice be able to quickly overlay a tv show to check something real quick on the web . + software\/firmware update ! hope this help . these be opinion from a geek and a wife that both just want a solid , easy-to-use system . we be still very interested in gtv but want to hold off until faster hardware and more feature become available . in the meantime , we be happy with we roku , and put up with comcast . we rarely use the boxee software i install on a dedicated pc because it be interface be too jumbled\/confusing . google tv 's interface really shine in comparison .
37	Keyboard	NEG	1	the trackball in this thing be only 200 dpus . and it be a pain to browse window with it . and the keyboard require line of sight to the receiver . i mean it have to face the receiver straight on or it will not work ughhh . and the receiver have the activity light on even when i be not even touch the keyboard or trackball . i think that be eat up the battery . battery life be horrible . after 3 month of use , i have to struggle to move the cursor with the trackball . it be wear down even though i rarely use it because it be a pain . it be expensive too . i get feed up with it and throw it on the ground . do not buy it !!!!!
550	Keyboard	NEG	1	one key pop off keyboard as it come out of the box . no blue light to indicate charge unless i hold the adapter the whole time . have see this charge complaint by other . have write to zagg to report the problem . have have a bad experience myself , i know another person who be very happy with he zaggmate and take it everywhere . feel like i get a lemon . hope zagg can help i . disappoint so far .
146	Keyboard	NEG	1	i be a fan of the logitech wave keyboard which have a great key feel and little noise . i need a smaller keyboard to pack for a extended trip , so i get this . it be sadly much inferior . the key be not very smooth and quite noisy . in addition , i have grief get the software to work on my mac . -lrb- you need the software to bring the command key to the right place and to get `` num lock '' to work . -rrb- i have to pair the device to its receiver on a windows machine , and then i could not find any software for the mac to get the key remap . the logitech web site be a mess . at one place , it only offer windows driver . another have a option for mac software but the download button do not work for either firefox or safari . i call support today and they confirm . it be windows only . why ???
975	Keyboard	NEG	2	this item be either misrepresent or the 2 i purchase be defective . either way , they would not work more than a couple foot from the pc . i buy 2 -- one each for my bedroom and den . i want to use they as a remote control when watch video on the internet from the comfort of my recliner -- across the room from the pc . they do not work for i .
523	Keyboard	NEG	1	never get it and i order it over a month ago . do not waste you time . even though it be cheap its so not worth it .
121	Keyboard	NEG	1	worst feel of any keyboard i have ever use . the keys\/buttons wobble and the plastic be so thin & flimsy the palm rest separate when typing .
856	Keyboard	NEG	2	some the key be in wierd place and backspace button be small rather than rectangle a little hard to get use to
284	Keyboard	NEG	1	i just buy the revue and the c910 from amazon -lrb- cause i think it be the right camera work with logitech vid hd which i think mean on the revue but it be only on the pc -rrb- the usb port do not seem to work at all , my external hard drive will not connect , the camera will not connect . the box and the revue box inside be beat up when it arrive . i can not believe i waste so much money . do not buy this monstrosity . logitech support only answer my question about the camera not the hard drive or the usb port that do not seem to work .
462	Keyboard	NEG	2	while the appearance of the keyboard be quite good for this keyboard , there be some unacceptable nuance . the first minor problem be that the fn button be in the corner of the keyboard , where the ctrl button . this can be very annoying . the right part of the touchpad be use to scroll up down although they make this section too big so that you will inevitably end up scroll web page up and down against you will . last , but not least , the keyboard have some problem with repeat key . it have repeatedly happen to i that when press ctrl + '' + '' multiple time , the keyboard would suddenly start send the key combination multiple time to the receiver until i release the ctrl button , even if the '' + '' button be not be press at all . this `` bug '' together with the fact that the keyboard feel overall cheaply make , make i advise against buy it . i have be use a  87key usb wrl slimtouch keyboard black for pc
509	Keyboard	NEG	2	not satisfy . very difficult to pair . if you could , it disconnect in a minute . too small , key combination be difficult to use . no amazon , no return !
670	Keyboard	NEG	2	i really like how quiet this keyboard be but unfortunatly it consistantly mistype and leave character out . i have give it a few week to work itself in but that never happen . i believe now that you get what you pay for . do yourself a favor and look for a better keyboard !
525	Keyboard	NEG	2	i do not know if the keyboard i buy have be use before -lrb- the packaging look a little suspect -rrb- but when i use this product , it be always a guess game as to which key would not be work - sometimes one or two sometimes 10 or 12 . i really , really like the concept ; i think that it increase the usability of the palm 100 % since you can keep it open on you desk and enter stuff very quickly . i hesitate to talk badly about anything palm since i have have one for 5 year and do not go anywhere without it . suffice to say that i be very disapointed .
265	Keyboard	NEG	2	look great but after about 4 month it start press key itself . go to have to try to send it back ... pretty frustrating .
420	Keyboard	NEG	1	the ad say that be backlit ye tit be not . it also look different slightly : they send model kp-810-xx not kp-810-02 whic his backlit and show in the ad . -lrb- ... -rrb-
20	Keyboard	NEG	1	bluetooth stop pick up frequently , and this thing eat battery . use 4 aa battery which last about 2 week .
636	Keyboard	NEG	1	not only do this have the overheating and not be transparent issue but it rip right out of the box . it be fold , so when i try to unfold it , it just rip . do not . get . this .
843	Keyboard	NEG	2	i have be look for a new keyboard for a long time . i figure it be time to try out this particular model . yuck ! . i could hardly type on it , and some button require that extra oz . of pressure to type . it be un-usually bad ! i therefore decide to take a trip to a local electronics giant and see what they have on display . my finding be that most keyboard now do not have the tactile feedback we be use to , they be however more quiet and soft to the touch . that be say , i find the microsoft wireless desktop 3000 with the blue trac mouse to be a better feel and it be easier to type . it have be order and will hopefully arrive tomorrow as a replacement . 2 star on this one , a new review of the 3000 in a few day .
783	Keyboard	NEG	1	i be originally psych to get this for christmas , but after unwrap and play with it for a while , i realize that it be quite limited . for example , it do not fit unless you ipad be completely out of any and all case that you might have around it . second , and more frustratingly , the iphone 4 do not fit in it ! i be go to return and buy the bluetooth keyboard instead . at least that will work on my imac , my iphone , and my ipad .
700	Keyboard	NEG	2	since purchase the logitech revue , i go through three unit . each one have totally different , yet major flaw . finally return the device for good for a full refund . first defective unit : have a non-responsive left arrow key on the keyboard . could not go through the setup process without the use of it . exchange unit for another one . second defective unit : after a day , start reboot uncontrollably . exchange it for another one . third defective unit : after a day of use , there be a mysterious pixelated gray distortion right in the middle of the screen when watch video . power cycle resolve it for about 5 minute or so . return it for good ! i would also like to mention that all three of these unit be unable to see my 802.11 n network , or even my neighbor 's . it only would see my 802.11 g band . browse logitech 's forum show this seem to be the case . the logitech revue may possibly be 802.11 g only ! if this be the case , that will be false advertising . i would also like to mention that 99 % of the major network provider have block all video content from be view on any google tv device . i find the logitech revue to be only a netflix player when i be use it . i recommend wait a year before try google tv . i also recommend never purchase this logitech revue . 1 star , and 1 extra star for the effort .
957	Keyboard	NEG	1	i buy this keyboard about two week ago . i have so many problem with it during that time that i finally give up and return it for refund . this be the first logitech equipment that i have ever have so many problem with . in my home we have six keyboard altogether -lrb- some of they actively use , other on a shelf -rrb- . of we six keyboard , five of they be logitech keyboard . as i type this review , i be use a logitech keyboard , a `` old-fashioned '' cord keyboard with the key in a straight line -lrb- with a `` old-fashioned '' logitech cord mouse -rrb- . \*\* it work better than the keyboard that be the subject of this review . \*\* the initial , original , start installation of the wave keyboard and accompany mouse take hour ! the software -lrb- `` setpoint '' -rrb- be probably very sophisticated -lrb- 24 meg ? i should hope so ! -rrb- but i 'll never know for sure . i get it run and i could use the keyboard and the mouse , but the full installation of the latest revision of the setpoint software be never accomplish . so i try to update the program . the logitech website insist on present they 64-bit update no matter how many time i check off the 32-bit update choice . then , click on the download button on logitech 's site produce nothing . no response . zero . zip . then i go to another download site -lrb- `` hippo '' -rrb- and download the proper update . then i attempt to install it and finally succeed after several try . then i try to run setpoint . it refuse to run , state that a `` essential '' file `` khalwraper . dll '' be corrupt and therefore the install could not continue . i do a search on the net and learn that `` khalwraper . dll '' be a virus of some kind , affect the registry . then i use another program to clean my registry . setpoint still would not run , again make the statement that that essential file `` khalwraper . dll '' be corrupt . then i call customer service . i spend a lot of time in discussion , and i mention and name and slowly spell out the letter of the offend file , `` khalwraper . dll . '' the technician instruct i to uninstall setpoint , use the windows control panel option to do so . i do , and that be when i finally lose my patience ! the uninstallation of setpoint leave i with no mouse at all ! -lrb- have you ever try to run windows without a mouse , use keyboard command only ... ? -rrb- after a lot of waste time , i manage to shut down the computer , pull out all the logitech wave component and replace those component with this old-fashioned , non-wireless , non-ergonomic dinosaur . this old dinosaur work , at least . i pack up the wave , return it to amazon for refund . now i 'll try to upgrade my dinosaur . again . some word of warn about ` ergonomic ' : the word , `` ergonomic '' do not have a consistent meaning when use to describe keyboard , in my opinion . i find that the most common meaning of `` ergonomic '' in this context be a keyboard that be flat -lrb- that be , no \* wave \* in the height of the key -rrb- but with a curve to the key ' layout , a convex curve from the typist 's viewpoint . the word , `` ergonomic keyboard '' sometimes exclude the so-called `` split '' keyboard in which the keyboard key be separate into two non-curved half , one for left hand , one for right hand . sometimes these half be on the same chassis , sometimes not . be careful when choose a `` ergonomic '' keyboard and\/or mouse . what you need and what you actually buy may not `` match . '' some word of warn about wireless keyboards\/mice : if you wish to upgrade you keyboard and\/or mouse , think carefully about what you want to change and why . if you use a desktop computer and only a desktop computer , think carefully about you need for wireless device . how could use a wireless keyboard enhance you work on you desktop computer ? do you really need the freedom to move the keyboard all over the room ? what be the point ? on the other hand , a wireless mouse \*\* might \*\* be useful if you cord mouse get its tail tangle in the paperwork or other debris on you desk . think carefully ! maybe a cord keyboard with a cordless mouse be the answer . do not go wireless unless you must ! for those of you who use a laptop computer in a desktop environment , you need be different . think carefully . decide . and when you have , look around and buy \*\* exactly \*\* what you need , no less , and \*\* no more . \*\* if you can not find wireless device which meet you need , look harder ! cord device be available ! and , in the long run , i do recommend logitech .
271	Keyboard	NEG	2	i feel by now google would have a lot more content . it do not offer as much content as my new smart tv .
834	Keyboard	NEG	2	i have high hope for this item and they just do not hold up . the range be really not sufficient for `` couch to tv '' range even in my small living room . both the include bluetooth adapter and a higher quality one i purchase be unable to keep the keypad from lag . additionally , the touchpad be not very sensitive . even get on to icon be problematic , let alone attempt even the moderate precision require to manipulate a time scroll bar find in a video player app . i really wish i have return this immediately because i know it be not go to make it back out of my desk drawer any time in the near future .
365	Keyboard	NEG	2	the key be flat and squish too closely like a laptop , something i want to avoid . it be slippery like ice and easy to mistake on , especially if you type fast -lrb- 100 + wpm -rrb- lastly , this keyboard would `` shut off '' for no reason . replugg do not work , you have to restart ! it be super affordable , but you get what you pay for .
458	Keyboard	NEG	1	love it when it work . stop work after 2 month . the battery life be good . the range be fairly limited , about 10 foot usually .
918	Keyboard	NEG	2	quality of the build be good . however nothing line up . hole for rear camera be too small so you have blackness in you pic no matter how you move the case . front camera and light sensor hole be not correct . front camera can not even be use when case be install . keyboard be loose . finally velcro for hold in the tablet . terrible quality and do not effective do anything .
937	Keyboard	NEG	1	i originally give this a high rating but remove it when , after have it for only a couple of week , find that a entire row of key stop work . i originally like the price , about a third of a apple original , the light and compact frame and the action of the key , but seriously , i will not buy this brand again and will think twice about the re-seller as well .
466	Keyboard	NEG	1	the good the bad and the terrible terrible terriblerrrr how bad can it get . i try to even use one of the ac charger to charge a kindle . duh guess what doc it no workey no how no way no play . i mean it just suck the little lite glow nice and bright but it do not put out or in any juice . the sucker just sit there and do nada . nada dang i hate it when it do that . what ya mean da bird goose yes we know the bird goose !! ok that be almost as good as cross you leg with no o ok that be another blonde in a movie right . just another tookas right ?? so some bad stuff . i have so far get nothing to work out of the whole order cept maybe my finger on the key to say nothing work . they take way to long and then do not send you what the show on the page . the plug in item be not what you get , i be not sure they will even work right , dray i try to contact they and can not do that either . not again . never
944	Keyboard	NEG	1	i be really excite about this product and though i try and try and try i never get this thing to work . this be the problem with amazon , no one to call to get help . this product have no customer support , no website to find trick . basically what happen be i plug it in and it `` charge '' it start to pair but fail everytime and it also seem to fail to get a charge . so i try it with several other people iphone but the 3 and 3 and now i have the 4 all failure . do not buy this product !
821	Keyboard	NEG	1	order be place 10 day before christmas . it be now the 14th of january and i be still wait for the item .
6	Keyboard	NEG	1	i do not speak englishman like that that they forgive the mistake . this product do not work since the connection for the keyboard this one located exactly below of the tablet what it make impossible to place the adapter and to connect the keyboard ... not if i make myself explain but the conclusion be that if you buy it you will lose you money .
