index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
262	Sandal	POS	4	this be my second pair of rainbow -lrb- the first pair be premium leather , and i do not know that if they get wet , you have to dry they immediately - so they start to get pretty gnarled -rrb- . these be great , durable sandal - great for school , since they dont require you to take they off if you have to walk through water . they do hurt you foot for the first few day , so i break they in via many short trip in they , not one whole day , which i do in my leather , which make my foot feel like s \*\*\* ! the one i buy be black , so they dont show dirt as easily . i do miss the different color rubber on the side , but that minor . plus , theyre cheaper and more `` eco-friendly '' than the leather !
696	Sandal	POS	5	big fan of the flop . give they a little wear and they form to you foot perfectly . very glad about this purchase .
717	Sandal	POS	5	this be absolutely the best casual shoe i ever buy . the genuine light brown leather with saddle-type stitching be extremely stylish and the comfort be second to none . timberland hit a home run with this shoe -lrb- i only wish they make the same exact style in black -rrb- . we local macy 's department store have one pair leave and price at $ 100.00 , so this purchase at $ 79.30 be right from the begginning !
462	Sandal	POS	5	this be a great pair of reef flip flop . 2nd pair of reef i have own after wear sperry 's for year . love the reefs . the fine leather on the sole feel good on you foot and they do not make you foot sweat . all the report of comfort be right on . live in florida and wear shorts and summer clothes 9 month of the year , i wear flip flop a lot , to the beach , on boat , out and about , i love they . i would highly recommend they .
137	Sandal	POS	5	got these for my boyfriend & he absolutely love they ! comfortable , sturdy , and great for hike around red rocks .
78	Sandal	POS	5	i be a camper , bike rider and kayakar . most of my weekend i spend in various national park across nsw , australia . originally i buy a pair of hus tech and then a pair of salomon for my january break . the intention be to carry just one pair of footwear that will be versatile enough to tackle mountain , bushland , marsh , sand and salt water . the hus tech one be light but not tough enoguht and no toe cover . the salomon -lrb- techamphibian 3 -rrb- be a little too harsh i.e. not cushiony enough in the inside cause i a little blistery . then this keen newport one arrive out of the blue , 10 day earlier than the expect delivery -lrb- thanks amazon !! faster than most aussie online store -rrb- . excite i put the pair on and literally i have not take they off over last three week . the pair hug my foot through a 150km rugged mtb trail between ulladulla and jarvis bay -lrb- nsw south coast -rrb- multiple surfing and suping trip to the beach and lake , shopping centre , really wet tent setup and pack up . this pair literaly hug my foot . neoprene interior be nice and comfy and i could wear it despite 3\/4 cut -lrb- from snorkele in shell infested bay -rrb- on my toe -lrb- with bandaid of course -rrb- . the sole be tough and structure like my shimano bike sandal and the grip\/traction be excellent !! i do wear it at work -lrb- legal due to toe cover -rrb- in very hot australian summer day -lrb- mercury hit 47 last week -rrb- . my female camper colleague be so overwhelm by my constant eulogy of keen newport that she order a pair from amazon last week . i strongly recommend this pair for all-terain multi-outdoor activity .
965	Sandal	POS	4	these be my favorite shoe . comfortable and they grip well . they seem to last a season be use regularly in the sun and water . for the price i would like to see they last a little longer but i like they enough to keep get they . i also notice -lrb- as everyone else do who be close to i -rrb- that they can smell pretty bad . when i be in and out of the water a lot it do not happy but wear they on land only for a few day they start to smell .
165	Sandal	POS	5	the keen h2 newport be probably the most comfortable sandal i have ever worn . the fit be perfect -lrb- note : keen site say this model run about a half-size smaller than list . -rrb- since i want the sandal for beach and wet-wear , i get my regular size and the fit be snug but perfect for water wear . look forward to get they wet in the caribbean soon .
877	Sandal	POS	5	the inside sole of this shoe feel like suede and be very soothing to the foot , along with the support contour that i need . i prefer the birkibuc to the suede strap because bircubuc hold its shape when the shoe be off so you can slip you foot right in where suede collapse and you have to wriggle in . i be not crazy about the color -- it be kind of a stone cold gray and i would have prefer some warmer brown tone -- but i have already exchange the shoe two time and do not want to do it again . but for comfort i be completely satisfy .
174	Sandal	POS	5	i be a repeat purchaser of birkenstock footwear and find they to be extremely comfortable throughout the year . the company i order from be extremely efficient , the product be as advertise and the shipping arrive two day earlier than project . i would buy again from this company without hesitation .
890	Sandal	POS	5	my wife for a month try to convince i not to buy these sandal . as a man , you only wear 1 pair of sandal . she own at least 30 pair in different color , style and the like , old navy , gap , havianna i could keep go , but i digress . i buy a pair when i go to cali a few year ago , she call they dingy and make i get rid of they , i regret it ! i finally insist on buy these . they be the best sandal hand down . do not let the price sway you . these will become you every day sandal . they have superior craftsmanship and be make of very durable leather material . the sole be very durable and can withstand day to day walk on concrete sidewalk . i wear they religiously throughout the summer month . invest in a pair and i promise you 'll be back for another in a few year when they need replace .
273	Sandal	POS	5	when i receive these sandal , they be tight at first , which be a good thing , because they stretch and now fit my foot like a glove . they be nice look and seem like they will last quite a while , be a floridian , i go through sandal several time a year . judge from prior review , i believe i have a few year to go . prime for $ 33 ? thanks amazon !
357	Sandal	POS	5	very nicely make shoe . they be exactly what i expect . i especially like that the back strap can be remove to make they slip on . my father would trip with he old shoe , but now he have return to be a confident walker ! a great product .
677	Sandal	POS	5	these geta be just what we need for we convention , and they arrive in time too . though from a personal standpoint , i suggest walk around in they first before actually go out for a weekend long event .
207	Sandal	POS	5	i have three pair of these sandal and never have a problem with they . they fit well for sandal and be washable in a washer . the toe protection come in handy whether it be kayake or just knock around in the backyard . the color choice be a add plus . no need for i to recommend they as they recommend themselves well .
480	Sandal	POS	5	these be my second pair of rainbows . i wear completely through the sole of my first pair . -lrb- after about 5 year of pretty heavy use -rrb- so , i purchase the exact same pair . a couple of thing to know about rainbows ... the longer you keep they \/ wear they , the better they fit . also , there be absolutely a break-in period . they may destroy you foot the first couple of time you wear they ! but , hang in there ... it be worth those blister ! also , even though they be leather , i have get mine muddy , soak wet , etc. . . and they clean up great and survive the abuse .
5	Sandal	POS	5	all i can say be wow ! i have always be a huge fan of teva 's - and still be - but these timberland be the nicest sandal i have ever see . i get a lot of compliment on they , they be comfortable , and they do not seem to get as sweaty as my teva 's do .
584	Sandal	POS	5	amazing sandal . i think i be on my 3rd or 4th pair . i wear they all the time during the summer . it be the only type of sandal i own . like i say , i have be buy they since 2005 . i 'll never buy another brand .
836	Sandal	POS	5	the best pair of sandal i have ever own . this make my fourth pair , same style and color that i have order . i believe i get a pair each year now . excellent quality and fit for i .
106	Sandal	POS	5	my son in law love he rainbow sandal . even though he old pair last quite a while , he need a new pair . he have be happy with they for they comfort and durability .
243	Sandal	POS	5	these keen newport h2 sandals be very comfortable much better than my teva 's . i order the same size as my tennis shoe . i would not hesitate to buy this product again . the supplier in spokane , washington be great . i have recommend they to everyone . amazon be so easy to deal with .
631	Sandal	POS	5	i be over 62 year of age and have always make it a rule to never wear sandal . i always think they look silly wand i do not like the feel of wear shoe without sock . but we be get ready to take another cruise and i be look for a all purpose `` water shoe '' or something that i could get wet and sandy and still be able to walk comfortably while on shore excursion or shopping . i find these and read the review -lrb- more positive than negative -rrb- and decide to take a chance on they . i have always have good experience buy from amazon partner and this be no exception . the quality , of the sandal , be first class as well as the comfort wet or dry . it take some time to get use to wear they -lrb- about 5 minute -rrb- . i end up wear they almost everywhere both onboard the ship and off the ship . i can not wait for summer so that i can start wear they again . i highly recommend they . make sure you follow the size recommendation before you order . order a half size larger than you would normally wear . if i ever wear they out , i will certainly buy another pair .
60	Sandal	POS	5	i own several pair of birkenstocks . as always , the comfort and support of these sandal be outstanding . a add plus -- these sandal look more stylish and feminine than many of the birkenstock style . i definitely recommend they .
663	Sandal	POS	5	there be allot of different vendor for birkenstock on amazon and , in my opinion , ya get to be careful that you be get real leather instead of the birkobuc fake leather . i have leather birk that be over ten year old and still go strong . these be real , black leather birk and i pay $ 77.00 for they . fast free shipping and a trouble free transaction . highly recommend amazon and birkenstock .
251	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable and durable especially on the inside of the shoe . these be replace a identical pair worn frequently for 6 year .
27	Sandal	POS	4	my husband be very happy with these sandal . he wear they all over in cabo san lucas . no problem . let 's see if they last , like they say ...
808	Sandal	POS	5	unlike a futon bed , these sandal get more comfortable over time . yes for the first week or two these be down right unpleasant , but not unbearable , to wear . if you manage to get past the trail of moderatly sore foot then you get a treasure , one that be guarenteed for a numbed of year . the hemp material be rot and mold resistant make this a ideal shoe to take in most outing . submerge it water , coat it with mud or run it over with a car and toss they in the dish washer , and prepare for delight . more confortable sandal do exist but in the furture .
303	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase my last pair of rainbow during my first year of college and they last i 8 year as the most comfortable sandal i have ever worn . finally decide it be time to get a new pair and the quality be still just as good .
328	Sandal	POS	5	i be delighted with these sandal . i find that they be generously size and very well padded and supportive . i think that i should be able to hike comfortably all day in these though i have not be out much yet , -lrb- january in minnesota -rrb- .
286	Sandal	POS	5	while the hemp rainbow do not seem to last as long as they leather version , these be super comfortable and do not develop that terrible sandal smell as fast as my leather rainbows do . i have have my hemp sandal for about 2 year , and they be just now become unwearable . i have only buy my rainbow from the manufacturer , which be a tad more expensive but you get a warranty along the line of - if the layer separate or the strap break before the bottom wear through we 'll send you a new pair . if you look at the size chart on the rainbows site it might clear up any size issue , all of the women size taper toward the heel , if you do not like the tapered look i would suggest buy they men sandal , which i have buy before , they be quite a bit wider than the women style . i wear a women 10 1\/2 and i usually order the l10 size from they . all in all i have have fantastic luck with my rainbow .
148	Sandal	POS	4	receive the shoe in good condition . the size 9.5 of the shoe be smaller than what i be use to purchasing .
902	Sandal	POS	5	i have never be much of a flip flop wearer . my last pair i have own for year . i finally have enough of they realize that there must be a better option out there . a friend recommend these to i over reef . i decide to order a pair of both . i order these in sand colored x-large -lrb- 11-12 -rrb- . i be a pretty consistent size 11 across the board and find these to fit i perfectly . for reference , i also order the  reef man 's fanning flip flop  these rainbow flip flop will satisfy the traditionalist , favor a simpler design , a ultra-soft surface and great arch support . the reef 's have a raise heel that really help keep they on my foot , a spongy surface , and be also very comfortable . out of the box , i have have a slight preference for the reef 's , prefer the way they stay on my foot while i walk . after wear the reef 's for a day , the strap start to dig into my right foot , which be slightly smaller than my left , create a blister . i have since be wear the rainbows a bit more and be start to feel almost as comfortable wear they as the reef which do stick to my foot better . these do not cause i any blister . overall , i would say that the rainbows be a bit more comfortable , but need break in more than the reef which be more effortless to walk in . if it be not for the blister , the reef would be the clear favorite to i . i think both pair of flip flop just need break in a little more and my foot need a little bit of a callus build up . i be very happy with both pair of flip flop and you could not go wrong with either .
541	Sandal	POS	4	okay , i wear these thing sail dinghy all the time . i race flying scots and lasers . in the sun , these baby get pretty hot . whats more , when i do a beach launch of a laser -lrb- i just get back from crete - sailing in the aegean sea in a laser -rrb- these shoe fill with sand and i be too busy sailing to stop and empty they over the side . you see , competitive racing in a dinghy do not leave heap of time for such muck about . moreover , in a laser , a 505 or a similar athletic dinghy , you be likely to end up swim if you leave go of the rudder or main sheet for even a moment in a breeze even if you think you have get the boat in iron . there be not time to dork around with such thing . on the positive side , these stick like glue to a foredeck . i be on foredeck of a scot the other day fight with a out-of-control spinnaker in a breeze with the lee rail under water and the deck at about 30 degree . my foot be not slip at all ! it be pretty amazing really .
178	Sandal	POS	5	the shipping be very fast . this thong be very stylish and comfortable . i feel it be a well make thong and will purchase another pair when theese wear out . also , this thong have good grip and be slip resistant on the boat .
156	Sandal	POS	5	once you break they in they be super comfortable . really great sandal ! i have a size 12 foot , and that be what i order but i should have get a 12.5 or 13 . so that be the only thing i would do differently . so order a little larger then you normally get .
825	Sandal	POS	5	these be the most comfortable flop , after you break they in which take a few day . do not put they on and go for a long walk as soon as you get they , you will probably lose some skin . with that say i have be wear rainbow for the last 10 year and finally have to replace my original pair . very durable and very comfy as well
437	Sandal	POS	5	do you know how difficult it be to find man 's 14 shoe ? my son wear size 14 and have since he be 13 . when he enter high school all the other boy be wear flip flop and i could not find any that be size 14 . finally at a local retailer , i find one pair of rainbows that be size 14 . every year i would look for flip flop that be size 14 . i would bring other brand home and my son would ask `` do not they have rainbows ? '' . i be so excite when i find they on amazon this year . i do not know why i do not think to look before now . these be not you ordinary flip flop .
222	Sandal	POS	5	great product . i have be a fan of birkenstocks since i inherit a pair of my mom . they last 10 year ! i be so pleased with these ! a must have .
310	Sandal	POS	5	the ugliest and most comfortable sandal there be . make sure you get the right size . and the strap be a little long and i have to carve in two more hole . but overall , they be ergonomically perfect . too bad my wife will not let i wear they in public ...
942	Sandal	POS	5	excellent , sandal , i just go raft down the south fork of the amaerican river , do not lose they , and they still look new . i work at a nusery , i foot be constantly wet , they quick dry , still hold they shape , and look brand new , and be super comfortable . will be buying another pair soon . how keen !!!
145	Sandal	POS	5	these flip flop be great . they look good , feel great and hold up well . i finally buy something online that be as good as it look .
66	Sandal	POS	4	i purchase this sandal about a month ago and have wear it virtually every day since its arrival . i be well please with it as it be quite comfortable to the extent i wear it . i tend to shift in and out of several shoe during a day so i can not comment to its comfort if worn for extended time or over substantial distance . mid-october , 2012 . still wear these sandal , though with sock on some crispy day . my foot be happy in they . i have a painful right foot which have be problematic since my early teens . dress shoe have always be a exercise in stoic endurance for i . most shoe grow uncomfortable in a matter of hour . i habitually change footwear several time a day to keep thing under control . as i have age i have less padding on the sole of my foot result in mount discomfort . only one pair of columbia hiker permit i hike all over north and east africa oblivious to my foot . until these sandal . i have find that i can wear they nearly all day walk for mile , change only when i get home . it must be wonderful to have normal foot . i hope you be not take yours for grant . now that i get old enough to not give a damn i may even evolve into wear they with formal attire . einstein get away with non-conformance to social convention . i may just have to remain silent so that people think i must be brilliant , and eccentric . happy foot .
565	Sandal	POS	5	my husband say : wear they daily . nice arch support , my heel fall in the center rather than on the left side , all in all the best flip flop i have ever have on my foot and i have try they all , tevas , rainbows , you name it .
240	Sandal	POS	5	these be wonderful and they last forever . i buy they for my boyfriend and he have one other pair from forever ago . he say they be the most comfortable sandal and he love they !!
253	Sandal	POS	5	i get a pair of these at the store and pay 130 for they , but honestly they be worth every penny . they be so damn comfortable its not funny , and the best part be they get more and more comfortable as you wear they . best purchase i have make in a while . i can not wait until the weather warm up enough to wear they around normally .
757	Sandal	POS	5	i love my rainbow sandal ! they be great ; i have be wear they for year now . when i order the wrong size , they be fast and efficient in get i the correct size . great seller !
351	Sandal	POS	5	i love these waterproof sandal . they float . they fall into the pool one time and do not sink . more importantly , the contoured footbed be fantastic . it make for a very comfortable fit . for extra protection and support my local shoemaker add on a quarter inch rubber sole . i have be wear the same pair for two year now . they be strong , sturdy and hold up well .
192	Sandal	POS	5	bought my pair at the orange county fair last weekend . they truly be the best feeling sandal i have own and good cushion along with have great support . these pair of sandsl i feel i can wear anywhere , because of the support it provide along with the great feel . i would definitely buy another pair .
308	Sandal	POS	5	buy this as a cooler alternative to hike shoe and\/or run shoe for a trip to hot and humid china . i wear this every day , include hike up the great wall ... call this a sandal do not do it justice !
42	Sandal	POS	4	i be about to order my third pair , but fair warn these be for light duty use . they have soft grippy sole with air pocket that can handle almost anything with comfort on a occasional basis , but be best use if the majority of walking be do in a carpeted area . if you walk on concrete\/tar a lot , you 'll probably find the sole do not last long enough for you taste . first the center air bubble will pop , then the inner sole will crack along the back of the bubble , and once that happen , they leak . mine have last about a year and a half on average , but i be fairly sedentary most day . definitely not a shoe for foot-dragger .
936	Sandal	POS	5	the break in period be a little uncomfortable but after a week or two these sandal be amazingly comfy . i wear they everywhere and my foot never complain . delivery be quick and the whole purchase process be easy and painless . i highly recommend these sandal for anyone seek the best sandal around .
67	Sandal	POS	5	this be the first pair of rainbows that i have own and i like they a lot . i only write a review to note that , unlike some other , i do not have any significant problem with a uncomfortable `` breaking-in '' phase . very comfortable , look good , and a month in , they have conform nicely to my foot .
199	Sandal	POS	5	i love birkinstocks and have be wear they for many year . i have a narrow foot . i own four pair of birki haiti sandals . i end up wear they almost everyday in the summer . they be comfortable and bomb proof . i do wear a size smaller in this particular sandal .
688	Sandal	POS	5	first time rainbow user , but long time sandal wearer . i hear for such a long time how these be the best ever . i be not a believer that they be better than the rest , but i think a trial be need to see if they live up to they reputation . this sandal exceed all rumor about the shoe . it be double layered so it will be durable , and now with a half of summer of use it look as if it have just a few day . the break-in process take only a few time of use and my happiness level sky rocket . i think its safe to say that i will only be see wear rainbow for year to come !
524	Sandal	POS	5	many year ago purchase this soap while overseas . try find it in the u.s. but to no avail ; however , thanks to amazon i have get it . it be a high quality soap with a awesome scent . i recommend it to both gender . e.j.
952	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear my rainbow for the past two month . i trek across europe and china with they , and they still look and feel great . there be a break-in period , but they be very comfortable now . also , if you be unsure about you size , definitely go a size up .
186	Sandal	POS	5	the zory show up in reasonable time and be exactly as describe ... the leather take a few wearing to loosen up , but it be a comfortable fit and like the color !
715	Sandal	POS	5	first pair be too large and be return . the second pair fit perfectly . just need some hole put into the strap for a tighter fit . now perfect .
910	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear these for the past five year . year ago on a family vacation at a lake with a rocky shoreline , i slice my toe open on a rock . after that i try various water shoe and sandal over the year , none of which i really like . then one day at the beach i see a friend wear these , and he buy i a gray pair for my birthday . i have worn nothing else since . i recently buy a second pair in black , not because the first pair have wear out -lrb- they still work just fine -rrb- , but because i want a different color , and think the black pair look really sharp . here be why i like these . 1 . this be the most heavy duty pair of sandal that i have own . while some review have note that they be heavier than other sandal -lrb- which be true -rrb- , to i that do not affect they comfort in any way , or the ability to walk or run in they -lrb- i like run on the beach with these because i do not have to worry if they get wet -rrb- . 2 . these provide the best protection for you foot that i know of . no worry about stub you toe because the toe be reinforce like no other sandal or water shoe that i have own . it be like have the protection of a work boot . one review note that sand can collect in the toe area and other part of the sandal when you walk on the beach . true , but it be not uncomfortable , and i just rinse these off when i leave the beach for the day . 3 . the bottom also provide solid reinforcement . no worry for i about cut my foot on broken shell at the beach or slippery rock at the lake . these have also protect my foot from sharp coral reef and jag volcanic rock that i have encounter on vacation . these sandal literally save i from serious personal injury when a jet ski i be ride on vacation flip over in a area fill with volcanic rock -- i feel they on the bottom of these sandal as i try to right the jet ski . without these sandal my foot would have be slice to ribbon . 4 . the traction on these be excellent . i have use these to go into the deep end of a empty in ground pool that be coat with slimy alga to clean the wall without lose my balance . i have also use they to climb on jetty at the beach . 5 . i wear a medium width and recommend that you size up either a half size or full size . my first pair be a full size up and a little loose . my current pair be a half size up and fit perfectly . but each person 's foot be different . bottom line : i wear these for any water related activity that i do -- sailing , power boat , jet skiing , walk on the beach , go in the ocean , even swim in a lake that have a rocky bottom -lrb- it be a little tough to swim with they , but i prefer that to slice my foot on a rock -rrb- . i highly recommend they . shop for price . during the summer you can often find they on sale for 15-20 % off . i buy mine online on sale from ems .
13	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these for my husband for we disney world vacation . they be great and comfortable for the whole week !
235	Sandal	POS	5	i wear these every day , year around . i wear they to work , i wear they to do yard work . i wear they build a fence , to the beach , to town , to the movie , and to dinner . i simply wear they all the time . they be a bit pricey but they hold up and with how much i wear they i feel its worth it for i . they be a bit tight when you first get they but after you break they in they be super nice to wear . i really can not say enough about these , best sandal make .
806	Sandal	POS	4	love they they be so comfortable , they stay be the bed and go on as soon as i come home from work .
443	Sandal	POS	5	i have be a fan of reef but decide to try a pair of rainbows . still in the break in period but already molding comfortably . pretty expensive for a pair of sandal as compare to reef -lrb- which in they own be a good pair of sandal -rrb- but you get what you pay for . i have read a review of someone say that they heel would fall of they rainbows cause they to hurt . i have that problem with my reef but it do not seem like it will be as likely with the rainbows because they be a tighter fit compare to the sloppiness that you get with reef sometimes . seem like that reviewer have a pair that be to large .
252	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love these sandal . he be a general contractor and usually wear boot , and be notoriously hard on shoe . these sandal have last for 4 year ! they be substantial enough to provide support and protection , and the fit be adjustable , with the bungie cord . waterproof , sweat proof , odor proof . they be finally wear out and i can not order more from this site , because - i ca not see what size they be ! even if i miss it somewhere , it should be more noticeable . jeeze . find what you be look for , they have it for a great price , but i do not want to end up with sandal for decoration if they be the wrong size !
363	Sandal	POS	5	if you have not own a pair before be aware you will probably have a break in period , but after a few wear these begin to form to you foot and instantly become fave . i have own the single layer and i have to say that the double layer really do make a difference in the arch support . if the strap break rainbow will take 'em back as long as you have not wear into the next layer . i wear the guy sandal because i have wider foot and they fit just right !
658	Sandal	POS	5	first off jim be my husband , but i love love love these shoe . this be my second pair . i also have a 3 strap pair which be nice but i come back for the 2 strap . they be more comfortable for i . i remodel my house and put ceramic tile through out . it be easier to clean and look nice . but it give i back ache and i find that my back be tire after be on my foot for very long . i order my first pair of burky because i think they would help . and help they do . i no longer have back ache from stand on the hard floor and my back do not get tired even when i be on my foot all day and these shoe be the reason why . i wear they every day in the summer without sock and every day in the winter with sock . i wear dress shoe to church or out but as soon as i get home out come my burky and my foot immediately feel better . my posture be better and my foot look better . i have a high arch and it be take a beating in my high price tennis shoe that be suppose to be so supportive . now my foot be back to better health then they have be since i be a teenager . i be afraid my arch be ruin and i be go to have problem and would have to live with it . but , thank the good lord . i tell everyone get these shoe even if you have flat or i should say especially if you have flat foot . these will help you more then any foot doctor can .
242	Sandal	POS	5	i have worn these sandal out ! would love to find another pair . they be super comfortable , look nice on my foot , and be neutral so they go with anything i wear . i like the silky suede much better than the hard leather style and look for it specifically . these have be the perfect shoe for i .
355	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these for my hubby after rave about my own for month - i take a punt and base my hubby 's size use the eur size to match with current shoe and sandal he have and ' shazam ' i have a win ... i have be wear these in a big kid size 6 because it be a 39 but nice and wide for i and they cost less so i have they in about 6 different color - wassa -lrb- the hubby -rrb- love they we wear they walk the dog cause we usually end up in the water at the beach or in the creek and he think they be perfect - i get the one 's with the close in heel for myself , i be a little paranoid about cut my foot on rock and coral which can end up in a ugly infection ... really really comfy and you just can not kill 'em - throw they in the washer or a bucket with soap to freshen if they get a bit on the nose .
905	Sandal	POS	5	i have the hardest time finding shoe that fit , but these be perfect . but , in my opinion , you can not go wrong with a birki !! wish the black be available in my size .
760	Sandal	POS	5	excellent . . great medicine for sore foot and back problem . great price and no shipping charge ; fast delivery
732	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these shoe because i need something to get around in for a 2 week trip to hawaii . i get they a couple day before we leave so i have no time to break they in , but they feel break in the first day i wear they . i wear they hike and on the beach and on volcanic rock . i have never be wild about sandal , but i can tell you i be anxious for spring in colorado so i can wear they again . i be a photographer , and i pretty much expect to wear these pretty much all the time during summer landscape shoot ! i highly recommend they !
277	Sandal	POS	5	this purchase be a gift for my husband . he and i have own keen since the day they come on the market ! we love them . this pair be he 3rd pair and he could not be more happy with they . they be the perfect shoe for everything from river hiking , to dry land hiking , to a day in the city , to a day at the park ! they be comfortable and oh so reliable . keen newport h2 's be a must for just about everyone ! -lrb- can you tell i really dig these shoe , hehee -rrb-
377	Sandal	POS	5	see these elsewhere and get they here for less . they be very confortable and offer good arch support . really happy with this purchase and plan to get a second pair in a different color . update : less than 8 hour after i write this review , amazon raise the price from $ 72 to $ 95 . thumb down to amazon , but it be still a good shoe .
520	Sandal	POS	5	after read all the great review , i have to try they . they be exactly what i be look for , weatherproof sandal , protect toe , and great color ! but after check around locally , i could not find this specific model . so last week i finally make the commitment and purchase they . and boy be i glad i do !! wow , fabulous ! many reviewer mention how comfortable and flexible they be , but no one , that i read , mention the room through the ball of the foot and toe ! all too often these day shoe be way too narrow ! these be fabulous ! buy a pair , i think you will be as happy as the rest of we !
863	Sandal	POS	5	buy they close to 3 year ago and they be still go strong , even with daily beach use for a solid year and a half .
155	Sandal	POS	5	shoe be not a easy item for i to purchase . i would rather go to the dentist . i be pigeon toe with wide foot . most people do not notice because the ` insert ' in my shoe correct my walk . keen be the first shoe i be able to wear without a orthodic . \* now i be a woman who be crazy about shoe . my newport be a hit as wedding shoe and i be able to use they daily after the ` big ' day ... just wish they be a little more affordable and available . ca not purchase online . . have to make sure they fit just right .
132	Sandal	POS	5	rainbow make the best sandal and stand behind they product . this order be deliver quickly and exactly as order . i would highly recommend rainbow sandal !
374	Sandal	POS	5	my husband do not know he need these but they be comfortable from the first and he love they . very well make , attractive and versatile . have not use the water-proof part yet but glad to have it .
543	Sandal	POS	5	this be the first pair of keens my husband have have and he be pretty please with they - so comfortable and hopefully no more smelly foot !!! highly recommend they .
516	Sandal	POS	5	these keen be literally life saver for i . after go down some class 4 's in a sit-on-top fishing kayak on the cumberland river , i have to climb lot of rock . if not for these shoe , the outcome may have be different . they do get gravel in they sometimes , but not that big of a deal . great shoe , would definitely recommend !!!
968	Sandal	POS	5	lifetime customer and avid beach goer . i wear these all the time and all day . the sandal be replace through they directly if defective . i be 35 year with they and these be my 5th pair . i really do enjoy the comfort and the feel . http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/gp\/product\/b000jcvhew
495	Sandal	POS	5	i would highly recommend these sandal to anybody . they take about a week on solid wear for they to break in and conform to you foot , but once they do , they be great . and the stitching be guarantee for life !
413	Sandal	POS	5	to be honest i nearly throw they away after a few day . i be inform that to begin with they might hurt a bit , especially i have not worn this type of sandal for many year , and sure enough after wear then for 2 day i have blister on both foot - very painful . but after a week rest they go back on be be now great - really comfortable . and a really well make product .
138	Sandal	POS	5	i love birkenstock , and have always go for the leather , but i think i would give the birkibuc a try . love it ! it still conform to my foot like leather do , but it do not stretch as much as leather so i do not have to cut new hole .
17	Sandal	POS	4	i like these sandal very much , but what to do when the lace break ? i have send keen two e-mail ask this question -- and have receive no reply . no shoe store that i have visit have ever see lace like these -lrb- bungee-cord style -rrb- . any suggestion ?
421	Sandal	POS	4	these be very good thong for the price . however , if you have high arch like i do , you may find they hard to wear until you can stretch the thick leather strap .
170	Sandal	POS	5	hand down the most comfortable sandal out of the box i have ever worn . they go well with anything and be comfortable and easy to walk in as well as easy to clean . just a great sandal all around .
617	Sandal	POS	5	i love this style of birkenstock shoe and the color go with anything you wear , which make it a versatil and comfortable shoe to wear
53	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable . much nicer then the last keen i have . love the black on black . the yellow look great . thanks
333	Sandal	POS	5	these be a replacement pair of rainbow since my last pair recently break after a couple year . i get much wear out of these sandal and they form fit to you foot . great delivery time and everything
701	Sandal	POS	5	just as advertise . great fit . i have be wear they everyday since i have take they out of the box .
83	Sandal	POS	5	ok , i be not the `` review stuff online '' kind of person ; this be the first time i have do so . but as i put my four year-old pair of keen newport h2 sandal on this morning , i be totally appreciate they comfort and longevity ! i can honestly say that when these wear out -lrb- whenever that may be ! -rrb- , i will go out and buy another pair . they be just well-built , comfortable , and attractive as these kind of sandal could be . my foot have be so happy !
227	Sandal	POS	4	the keen website 's statement about 1\/2 size upping and the few post here regard the size concerned i a bit , so i would like to place my input by say for i it be true to size . the toe have a gap , but barely . and it really do have a sneaker feel to it with sandal comfort . one thing odd be that the right and leave shoe fit differently in appearance . could be my foot . for example ... the right small toe be cover under a strap and the left small toe be the only open toe . odd . give they a go for the day and i find it to be comfortable .
349	Sandal	POS	5	comfortable , hold up well , dry out after get wet and dont look dark like the leather one get after get wet , and they look good too .
168	Sandal	POS	5	i love these sandal and the price on amazon be amazing . i have own 5 pair of rainbow and this be my first pair of double stack . they be even better than the regular rainbow now i have 3 pair . if you wear sandal on a daily basis as i do you will appreciate the extra cushion of the double stack . warning : the sandal have a break in which they be kinda of uncomfertable and very snug , this insure a great fit after the break in .
190	Sandal	POS	4	i know i sound like a nut but yes , i be buy my fifth pair ! love these shoe soooooo much ! the foot bed be very comfortable and i love the look . my only gripe be they only last i about 12 to 18 month . i wear they every day after work and on the weekend and for a shoe that be suppose to last even if you get it wet ... these dont do so hot ... the thong be always where they fail . i sure wish sperry would improve this !!!
736	Sandal	POS	5	i have have this shoe for a couple of month and have be use it this summer in the humid east coast , desert of new mexico , and tropics of hawaii . it be a great sandal and alternative to regular shoe if you know the caveat . this be my opinion : sizing : i normally wear 9.5 w shoe . keen be fit to be snug with no sloppiness of a traditional sandal . i buy first a 9.5 then as a backup a 10 because i do not want the hassel of return it . i think at first the 9.5 be too snug . i be wrong . after a month of break in , the shoe fit like a glove . my recommendation however be , if you want a sandal to replace a hike shoe and you plan to be very active with it , buy you regular shoe size and let it break in and mold to you foot . my toe be very close to the end of the shoe but not touch . i think i would be jam my toe after awhile . that never happen . the shoe be snug and my foot do not move around . if on the other hand , you want a more traditional , casual , looser fitting sandal for walk around the mall but a closed toe to prevent the occasional toe jam , buy a half size up . close toe : i be not use to it in a sandal . at first i think the snug fit would start to bug i because i can occasionally feel the top of my toe touch the top of the shoe . it have not . as you break in the shoe you toe get a smidgen more room , but not sloppy more room . temperature : this sandal be more like a hike shoe with a lot of ventilation slit . you foot be very well cover and protect with this sandal . however , this make you foot warmer than most sandal and perspire more , hence the comment of foot odor over a period of time . still cooler than a hike shoe but warmer than the open toe sandal . this sandal be useable in cooler season like early spring and late fall know it could keep you foot warmer than other sandal type . protection : can climb and walk on nearly any terrain with confidence . only real caution be climb volcanic rock and jam you foot into crevasse . the sandal still expose some of you skin . debris : dirt , sand , twig , seed , etc. that get in the sandal stay there until you take off you sandal . walk into a fast move stream can clear it out without take it off . washable : all synthetic and no leather so i have wash they with no concern . do dry slower than most , so if you wash they at night and want they dry in the morning , put they under a fan at low setting overnight to dry it out . i have not yet put they in the dryer , but seem at low temperature it should be ok . look : kinda look like i go to spiderman to make i a pair of sandal . it have that very busy , webbing , stringy look . wife 's immediate first reaction be : `` that be really ugly ! '' i probably will not wear these to any wedding in the near future . however she be get use to they . besides , attractive sandal will not be on my mind when i be suffer from a painful or cut-up foot ... fyi i have a nice pair of leather ecco sandal for casual social event ... but those will never see a intentional salt water immersion no matter what ecco 's ad say . overall : these be a extremely comfortable , all purpose sandal if you only want to bring along one pair of shoe to hike , slog in mud , run , dive into the surf , climb rock , traverse a stream , or just walk around the mall and to be able to just wash they out at night and start anew in the morning .
143	Sandal	POS	5	since these be not the typical birkenstock sandal , i be skeptical . surprisingly , they conform to my foot and be incredibly comfortable ! now you can have birk on in the garden without destroy they . water , mud and sand ... everything just rinse off ! they be strong and durable and well worth the price .
908	Sandal	POS	5	i buy my first pair of birk 's last year while experience some major foot problem . they be the basic one with the thick strap , the only style i could find in my size with the softer sole . this year my heel pain be go but i still need the great arch support of the birk 's . i want to find a pair that be more stylish and look less clunky . these fit the bill perfectly . the break-in period be longer because they have the normal birk sole . at first i think the strap across the top feel tight , but within a few wearing it stretch and be comfortable .
893	Sandal	POS	4	love they super comfortable . if you like i you not super confinable with have you toe expose . i be very skeptical when i 1st consider purchase sandal . i be more of a sneaker head myself . i practical live in a pair of air force one . they seam like a good compromise between the two . after the 1st time wean they my position be change . they work real well with a pair of jeans or shorts . would have give in 5 star but the color be a little off . its little darker then in picture , but the comfort level make up for it .
213	Sandal	POS	4	i buy these for my brother for christmas . he wear 8.5 w -lrb- us -rrb- so i buy the 42m -lrb- eu -rrb- and they fit perfectly . it be a little difficult order shoe in european size without try they on , but the size scale be accurate . he love they ! they ship fast and in a official birkenstock shoe box .
489	Sandal	POS	5	got these for my husband for christmas and he love they ! we be avid hiker and have always be impress with keen footwear , and these do not disappoint . good combination of function and comfort .
695	Sandal	POS	5	i be go on a camping trip that involve cave walking and learn at the last minute my sneaker would not be appropriate and be advise to buy a pair of keens . i have -lrb- 48 hour before i leave on the trip and make this purchase with a one day delivery -- and it arrive on time . the shoe be perfect , comfortable and have not only walk in cave and up gentle sloping cliff , but in the backyard -lrb- very comfortable -rrb- and even in the ocean and beach in hawaii . these be perfect shoe if you have to deal with moisture while walk . 5 stars for sure .
551	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear birkenstock sandal for the last twenty-five year , however this birkenstock arizona soft footbed sandal be by far the most comfortable . this soft footbed be amazing , and there seem to be a very short break-in period . as a orthotic footwear , the correction and benefit derive from wear birkenstocks sandal be also a very good selling point . i would highly recommend the birkenstock soft footbed sandals .
76	Sandal	POS	4	i buy the black premier leather double layer . pro comfortable after a couple day of break they in . durable . i have wear they for extend period in some harsh condition and be surprise they do not break . con they have a very strong paint thinner smell for about a week . if you wear they wet they will stain you foot dark black . price mine be about 1 year old . the color be kind of fading and the leather sole be pretty mess up from water and sun damage . i still wear they because it be my only pair of sandal right now , but i be about to order something different on amazon . it will probably be something cheaper that get the job do .
79	Sandal	POS	5	i agree with other review that the h2 be comparatively better than the tevas i be replace . funk be not a big issue because these be so easy to clean . my only problem -lrb- not a big problem -rrb- be that the design tend to hold sand , stone , and other particle in the shoe more than other more open sandal . again , they be easy to clean , and the capped toe be great for outdoors protection -lrb- walking in whitewater , light climbing , biking , etc. -rrb- so the benefit outweigh the minor upkeep .
384	Sandal	POS	5	normally , i would not spend this much on shoe , let alone sandal . but , these shoe be very well construct make they worth the money . the size run a little small for my foot , but they fit really well when you figure out the right size . with the closed toe make out of hard plastic , these thing be better than most sneaker . you can run with they and kick a soccer ball with no issue . they be also waterproof which make they very versatile . i wear they all the time and could not be happier !
296	Sandal	POS	4	these be my first pair of birkenstocks and i have no idea about that kind of foot i have other than it be extremely narrow . i look at other comment that suggest size down , so when i normally wear a 8-8 .5 i buy a 7-7 .5 -lrb- 38 -rrb- size here . they fit just great . i think the large size would have fit also but not as well as these do . the footbed feel amazing , although the arch on the left foot be a bit higher than the arch of the right foot -lrb- although my foot could also be different size -rrb- . the right shoe fit perfectly to my foot but the left hurt a bit and i have to take break at time . the narrow fitting be great . overall , i be totally in love with these shoe .
474	Sandal	POS	5	these shoe be amazing . yes they be expensive but they fit so well and last so long . if you be in a moderate climate i do not know how you could justify not have a pair !
646	Sandal	POS	5	buy these shoe after a two week expedition in south america . my croc clog leave i want a more serious pair of water resistant footwear . pro : these shoe fill the void where the crocs leave off as they provide more foot support for serious hike in rocky condition . they also provide a better , more secure fit , inspiring confidence in fast move situation . these shoe provide more slip resistance in river and lake environment . lastly , they be arguably more visually appealing than the crocs . con : much heavier than crocs , and less comfortable . they also provide less breathability than with the clog , especially in the ball of the foot area . in conclusion , the newport h2 compliment my water shoe collection provide i with a higher performance option when i want to brave the outdoors in a aggressive manner . use : hiking , river\/lake activity , horseback ride , outdoor sport : volleyball , tennis , jet-skiing .
128	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal be great . they look good , go with a lot of different clothing , function great as a everyday sandal and last for a long time . -lrb- i have the mocha -rrb- a few thing to know : - be careful get the softbed wet . the leather on top of the soft cushion will deteriorate after time if they constantly get soak -lrb- i live in miami for a bit and be outside a lot -rrb- they be still very wearable even if this happen . - i also get a very light callus from the sandal , after a few day this do not bother i . the spot be where the top strap meet the top my foot . this happen after the leather strap get et and the strap become slightly rougher . i bet if the bottom strap be tighter i would have avoid this completely , but it do not bother i enough to change it . - they usually be order in european size , if you be unsure go try a pair on in the store and then order they to be safe . the conversion usually work and be easy . in the past 6 year i have have two pair that i more or less wear daily . they be so comfortable , have great support for you foot and look great ! i rate they 5 despite some of these concern i tell you about because in my opinion , they be worth it . the only sandal i 'll buy !
395	Sandal	POS	5	these be incredibly comfortable , durable , and nice-looking footwear . i wish i have enough pair to last the rest of my life !
730	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these stacy 's for husband year back and search high and low . . voilum ! thank you amazon ! these fit perfectly , come ontime for we trip . . will always order these thru amazon cant beat the price .
89	Sandal	POS	5	good stufff . i dont want to write this r do that have to make this reviw a mandator ystuffeview . wh y
828	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these for my boyfriend who always wear flip flop . he have diabetes now and i have always be concern about he foot . he really like they and i be totally jealous that i do not have a pair with the soft footbed . he wear a large size and with amazon prime , i only have to pay $ 94 ! amazing amazon.com come through again .
705	Sandal	POS	5	excellent price for a quality product . i have to replace a pair i buy in 1978 . the strap between the toe be finally start to fray . i guess it be too much to ask for a pair of flip flop to last more than 33 year ... ... . : -rrb- one note-if you size fall toward the high side of the range , go with the larger size . they seem to fit somewhat tight .
961	Sandal	POS	5	my hubby love this pair of sandal . he have size 8.5 and i order size 41 . it fit he just right . and it be worth the money compare to hear he complaint everyday about the uncomfy of the cheap pair . = d
759	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair of rainbows . of all the flip flop i have own over the year , these be in a league of they own . they be by far the most comfortable and foot-supportive that i have own . i use to be a huge island slipper fan - they be not close to the comfort of rainbows . they also have a unbelievable warranty . like a pair of birkenstock sandal , rainbow require a break-in period . the flip side be that break-in mean that they be adjust to you foot .
85	Sandal	POS	5	i love these sandal ! i wear a 9.5 man 's and have pretty wide and super flat foot which makings find footwear difficult . this review be for anyone who be on the fence about whether to buy they or not . give some of the review i read , i be pretty nervous about they fitting right\/breaking in , etc. but order the size m sandal anyway . as many have say there be a definite break-in period ... no joke , especially with wider foot . initially , i could barely get they on let alone wear they because they be so tight and the nylon strap be terribly uncomfortable on my toe . it take i a solid 2 week of really power through it and they now fit my foot like a glove ! not to mention , they provide ample support and comfort if you have foot trouble -lrb- in my case flat foot -rrb- . i find they more comfortable than even my tennis shoe with orthotic ! i recommend this sandal 100 % . they will be the best sandal you ever own . my only recommendation be be patient with they and do not plan on wear they to a all day concert or something like that the day you get they . now , i wear they everywhere and be never go back !
789	Sandal	POS	5	if you have not wear a pair of birkenstocks you may be miss out . i be on my foot a good portion of my work day and they be nice enough for work and comfortable enough to spend the rest of the evening in as well . birkenstock cork shape to you foot so they be not really a flat , they be just comfortable . the birko-flor be a great product they have come up with , really soft inside and they wipe right off so they always look great so i prefer that from the suede but this style be one of my favorite . i have over a dozen pair and they keep come up with these adorable new style and great color and print - comfort and style what more could i ask for ? i really love my birk .
583	Sandal	POS	5	these be a great product . they wear well and be make from quality material . i buy a new pair every year because i wear they so often
189	Sandal	POS	5	provide for a pleasant shave with no aroma . use it in conjunction with a inexpensive black plastic shave brush holder and plastic travel case for my gillette mach 3 razor . have have 20 shave so far and it appear that the soap will last for month . suggest you take you shave brush and spread it against the sink while the water be run so that the entire shave brush be wet when lather . also , i purchase a wooden soap holder which be superior to a `` cold '' metal holder or plastic holder . best part be that i have a handy ledge build under my mirror to hold all my shaving and other necessity . now , the shave item be handy and the sink surface be best use for other item . i have use a inexpensive shave soap prior to the geo f. trumper sandalwood shave soap but now i have find the right brand . the sandalwood shave soap be a major part in make shave a pleasant experience each day . i be sell on the soap .
675	Sandal	POS	5	my husband request these as a christmas gift . this be he third pair and feel there be no need to ever buy a different pair of sandal . they super comfy , versatile , good look and well make .
497	Sandal	POS	5	never wear these type before and it take some get use to but they be just what i be look for .
92	Sandal	POS	4	sandal be everything i expect . i find good advice from former owner about move up a half size , which i recomend .
995	Sandal	POS	5	these be so cool i be so glad i can wear these and be cool like a surfer even though i live in the central valley
98	Sandal	POS	5	comfy , lovely - quick and efficient delivery . suppose to be one of the world 's best flip flop !
744	Sandal	POS	5	i find the keen h2 to be my favorite shoe for sailing . they be very comfortable with great traction . they be also fantastic at the beach . they be stylish , well build my favorite summer shoe .
724	Sandal	POS	5	these be the most comfortable rainbow make !! i purchase these for my son who have trouble break in the leather one . these be so comfortable and molded to you foot . i now have three pair for myself !
256	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these because i be have lower back issue and my dr. advise i to try these out before go to a orthpedaist . roughly one month later and my problem appear to be disappate and these have become my regular summer footwear . it be true these may not be the most visually attractive thing in the world , i find myself increasingly align with the idea of functionality over appearance .
599	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal be my son favorite . he really enjoy the feeling of the pointed cushion insole . the fit be true to size .
223	Sandal	POS	5	these flip flop be tight at first , then mold to you foot for a custom fit . they be perfectly padded and really comfortable after a day or so just wear they around the house . they look good ; not fancy , but not `` ratty '' at all . they be just cool , casual flip flop that make you feel like you be barefoot . i research stuff for a long time before i ever buy , and i be very happy with these -lrb- i get the dark brown -rrb- i be in my 20 's and a very active person and wear they in all sort of place : beach , climb , tour , i have even bike in they . if you be a dude , look for a pair of flip flop , buy these and stop look . also , you can not beat they warranty -lrb- if anything break before you wear through a layer of the shoe , they replace they -lrb- -- might double check that before you buy , but that be what the tag say on mine -rrb- .
686	Sandal	POS	5	i order a pair of men rainbows for my son . they seem to fit true to size . he wear a 10 1\/2 mens shoe and the large fit he fine . they should fit a little snug in the beginning . be leather they will soon mold to fit you foot . he love they and say they be the best flip flop he have ever worn .
6	Sandal	POS	5	within two week of buy my first pair , i buy two more . a lot of people say to get a half size larger-i purchase my regular size and they be fine . i get a kick out of wear my brightly color shoes-they look so cheerful . from what i can tell these shoe be sell like hotcake so i must not be the only one who really enjoy they . if you have plantar fascitis , these be pretty good support .
33	Sandal	POS	5	absolutly the best price ive find for rainbow flop . fit perfect on my husband wide foot . great product and price for these !
203	Sandal	POS	5	for the last 10 year , i have be wear reef everywhere from idaho to baja , but they wear out so fast i switch to rainbow which i have not worn since my high school day in malibu . i have only be wear they a month or so , but they be break in nicely , and i anticipate they will prove durable . they say you can never go home again , but there be a tinge of yesteryear that be pretty sweet with my new rainbow sandal . i think i find my tread of preference for the next 30 year . thanks rainbow !
265	Sandal	POS	4	i love these sandal . i wear mine all the time , so i order some for my boyfriend . i think that they would fit because he wear a 9.5 and i order he a men ' medium -lrb- 9.5-10 .5 -rrb- , but they be too small . the shoe last forever and form to you foot , so i definitely recommend they , but i would suggest go up a size if you be order online and can not try they on .
605	Sandal	POS	5	have a pair of keen myself which i love , i buy these shoe for my dad for he birthday . he wear they hike , around the house and do yardwork . he absolutely love they ! very durable and comfortable !
682	Sandal	POS	5	these be the cure for my plantar fasciaitis pain . i wear they every day for 5 month and plan to buy more this spring .
41	Sandal	POS	5	great buy ! these sandal have last over four year now and honestly have a couple more in they . i would recommend these to anyone look for nice leather sandal .
602	Sandal	POS	5	i have many pair of birkenstock ... i rarely wear any other shoe . the madrid style have the same incredibly adaptive and support foot bed with the style of the original dr. scholl sandal -lrb- much more comfortable -rrb- . because there be only one strap across the front , they behave more like a flip flop than other style i own . if you be use to that , you 'll have no problem with they . as always , the foot bed break in quickly . -lrb- tip : put they on after a hot shower while you foot be steamy warm , they 'll just mold around you foot -rrb- . the silver be a nice muted metallic which allow you to dress they up or down . this particular style might not be the best for long walk -lrb- give the single strap -rrb- but they be still super comfortable .
766	Sandal	POS	5	order for my teenage son , they be deliver on time . it be what he want and say they be very comfortable .
600	Sandal	POS	5	i abolutely love this product . the fragrance balance be perfect . not too strong but do not fade with the day . it be one of the few product that do not cause a allergic reaction with my skin . i wish that bath and body work would start make and market it again . bottom line : love the product . furstrate with the company .
563	Sandal	POS	4	the product be great -- my second pair . when they break in and mold to you foot , they be extremely comfortable . the sizing be not perfect . the 8.5-9 .5 barely fit a size 9 and feel small . the 9.5-10 .5 be more comfortable , but look a little too big . if in doubt , go with the larger sizing .
402	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these asa gift for my husband who live in birkenstocks . he love they ! they fit well and be very comfortable .
97	Sandal	POS	5	keen 's sandal be lightweight , waterproof , shock-resistant , and use a quick-lace system . a benefit of the keen newport h2 sandal over other sport footwear be that it have reflective pull loop that improve you visibility in low light condition . this can be very useful during evening hour around the campsite . recently , i purchase a pair of keen newport h2 sandals . hand down , these hike sandal be the best sport sandal out there . i have wear they on numerous day hike around the caribbean , enjoy water sport without the discomfort of drenched foot . . my advice : invest in a pair of these sandal , they be the most comfortable and lightweight sandal you 'll find for backpacking .
37	Sandal	POS	5	it be ship to the right place after i forget the aptment # thank you for do that .
603	Sandal	POS	5	i like it very much . it be so comfortable . i would like to wear it all the summer . the speed be very fast and the shoe just what i want
49	Sandal	POS	5	my wife buy i a pair about five year ago at macy 's . this year i buy two new pair from amazon at about half the price . one tan and one black even though the first pair be still in great shape . i be afraid i would not be able to find they again . so comfortable that i use they for walk shoe . they look good for many occassion . well make and they polish up like new .
84	Sandal	POS	5	before i begin , let i say that before i pull the trigger on these i be very skeptical about pay $ 45 -lrb- the price when i buy mine -rrb- for a pair of flip flop . i be guess that if you be comb through review , you may be feel the same way . here be what i have find after pay the $ 45 : bad : as many other review have note , there be a break-in time for these sandal , which be about 1-2 week depend upon how long you wear the sandal per day . i have pretty wide foot and the strap be tight across the top and both side of my foot , but it never cause blistering or anything worse than the feeling of the strap be too tight . also realize that any flip flop that be better quality than the old navy plastic one will have this period of break-in , with possibly the exception of sanuks . i have previously own reef smoothy sandal and leather smoothy sandal and both pair have a similar time of break-in . good : i have be completely satisfy with these sandal , and they be worth the price . as state above , i have previously own 2 pair of reef , which be both slightly cheaper than the rainbows . the first one be a smoothy sandal which be nice , for a while . i have very sweaty foot and my sweat would cause a black foamy substance -lrb- from contact with the smoothy plantar surface -rrb- to form between my fourth and pinky toe . i have no idea why this happen . they also wreak after about 6 month . i discover , however , that leather surface do not produce the smell nor do they hold sweat so i decide my next pair would be leather , again reef . that pair be about $ 5 less than rainbows , but they be complete trash . in about 3 month the leather from the plantar surface of the sandal begin pull away from the sole of the flip flop . it look horrible and the separation become so bad that the sole of the sandal would hang down and catch curb or stair . so i toss they and purchase these . i have have these rainbow for about 2 year . they literally look just as good as the day i get they , except that they be wider now -lrb- from break they in -rrb- and there have be some wear away of the tread on the sole of the sandal . there be no separation of the leather from the sole , even after get they wet several time . the arch support be great and have not fall . i love these flip flop and i wish i have save my money and purchase these the first time . if you be debate between high quality flip flop , especially if you be look at reef , please purchase these . the quality of the reefs have plummet , but these seem quite reliable .
585	Sandal	POS	5	i have be tell by the recipient of this gift of keen newports that they be so comfortable and a pleasure to wear . i be attract to the look of they when i see they on a really great look guy at the cincinnati reds ballgame at the new stadium in cincinnati on september 5 , 2007 . the tea\/black color , which be a cinnamon red\/wine , be awesome . the shoe be a cross between a gym shoe and a sandal , and have a rich classy look ... one that i particularly love . the person that i buy they for be a little bit leary of the bright color and the different look , but go out on that limb for i , and be ultimately happy to wear they . i love be different , do not you ...
716	Sandal	POS	5	these be the best sandal . i have have two pair over the past 5 year and the 2nd pair be still go strong . my wife have have two pair replace for free b\/c the stitching come out . at least they honor quality work !
129	Sandal	POS	5	we buy these shoe for my husband . he just love they . they be so comfortable , and extremely supportive of he foot . we would recomment they to anyone who need good support .
147	Sandal	POS	5	the smoothy be the only sandal you 'll ever need . they be super comfortable , convenient and go with just about anything you may be wear -lrb- i wear they with a linen suit to a wedding once -rrb- . the strap be tight in the beginning , but they will mold themselves to you exact foot -rrb- reef have a great product here and i be proud to call myself a loyal lifetime reef fan !
957	Sandal	POS	5	a great pair of sandal . i already own a pair of keen newport h2 sandals -lrb- different color -rrb- . the new one be very comfortable , a great fit and easy to care for . i feel confident when i be wear they in all terrain . they be excellent for i as i recover from recent spinal surgery . wonderful product .
0	Sandal	POS	5	my boyfriend love these ... they last forever , be durable , and mold to you foot . you really cant go wrong with rainbow .
250	Sandal	POS	4	i own two pair , the ` h2 ' version and the ` original ' . i prefer the original , if i purchase a third pair it will be the original .
929	Sandal	POS	5	i hate wear shoe . i buy these to add to my collection of flip flop and sandal . they appear to be very well make and durable . the color and design work well for i and they be very comfortable to wear .
506	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear birks since they first import they back in the 1970 's and be pleased that they be still a excellent sandal .
870	Sandal	POS	5	these be the best pair of sandal that i have buy in a long time . they look great and feel great too ! on top of that the price be very nice . so i would tell everybody how good these sandal be . thank you and i 'll be back for the other color later .
74	Sandal	POS	4	i buy a pair for i and another for my wife just before leave for vacation to hawaii and we be really happy with the result . the shoe be really comfortable and the foot can `` breathe '' . the cord to tie be very useful and they be also waterproof ! the only con be that it be really easy to get sand and pebble depend on where you be and remove they be not that easy .
538	Sandal	POS	5	needless to say , i love birkenstock ! however , these sandal be return because the size seem to be very generous and they do not fit .
694	Sandal	POS	4	great shoe . like most sandal , i be skeptical to pay the price , it seem like a lot , however , it be well worth the money . i wear they all day from 6 am till i go to bed . if i get sand or dirt in they , i rinse they out with the garden hose and keep on truckin ' . very comfortable , however , if you foot sweat a lot , i would be cautious as to order the right color , as i do receive a bit of a tint on the top of my foot from the strapping . all in all 4.75 out of 5 star , simply due to the fact i can not wear they in the winter because it be too cold outside , and they 's just something wrong about wear sandal with sock !
169	Sandal	POS	5	i have have the keen h2 man 's sandal for a few week now . so far , i really like they . i have very narrow foot and they can be tighten up to fit my foot very well . i like the support they give my foot and the protection for my toe .
334	Sandal	POS	5	the sandal fit perfectly , they be exactly what i have expect . they be a gift , and the recipient be very pleased with the comfort . i be also very pleased with the speed that the order be ship . i be actually shock when i receive the ` thank you ' call , because they arrive so quickly , much sooner then the ` estimate delivery date . ' i will certainly keep this seller in mind for future purchase . thank you for the great product and the customer service . great seller !
44	Sandal	POS	5	product send in timely manner in excellent condition . very happy with the product . a regular customer .
307	Sandal	POS	5	i receive my birkenstocks in a timely manner ! they be comfortable the moment i put they on . i wear they almost everyday . the color be neutral , so it match nicely with a lot of outfit .
539	Sandal	POS	4	i finally make a investment in real rainbow sandal instead of continuously buy and chuck the target knock-off one . so far , i be happy . i have not have much opportunity to wear they , since it be get to be winter . but i like they , they be what i expect . my only complaint be that it be take quite a while to really break they in , which be not too fun .
692	Sandal	POS	5	buy these for boat and could not be happier ! they be comfortable right out of the box , have non mark sole and look good too !
542	Sandal	POS	5	love my birkenstock sandal , my last one be at least 7 or 8 year old , and it be time to buy new one . my old one be still around but now these be my go to sandal .
894	Sandal	POS	5	on christmas day my sperry sandal break . i be wish i could fix they . i wear they out . yes they be the greatest sandal i own both aboard my boat and at home . i do not recomend a open toe for tho who drop thing but for comfort and quality ... sperry be the best ... & they look good ... . hope they in stock !
425	Sandal	POS	5	the best sandal in the world . take about a week to break in , but once they be break in , they conform to you foot . incredibly comfortable and durable . i have have several pair in the past and i will not buy anything else . they will last you at least a year of daily wear .
438	Sandal	POS	4	these be great shoe as they offer firm support versus flip flop - yet just as cool -lrb- temperature wise -rrb- . these be my go-to outdoor shoe for summer , except for when i be run . i have even be tempt to wear these on a short run - but have not . the keens be worth the price . shipping and order delivery from the seller go like clockwork .
529	Sandal	POS	4	this be my third pair of birkenstocks . the other two fit perfectly . the soft footbed version be a bit smaller than expect . would not say that the softer footbed make that much of a difference for the extra cost .
341	Sandal	POS	4	i have a leather pair of rainbows and they be slippery when they get wet . these flipflop be great for all situation . only have to break they in for a day and they fit like a glove .
856	Sandal	POS	5	i love these sandal . they be sturdy , you can go in the water with they , they have tremendous traction and i never slip with they . have be use these for year and the price on amazon can not be beat .
517	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these specifically for a 5-day canoe trip to the bwca . they be my first pair of `` hike sandal '' . they perform spectacularly . they be comfortable and do not give i blister , despite the fact that i do not wear sock and have not take the time to properly condition my foot . i feel like i abuse they to a fair degree and they really hold up , as do my foot . i be not a keen fan before my trip , but i be now .
807	Sandal	POS	4	buy a size 11 for my husband who usually wear a 10.5 shoe . they fit great . he only complaint be that they make the bottom of he foot sweat . otherwise , they have be great for hike and traverse costa rica and for just every day wear . now i need a pair ...
180	Sandal	POS	4	i order the woman 's keen newport h2 in the aqua haze\/brittany blue color . the actual color i receive be closer to the process blue . these be way brighter . i be expect a more muted blue . aside from the misrepresentation of color , -lrb- maybe it be my computer screen -rrb- the sandal be great ! i normally wear a size 8m , they fit perfectly , but i be a short , wider 8m , so those of slender foot be warn . you can however adjust the fit a little with the elastic tie . they be also very comfortable . not disappointing .
993	Sandal	POS	5	these be without a doubt the most comfortable flip flop i have ever worn . it take a few day to break they in but be totally worth it . if flip flop be you foot wear of choice in the summer you will find it worth splurge on . the more they get wear the better they look as well . i be a rainbow customer 4 life !
120	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable . would like to find they in black for the same price . still look and hope to find they .
267	Sandal	POS	5	i own a pair of these back when i be in high school and i love they so much i wear they down to the cork and then some . recently my boyfriend mention that he want to purchase a pair because he try on he brother 's birk and find they to be really comfortable . we both order a pair online and we love they so much that we even where they inside the house . accord to the birkenstock website , narrow be a north american equivalent of normal so if you width be normal order the narrow . the size be true to size so you can not go wrong order online . if you be unsure of which size to order , order the smaller one . i be usually a size 7.5-8 and i order the 7-7 .5 size -lrb- 38 -rrb- . the soft footbed be great for i since i have flat foot and now i wonder why it take i over 10 year to replace my first pair . this be one purchase that you will appreciate and enjoy all summer long .
71	Sandal	POS	5	have keen item before , easy to put on & take of . love the man 's shoe because of the wide foot . find it more room when item arrive do not have to break in . wear my first pair to the old country , have to take shoe of at security check point go through do not have to struckle . ship good , get item within 7 day . love to buy from amazon .
434	Sandal	POS	5	roger et gallet soap , while undeniably expensive , be the best and to i the subtle sandalwood `` flavor '' be the best of the best because it be uni-sex -- agreeable to both woman and man .
889	Sandal	POS	5	i give these to my son last week for a birthday present . this be he second pr . the first pair last 7 summer . he like the removable strap and find they very comfortable . he be please with the fit -lrb- wear 10.5 and i get size 11 since they do not have he exact size . thank you amazon for another great bargain !
378	Sandal	POS	5	this be avery comfortable shoe that you can wear all day . i would recommend this shoe over the loose slip-on and off sandal or flip-flop . you will have as much support as you can get from a close in shoe . i love mine !
846	Sandal	POS	5	hello all ! i receive my birkenstock as a graduation present when i graduate high school back in 2003 . ladies and gentlemen , these be remarkable sandal . amazingly , they be still hold up ! they do show sign of wear e.g. some of the cork be look old and crackly , but they still feel wonderful on my foot . i suspect i 'll still get another few year out of they . note that i mostly wear these on vacation and weekend . i have read other review about how the leather upper can cut into you foot . this happen to i the first week or so that i have the sandal . the person and the birkenstock store alert i to this , tell i that they need some breaking in time . she also mention that it could give you blister while the leather soften . just be patient guy . like every good leather shoe , this one need time to break in . give it some time and the sandal will last you for year . . decade in my case !
323	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love they ! super fast shipping , the fit be perfect and great price for the name brand ! overall very pleased with this purchase and amazon !
685	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair of hemp rainbow . i like my last pair so much i have to have another . they be really the best sandal . the hemp material be so much easier to keep clean than rubber or leather . it do not get slippery when wet like leather do . as with all rainbow sandal , they last for year -- very durable . i highly recommend these sandal .
531	Sandal	POS	5	i have have these for over a year now and they be more comfortable now than ever before . they provide stable , protective , and comfortable support for my foot and arch . i be 6 ' -5 '' and 220 and they support my frame well . my wife have have the same pair of rainbow for over 5 year now and she still wear they a lot and agree that they feel better each time you wear they .
280	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal be amazing ! they be waterproof , comfortable , slip resistant , rugged and more ! i first buy a pair of these in 2007 . they last i until 2012 and the only reason i decide to buy another pair be because i step in gum on the ground on a 100 degree day . these sandal be well worth the price and be indeed cheaper in price than other sandal of this quality . i highly recommend these !
220	Sandal	POS	5	i be not really into the rating of product unless the be very good , and those be . i have be use those for about 2 year after go through a few pair of teva and acg 's , i try the keens and they might well be the best sandal out there . they be comfortable and can surely take a beating . i do alot of hike which also involve get into water and those sandal keep on go . you will not be sorry you spend you money on those sandal . do not think i will buy any other sandal than the keen .
146	Sandal	POS	5	i have have several sandal in the past , and these rainbow westcape sandal be one of the best i have have . the entire footbed be a soft cushion for you foot . i have develop a painful bone spur right on the heel of my right foot just before i get the sandal . these sandal be perfect for cushion the impact of my foot with the bone spur . the sandal make walk much better . i be not a fan of sandal with a toe separator . the nylon toe separator take a while to get use to , and be not that comfortable at first . however , once i get use to it and callus up , i really like these sandal . i would also say the sizing be really perfect , so when i order a size 9 , its what you expect . however , the heel of my foot just barely fit onto the sandal because the toe separator keep my foot in a certain position on the sandal . i might go for a half size larger if i could , but they do not make half size . so if that might bother you or you want a little bit more material around the heel , you might want to go a size up . in addition , in comparison to my sister 's rainbow sandals , which be leather , these sandal have no break in period , and be comfortable right out of the package . fantastic sandal so far , and i would highly recommend these sandal to a friend . they be waterproof and feel like you be walk on cushion . let see if these rainbow rubber sandal last as long as they traditional leather sandal .
679	Sandal	POS	5	these be great sandal and if you can get they for $ 25 like i do then its a purchase well make .
397	Sandal	POS	5	i get these for my son who finally wear out he original pair after 10 year ! yes , they last that long . top quality construction and the style be ca cool & they wear super-long . rainbow leather mens sandals
491	Sandal	POS	5	keen sandal shoe be great for everything . i already have a pair so we order these for my husband . he love they too . they be not you ordinary man 's sandal . they let you foot breath and the sole be make from non absorbent material which be sweat proof . they be good for hike and water activity as well as everyday wear . great product all around !
177	Sandal	POS	5	love keens ! they be comfortable , easy to maintain , and look exactly the same after lot of wear . they be machine washable and tolerate all sort of abuse . would definitely recommend . these be purchase for my husband . they be he second pair and be pretty much the only thing he wear on he foot all summer .
508	Sandal	POS	5	if you have never try birkey 's . nows you chance . amazon.com have they for a great price . thank you amazon.com , my daughter love they !
389	Sandal	POS	5	we be apprehensive about purchase a footwear item from the internet but the ease and advice give make we worry go away . great product , wonderful quality and exactly like the image ! ca not wait to see fiance wear it for we island wedding !
233	Sandal	POS	5	these be great adidas sandal . exactly as picture and describe . great quality and very durable . waterproof . i recommend they to other .
773	Sandal	POS	5	be year of buy `` inexpensive '' sandal which have all fall apart and figure i would be better off with another pair of birkenstocks . glad i do . the fit be great and easy on my old foot . take a day to readjust to good support instead of the `` inexpensive '' sandal which have little or no support .
947	Sandal	POS	5	my new sandal get here in great shape and i expect to be wear they most every day in the warm-weather season . i do not have leave the house and drive to the mall . i will be shop for other item from amazon .
738	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair of clark 's sandal and i be very pleased that these sandal be equally as comfortable as my original pair .
941	Sandal	POS	5	these be great sandal . they hug you foot just right for a no sock fit that do not pinch or tear at you skin .
21	Sandal	POS	5	best sandle i have own . period . if you be think about get they , but not sure you want to spend the $ $ $ , i would recommend go for it . they be extremely comfortable -lrb- once break in -rrb- , and very durable ... which mean you 'll have em ' for awhile .
35	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these to kick around the beach and mow grass , but now i wear they everywhere . they maintain grip when wet and be comfortable enough to wear all day . i have always be a rainbow fan and this be another great product . i buy the black . no smell issue or color rub off . arch support be adequate and i have a med\/hi arch . i wear size 13 and these be size right on . break in period be about 3 hour of wear with no discomfort . they clean up easy too . recommend .
992	Sandal	POS	5	i like the strap on these flipflop there very comfortable . i dont see any problem with the construction of this footwear they look and feel well build .
393	Sandal	POS	4	these st thong be my third pair over the last 5 year . be use around the house , beach and fishing . this pair fit tight but comfortable and construction quality be similar to my previous two pair .
90	Sandal	POS	5	the make of the flip-flop fit my foot perfectly . be warn though , although the color be nice , it do get dirty very easily . i would have buy a slightly darker color if i be to order this again
525	Sandal	POS	5	this be my husband 3rd pair of birk . he love they and just have too many mile on the old one .
503	Sandal	POS	4	they be high quality , just a little bigger than i be expect . obviously rainbow be great and the warranty be unbelievable . they always look good
883	Sandal	POS	5	i get my first pair of these about 5 year ago as a gift from my sister . i put they on and know that this be the one . i be always in a pair of flip flop i hate shoe . i have never have a pair and have never buy a pair that fit as good as these do . my first pair break about a year ago . so they last a good 4 year and i be very active in my flip flop so to i 4 year be about 3 year more than any other pair of flip flop have ever last i . i just cant say enough good thing about these . when i see someone else in they i always make the a comment to they about how great they be and have never herd anything bad about they back . i be so glad to see they be still make and sell . so i just order a new pair and cant wait till they come in . i live in okinawa japan and its flip flop season every day of the year here . if you buy these you will not be disappoint unless you live in the north pole and cant wear they !
115	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair of the clark 's hudson sandal . my first pair which i purchase on vacation at a shop be not three year old and wear very well - not close to wear out . i recently realize that i be wear they most of the time and know i would need a new pair soon - for look if not for condition . i search online seller and gabriel shoes\/amazon have the best price . ship be quick . the sandal have minor cosmetic difference than my older pair and be very attractive . i like the fact that you can adjust all the strap . the velcro make adjustment and take off and on very easy .
427	Sandal	POS	5	i finally have to replace my first pair of newport h2 after 3 year of abuse . they be the perfect sandal for wade in small stream , hike in the desert , and casual wear . i have especially be impress with how durable the material be and how well the antimicrobial material work . they really do not stink after hike in they for a day . i be a bigger guy , so i usually go through shoe quickly . i really abuse these and they last for 3 year . if you like to hike or fish small stream , these sandal be perfect . they be durable and stay on you foot without stretch when they get wet . the toe be sturdy and protect toe from hidden underwater boulder . the sole be pretty grippy , so it help climb over slippery rock . the only comlaint i have about my last pair be they seem a lot wider than marked . it look like keen have resolve this because these be true to size .
335	Sandal	POS	5	this be a nice look sandal . can be use for dress or casual\/dress . not a recreational shoe . comfortable . the side be somewhat more loosely weave than i expect , but the sandal still fit well . adjustable strap across the instep . value to the extreme degree . i have not worn this shoe long , so i can not tell how it will last , but the sole look substantial .
483	Sandal	POS	5	a little uncomfortable while break in the sandal , but after wear they for a week or so , they be the most comfortable sandal ive ever own .
654	Sandal	POS	5	my wife be on she second pair , the lat one be over 9 year old . she wear they every day as we live in a hot climate and find they to be the most comfortable ever .
176	Sandal	POS	4	my husband love these keen sandal . i buy this pair to replace he old one . but , the size label be completely erase on he last pair , so i go with he regular size but keen 's run small . i have to return they .
187	Sandal	POS	5	the very best walk shoe i have ever purchase . very resilient and resistnat to scuff and tear , unlike meny other i have try .
68	Sandal	POS	5	i find a pair of these guy\/gal shoe year ago in some resale joint and buy they for a couple buck , i wear they until they literally fall to piece for year after i buy they used . now , in 2012 i be finally able to purchase a pair of my own new and so , give that i be a adult and all ??? i will probably pass they on to some great - ? well i dont have kid so , some great best friend i love who will then pass they on to their grand kid ! lol i love the gray color too ! they be very comfy of course and for all my `` rasta '' day to come ... ill be waerin ' these -lrb- o :
962	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these for my husband for a snorkele trip . these be he favorite shoe . even after walk in water , the foot immediately feel dry once out of the water . they never smell , which be different from other water sandal . the toe be secure , the bottom heavy and well make , and the inner cord be easily adjust to provide a good fit . even after get they dirty with mud , they wash off easily with water and look like new . he even wear they with sock now that the weather be colder . a very well-made shoe\/sandal .
785	Sandal	POS	5	i can not love these sandal any more . this would be my third pair in 12 year . i take they everywhere . there be a week break in time , maybe you 'll get a blister ... it be okay . i have hear if you wear they in the shower once and then wear they around the house it really help break the leather in .
458	Sandal	POS	5	2nd pair , wear out the first one . very comfortable sandal and great look too . highlt recommend to anyone in the market for a great sandal .
496	Sandal	POS	4	i get my exercise by walk in chest deep water . the surface i walk on be smooth -lrb- too smooth , occasionally -rrb- but these shoe keep i move well . they fit well and be very comfortable . i be have some difficulty become accustomed to the rubbing of my toe on the interior of the shoe but i will , no doubt , become inure . i be pleased with they . mike hogan
673	Sandal	POS	5	i have never orderd shoe online before because it be such a gamble on get the right fit . the h2 's be exactly right on . very comfortable fit . my foot do not slide around inside and no heel slap like on most sandal . i be very impressed with the construction of the shoe - very heavy duty material . i wear they everywhere , even in the fall . i now have two pair of different color . you can not buy a better sandal .
886	Sandal	POS	5	it have long be a dream of mine to wear sock with sandal . you know when you be wear tennis shoe and you foot get steamy , but it be hard to air they out because of lace and stuff ? or when you be wear flip-flop and you foot get sticky or cold or dirty because you be not wear sock ? those day be over . now anything be possible ...
598	Sandal	POS	4	there be plenty of review here explain how awesome these keen 's be . i agree . these be the most comfortable shoe i have ever worn . wear they exclusively for a very active week-long trip to kauai and they be perfect . keep my foot cool and comfortable and provide great support for hike and walk . i only have two criticism : they get smelly very quickly and the sole be not as grippy as expect . walk for a day or two in these and they will develop pretty strong foot odor . scrub they with soap and water get rid of it , but it return pretty quickly . also , i expect the black rubber tread to have good grip on rock and such . they be okay , but tend to slide more than expect . perhaps the sole be make to be more durable and be a little too hard to get good traction . they be great for dirt trail or on concrete or asphalt . i do not trust they on wet rock or slick surface .
579	Sandal	POS	5	start year 3 on the best flip flop i have ever own . buy a brand new bichon puppy . at four month , he discover shoe . i be purchase a new pair today . seriously , i have pikolinos @ $ 170.00 that be not as comfortable as these . buy all color . keep em away from pup !!!
959	Sandal	POS	5	love my rainbow . these be my 10 + pair . i get a new pair almost every year , since i wear sandal all day every day for about 9 mo . they be the most comfortable sandal on the market . they warranty be easy and awesome . only return one of my pair because the stitching start come apart on the stap . i send in the defective pair and they send i a new pair within a week .
110	Sandal	POS	5	great sandal ! i have have mine for 4 year , and they be comfortable , durable and reasonably price . i have put mine through quite a bit of wear . beach camping , camp shoe for backpacking , every day wear as a student , etc. . they handle all of it . as far as the smell go , in my experience the leather version smell worse than the hemp , but like any footwear where sock be not worn , there can be some odor .
350	Sandal	POS	5	the double layer sandal definitely have more support than the single layer . better choice and definitely worth the extra few buck . the `` break in '' time be about a week . it be not too bad the `` break in '' time as some of the other reviewer have say but after it mold to you foot , they be very comfortable and will only get better with time and usage . the strap be tight in the beginning . the size do run a bit small . i wear a size 9 man medium and order a medium -lrb- 8.5 - 9.5 -rrb- and it fit the length of my foot barely , but if i order the next size up , in the long run , it will look a bit too big . like other say , if in doubt , order the next size up . the sandal be narrow and will be tight the first few time you wear they but will be worth it . mine be so comfortable and i have be wear they every time i step out the door . i walk my dog in they , run errand in time , go everywhere with they . i buy color gray and sierra brown . if you like the sierra brown color , i would suggest order the dark brown color because with wear and tear and footprint , the dark brown will not be as noticeable when it get dirty as the sierra brown .
956	Sandal	POS	5	i have have birkenstock for 20 year and love they , but these soft footbed sandal be the greatest ! my one gripe be that they be still so expensive .
445	Sandal	POS	4	wear they everyday for two month in the mountain of costa rica do field research . wet or dry , they be comfortable and handle terrain great while protect you foot . they do breed the funk though , more so than my tevas do from last year 's trip , so i recommend pack some antifungal spray in you bag if you be go to be wear these in soggy condition with high humidity for any length of time . despite that , they be a great sandal and i recommend they to my student .
840	Sandal	POS	5	i have be look for this shoe in black for some time . i have a brown pair that be very comfortable and nice look . the black pair be just as comfortable and nice look . i be very much surprised to find these shoe after look in many place . i should have look in the last place first -lrb- amazon -rrb- . it would have save time . very pleased .
18	Sandal	POS	4	these sandal have be comfortable to wear for the most part , but due to the lack of odor control they become smelly and burn from extend wear . i have have to add foot powder before each use to be able to wear for more then a couple of hour . keen should either remove the odor control as a attribute or improve its function .
247	Sandal	POS	5	get a great deal on the shoe . have want a pair for about a year but could not make myself pay the $ 100.00 retail price . find they for 40 % off help i to finally purchase a pair . boy be i ever happy ! i have worn these now for about three week almost every day -lrb- i take 2 day off for some big appointment at work -rrb- . great build . super comfort . ventilation ! whatever they do to control odor really work . so far the have be worn in the office , to -lrb- and in -rrb- the lake , wade in the creek , in a rain storm -lrb- finally -rrb- and around the house . i really love these shoe ! i agree with the other ' comment about order a 1\/2 size larger that you normal size . i follow they advise and it be jussssssssssssssst right . i be now a huge keen fan .
164	Sandal	POS	5	i be impressed . i be a little skeptical about spend close to $ 50.00 on a pair of flip flop -- especially when i can go to other place and get they for $ 1 -lrb- on sale of course -rrb- . after go to a store and purchase a pair of leather flip flop i be disappoint when the flip flop get wet my foot feel like it be slide around -lrb- not good , not to mention it feel weird -rrb- . but these sandal have make i a believer . at the begin they be a tad uncomfortable because it do take a while for they to break in -- because they form to you foot . but after a while they break in and you will have they on you foot all the time . when they get wet they soak some of the water in but they dry in minute . i hope this help -- i would definitely purchase another pair .
576	Sandal	POS	5	ok , i confess , it kill i to spend $ 50 on shoe . but at 38 , and on my foot all day , plus fill in the mid-drift ... the shoe i wear in the young hottie day be get they revenge . worse yet ... at a size 10.5-11 w , i can not find shoe to fit . in need of some water wading shoe , i find a purple pair of this model -lrb- incorrectly show as red on this site -rrb- that i think be too `` off color '' for professional wear , but worthy of play shoe ... for a clearance price of $ 30 comfort to please my desperation , who could deny the deal ? shoot . i do not care if they have bright flash fuschium blinkers and a whoopie cushion to boot . these shoe rock . i live 3 hr from the birkenstock place i find they in wa , and when i head back that direction , i be clear the keen sale shelf , and buy a reg price pair that be appropriate in style for professional wear . the shoe be kind of wierd look . . but i see birkenstock as wierd look -lrb- which didnt work out for i -- very painful -rrb- . if you have plantar faciati -lrb- sp ? -rrb- problem , here be a house shoe answer . see , i also drop these shoe next to my bed so i can make it to the bathroom in the middle of the night without tear up my arch . they be so comfortable . and the shoe be breathable , but not cold , not hot , not prone to stretch with sock on , no sock wear . it be year of shoe nightmare come to a end . i have have 'em for 6 week now , weigh 235 lb -lrb- fluffy amazon chick -rrb- and the shoe look like it will hold it be own -- wet or dry . a challenge , consider size 6 , 110 lb girl shoe be make with the same material as the larger size ... like harness up a chihuahua the same as a st. bernard ! hope this help . these shoe be my hunt complete . oh , it appear all shoe be make with the same funky , loveable sole .
983	Sandal	POS	5	these be a gift for my son , who repeatedly tell i how comfortable they be . the quality make they worth the higher price .
101	Sandal	POS	5	i have own three different pair of these sandal and they be the best ! they take a couple week to break in , but once they contour to you foot , they be incredibly comfortable and resilient . i live in arizona so i wear they almost every day and everywhere . ca not find a more durable yet comfortable sandal in my opinion . worth the money !
429	Sandal	POS	5	dog just chew up pair i have have for nearly two year . still be in great condition , just start to get a little ripe -lrb- smelly -rrb- . about to buy two pair just in case they stop make the santa cruz . highly recomend . also , the sperry website sell they at a lower price .
158	Sandal	POS	5	hello , i would like to buy a pair of birkenstock arizona shoe from you . i have they before and know my size but i do not understand you size chart . i would need europa size 40 -lrb- 9-9 .5 us -rrb- and c-d wide or regular wide . unfortunatelly i can see the drop down size box but can not view the right side of the drop down text . and i can not make the box larger . any suggestion ? gabi.glaezer@web.de
507	Sandal	POS	5	when i find these birkus 's i find what i want . i have be wear birkus 's for many year . i also wear birkenstock 's . never will i be without this brand . the best ever ! i also wear dansko and sketcher these be also good feeling shoe and work great for i . i work on my foot for 25 year and be thru many shoe , custom orthic insert do not even compare to these shoe . birkenstock make a birkenstock shoe insert , these be better than any custom make insert by any doctor , i have 3 pair . i have shot , medicine , wrap , physical therapy and ice treatment , this brand and the other i mention along with over the counter advil be the way to go . i also use a foot massager\/vibrating machine , help alot . i have 2 foot surgery and i know how to make my foot happy . love the birki 's !
48	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal like other rainbow sandal be amazing . i have have my original pair for several year . it take a little bit of time but after a little bit of time they conform to you foot .
723	Sandal	POS	5	everybody be right about these flip flop . they hurt once you start wear they , but over time , they start become very comfortable . the only bad thing about they be the price for they .
212	Sandal	POS	5	so , they be not cute , they do not have heel , they be wide ... they fit . i love my birk , i hope that they last forever . i have a pair of taupe birks and want a pair that would not show as much dirt . my old one need a slight rebuild after 3 year of wear in tz , so i think about sunday birks . i love they . i would not say that they be party shoe , but who care . they work and they fit and they be so comfortable . they be expensive but if they never wear out , it be worth it . that be all i can say . beware however if you have a narrow foot , these be not for you .
121	Sandal	POS	5	pro : - solid , stable sandal with great foot support . - as always with keen shoe , the wide toe area make it very comfortable . - opening be wider than the classic newport which make it airier for the summer . - top be make of nylon in h2 vs leather in the classic . this make it quicker dry and lighter overall . - climb a jaggy volcanic hill in saudi arabia and mukenya in kenya , and the traction be amazing on these . con : - sand will mound up in the toe area since there be no hole for it to escape . - if you be hike trail with lot of loose debris they will get in the shoe and it be a bit of a nuisance to try and get they out without take it off . recommend you try the classic newport and the h2 before you purchase . i find the classic 's footbed completely incompatible with my foot , but the h2 be perfect . the reverse may be true for you .
788	Sandal	POS	5	my geta sandal just arrive today and be terrific !!!!! the strap take a little breaking in , but overall secure and very comfortable .
528	Sandal	POS	5	so i review comment on several product look for some good look and more importantly - comfortable and durable flip flop . i purchase the sperry topsider santa cruz , the teva katavi , and the columbia pfg techsun flip iii sandal -lrb- base on the review i read - these 3 seem to come up quite often -rrb- . i would rate the sperry number 1 , teva number 2 , and columbia a fairly distant 3rd . comfort and fit go to the sperry as well as look - a bit more formal for a flip flop with the leather type strap . great traction and fit -lrb- i wear a size 9 but purchase the size 10 because i have a wide foot -rrb- and it look great . good form fit to the foot and excellent cushion . the katavi be a pretty close second , but not quite as sharp look as the sperry . i also get a size 10 and the cushion and especially the lining of the strap be good quality and comfortable . the katavi 's have more aggressive sole as well . the columbia be not as nice look , have a tapered toe at the top -lrb- which give it a different look -rrb- , and i do not like the columbia emblem on the strap . also , the top of the flip flop be `` plasticky '' and feel more like a beach type shoe that could get wet and dry off quicker then the other -lrb- as oppose to a day out shoe -rrb- . i also purchase a size 10 , and the size 10 in the columbia be considerably larger . i 'll come back later as time wear on to see which one break or wear quicker than the other - they be start to get less use as the weather get colder , so it may be awhile before i get to that review .
750	Sandal	POS	5	we buy these for a rafting trip and they work great ! he love they and wear they all the time even now that we be back in the city .
852	Sandal	POS	5	excellent sandal that can be worn anywhere . plus that , it last forever ! this be my second pair and i rate it top shelf .
431	Sandal	POS	5	i think i would need a larger size when i buy these in my shoe size because they feel really tight on my foot but after a week or so of break they in i must say they feel just fine . they look very firm so they 'll probably last quite some time but at the same time they be very comfortable . the top half of the sandal be make out of some sort of soft rubber provide great cushioning and the bottom half be make out of solid rubber .
838	Sandal	POS	5	i love birkis in general -- they be always so comfortable -- but these soft footpad be even more comfortable and have help sore heel and foot -- i strongly recommend try they !!!!!!!!
657	Sandal	POS	5	i want to start by say that i be a big fan of reef flip flop . so i buy a pair of leather flip flop and they be ok . i have be try awhile to get a pair of rainbow flip flop and final do . i slide they on and they feel great . the flip flop hug my foot and feel so comfortable . i now want to wear they everyday , and gonna try to . i be now a big fan of rainbow and gonna buy many more pair . the greatest flip flops around !!!!!!!! 1
269	Sandal	POS	4	i have worn birk for year . these be just as comfortable as i would expect . however , this be the first pair i have own where the front and back strap be connect instead of different piece of material . after wear these for a month or so , the material that connect the two strap come unglued from the side of the footbed . this be exactly where the shoe bend when i walk , so this seem like a design flaw to i .
906	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase 2 g. trumper shave soap cake . great buy and much less expense than the trumper shop in london uk .
681	Sandal	POS	5	i love wear these shoe . the only thing i would say be that the light color turn dark quickly . oh no ! i guess i have to buy a new pair in a darker color ! do not tell my husband ...
114	Sandal	POS	5	these be great flip flop . it only take a day of wear for the toe strap to loosen up and break in comfortably .
561	Sandal	POS	4	good thing and very good service . because it be arrive on time really . so you can go pro with the store .
414	Sandal	POS	5	i have never have a pair of rainbows and read about the break in process which i be not look forward to . they be definitely tight for the first month or so , but gradually stretch out and form to my foot . now they be the most comfortable sandal i have ever own . the build quality be amazing and lead i to believe that they will last for a very long time . very very happy with my purchase .
313	Sandal	POS	5	strong construction , very good quality slipper . have have for several year they be great in wet or dry and be very comfortable .
81	Sandal	POS	5	this be a gift for my boyfriend , i originally buy a pair of these sandal at a store in vegas but the cork on the sole split and break very quickly -lrb- these shoe be suppose to last a long time -rrb- . then i notice that there be two version of the same shoe , a cheaper one make of synthetic material and the original one , in leather . i find the stronger original one here on amazon for 71 whereas the one i get at a mall in vegas cost 89 + tax . i receive they quickly and they be perfect ! thanks !
853	Sandal	POS	5	they fit great and be very comfortable . i would highly recommend they . they be a little pricey for the product .
144	Sandal	POS	5	i have extremely wide foot -lrb- i generally need a 5e -rrb- , and when these shoe come they be quite tight . i need they , and since i could cram my foot into they , i decide to take a chance and bring they along on a camping trip . the gamble pay off , because they loosen up enough that i be able to wear they reasonably comfortably . that be a good thing , because it pour rain off and on all week , and i would have be miserable with leather sandal . i have only have they for a couple of week , so i can not say how well they will hold up , but they seem fairly sturdy . they be a lightweight shoe , kind of like crocs , but a bit more stylish in they shape . people i know who have get crocs can wear they for several year , and the texture of the material these be make out of seem similar , so i expect they will last for as long . they do loosen up after they have be wear for a while , so do not be too worried if they seem tight when you first get they . if you can stand to wear they for a while , they will get more comfortable as you wear they .
99	Sandal	POS	5	i have have other birkenstock shoe forever and want to try the soft footbed . to be honest , i can not tell much difference . these be totally comfortable , but my old one be too . probably the best thing be that since they adjust in two place -lrb- the strap -rrb- , they can fit even when my foot be swollen . i be fly cross country in a couple day and will be wear these on the plane because they be easy to slip into and will be comfortable even if my foot swell on the long flight . since i be only take a carry-on , i can use these as slipper when in the motel and save space in my carry-on suitcase . with airline price so high for luggage , they be save i money . shoes\/sandles that can be multipurpose be precious .
862	Sandal	POS	4	these shoe be comfortable , after you break they in , and provide great support if you have issue with you foot . they be not stylish but be great if you have foot problem . i mostly wear these around the house or when run a quick errand .
154	Sandal	POS	5	i be re-order these . i buy another pair in jan 2010 and have wear they every day since . the durability of these be incredible . i have walk thousand of mile in these and the old pair be still not wear out . these be comfortable and you can do just about anything in they . they be not good for run , hike rough trail or black tie dinner but incredible for everything else . the be the best all-purpose shoe around . buy with confidence !
371	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these because of the style . they be even better than i expect . the strap be pad , make they very comfortable and they look even better while wear they
897	Sandal	POS	5	i have bilateral plantar faciitis and if you know what that be then you know how it feel , and wear these sandal help to alleviate the pain all together because of it be ability to conform to you foot and give excellent support . i recommend these sandal to anyone who want comfort for they foot and especially for those folk who need support inside the house and be not able to walk barefoot . great for the money and worth every dime !
45	Sandal	POS	4	great purchase and timely delivery . my grandson be quite pleased with he birk . we take they to we local birkenstock store to get some additional hole for a more secure fit . i be sure he 'll get great wear from he birk . thank you !
753	Sandal	POS	5	shoe be fantastic , i be recommend they by a friend . the only thing i can say be that the size guide on amazon.com do not match the manufacturer 's one . e.g. on amazon a uk size 8.5 need a us size 9 . however keen website -lrb- and the box they come in -rrb- say that a uk 8 be a us 9 . double check people ...
642	Sandal	POS	5	great . the good price and fast ship . the sandal be great for the ocean , sailing and i just wear mine for kayaking . you can get the wet and they do not smell and they dry fast .
689	Sandal	POS	5	this lovely , high quality sandalwood soap by caswell-massey be make of natural , vegetable base product . the soap be triple-milled which mean that the soap be very hard and will last a long time . the lather be mild and creamy , leave the skin lightly scented with this special sandalwood blend . this be the larger size which be refer to as the bath soap . it be darker and have a wood grain appearance . the bath bar be larger and weigh 5.8 oz . they also carry a smaller size hand soap . it be light tan and come in the 3.25 oz -lrb- 92 g -rrb- size . i have use the hand soap as bath soap and can not tell the difference -- the scent and soap quality be the same . caswell-massey 's line of sandalwood product have be a favorite of mine for many year . the scent be so wonderful i use bar of this soap in my clothing drawer to infuse my clothing . while this blend may use other ingredient to create the blend the primary scent be the characteristic sweet woodsy fragrance of sandalwood . sandalwood be the name for a variety of tree -lrb- 19 -rrb- in the genus santalum . true sandalwood come from hawaii , australia and india . the essential oil be very expensive and the quality vary accord to the age of the tree and the species . it be naturally antibacterial which can assist in keep skin clear of blemish . the sweet woodsy aroma be calming and be use in ayurvedic medicine to treat anxiety . caswell-massey be america 's oldest apothecary establish in 1752 . they be well know for provide luxury personal care product . george washington and john adams figure among they early clientele .
398	Sandal	POS	4	they seem to run small . normally wear a 11 and they do not fit . receive in a timely manor . very happy with the service .
873	Sandal	POS	4	occasionally the shoe be a little tight when i first put they on , but they soon become very comfortable . i be pretty happy with the purchase and the price .
477	Sandal	POS	5	rainbow sandal be the best flip-flop sandal that be on the market . they fit well and will outwear any other sandal by 2 to 1 . the quality be very good but not quite the heavy duty rainbow that i use to buy in the late 1970 's . island surf be a very reliable supplier who ship very quickly which i appreciate . the product and seller be highly recommend .
762	Sandal	POS	5	i currently have a pair of these which be get wear out . they be comfortable wakling in they . the only problem have be small pebble get between my foot and the insole . i also use they on my boat where they provide great traction on the deck and do not leave mark .
612	Sandal	POS	5	my husband have he previous pair of keen newports for 7 year . he have wear they every spring\/summer\/fall since he get they and they be finally start to look wear out . i order the black olive\/deep lichen for he birthday and he be thrill to get another pair before we vacation . these all purpose shoe be perfect for play outside with the kid , light hiking , casual dinner out or run errand . i be sure he will wear these just as long , but probably will not let i get rid of he old pair .
428	Sandal	POS	5	i order a pair of rainbow sandals a week before christmas for my son as a gift . i be not sure if they would arrive in time and i be so happy when the sandal arrive a couple of day before christmas !
756	Sandal	POS	4	i strongly recommend to try on in a store first to get proper size . while the shoe itself be fantastic , i be a size 13 and really wish i have order a 14 because two different pair i purchase run small .
388	Sandal	POS	4	buy these to replace a older pair of clark than i have for over ten year . hope these last as long . they could be tad more comfortable , but they may need some breaking in . they be well construct and easy to slip on and off . herb .
950	Sandal	POS	5	i get the keen newport h2 in `` process blue and yellow '' . they be so comfortable . i use they as my walking shoe . i normally wear a 7.5 and i buy these in a 7.5 and they fit true to size . i be glad i do not get a bigger size as some have suggest . i love they !
372	Sandal	POS	5	i have try these type of sandal and i live they . i have be use it for the last 3 year and i be happy with they . i keep buy they all the time , specially when they be on sale . once you try they you will not be able to let they go . trust i . i prefer the black color , but brownish be fine too .
139	Sandal	POS	5	this be more than a flip flop . it be a comfort sandle . my son wear these year round and prefer the double stack because it be much more comfortable and have more support . he be on he 3rd pair .
3	Sandal	POS	5	i have never own any keen shoes\/sandals , i hear about they and even speak with some co-worker who own they . well i have my old pair of sandal give out because i use they to walk my dog around a local small lake . i think this be the time to try keen sandal since my old sandal be `` cheapy '' . i find these keen at a good price and buy a pair . after a few walk around my lake they be break in . i find they be comfortable and a better fit than my old pair . i also think about replace my old hike boot and find a pair keen hybrids hike boot and decide base on the sandal to purchase they . i have faith in they just base on the sandal . i recommend keen for anyone look a good fitting pair of sandal .
118	Sandal	POS	4	i have have two pair of these and would buy they again . the sole on these be very comfortable for walk on rugged and not so rugged surface . do not fit tightly which be fine with i . i have no wear point and have go for hour many day in a row in these sandal .
246	Sandal	POS	4	i buy these after realize my worn out merrel sandal be no longer build ... i be not keen fan , and i still think they look a little funny . but , they fit well , seem well make , and they feel great . i have wear they to work for a week , and walk 5 mile around nyc and i be still happy . i think my proper size be a 9.5 , and i hear these run big , so i order a 10 , and that seem right . i kind of have to work to get they on , and i do not slide around in they . the elastic lace seem to do little . i imagine they will stretch out a little -lrb- not too much i hope -rrb- and the lace will be useful .
575	Sandal	POS	5	these be still the best sandal on the market . they be so comfortable that i wear mine every day . i especially like they when i be work on my foot for long period of time . they give excellent support and i never get a back ache . they look great too !
721	Sandal	POS	5	i buy my first pair of newport h2 's for we honeymoon in jamaica . we plan to do the dunn 's river falls hike and want shoe we could slog through the water in without have to buy ugly , smelly `` aquasock '' we would never wear again . these sandal work great for the hike and stand up to rock , salt , sand , and lot of sun during the course of we trip . -lrb- when we get home , they go in the washer with the rest of we clothes and come out just like new . -rrb- we still continue to wear they once we return to `` real life '' since they be comfortable -lrb- even for my hubby , who have ankle and arch problem -rrb- , be easy to pull on and go , and come in fun color . i practically live in they during the warm month ! in the last 3 1\/3 year , i have become so addict to my keen that i have add a second pair of newport h2 's and two pair of enclosed hiking shoe to my closet -lrb- one pair of which be my everyday sneaker when it be too cold for the sandal -rrb- .
30	Sandal	POS	5	do not be fool by the price . these be not cheaply-made shoe . i have have a black pair -lrb- that i pay about $ 80.00 for -rrb- like this for over two year . they be light , comfortable , and durable . i have like they so much , that i finally decide to get a brown pair to match my clothes that require brown shoe . i be go to keep buy they as long as they make they , especially since they cost so much less that they use to .
32	Sandal	POS	5	i have own 4 pair of these shoe already and will buy more . my wife and i keep we house shoe and outside shoe seperate . we mainly have wood and tile in we house to go barefoot give i really sore foot . so i use these shoe instead for all of my inside walking . without a doubt , ton of comfort , lot of air flow and feel great on my foot . i can not recommend these enough .
618	Sandal	POS	4	sandal seem very tight at first but i wear they for progressively longer period each day until they loosen up and conform to my foot . now they be extremely comfortable . they seem durable and my son say they be the best sandal out there . the only reason they be not 5 star be the footbed be a little slick but my son say once they wear in a little more that go away . this be easily the best pair of flip flop i have ever own
56	Sandal	POS	5	these shoe be no longer available in store . when i recently go on the timberland website , i find out that they no longer make this shoe . the only one available appear to be whatever be leave in the amazon.com seller ' stock . i buy a pair of these about 5 year ago at dillards , and they be the most comfortable shoe i have ever own until i finally wear they out . i just get a new pair and use mink oil to soften they up . it work great .
291	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear the reef flip-flop for year . i wear flip-flop every day and get more than a full year out of one pair . they be very durable , fit great and the comfort level can not be match . the reef smoothy contour flip-flop require no break-in and feel much lighter than anything on my foot . i go with another brand -lrb- leather -rrb- , only want to get something that look a little dressier and be extremely disappoint with comfort & fit ... big mistake and a waste of money . only reef smoothy flip-flop for i from now on .
36	Sandal	POS	5	thank goodness birkenstock be reliable and produce she same comfortable shoe year after year . it create very loyal birkenstock fan .
208	Sandal	POS	5	this be my 4th pair of birki 's ... they be top in comfort , easy to wear , easy to wash . i wear they instead of house slipper because they give so much support .
991	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable , even with my high arch , feel good wet or dry . it do feel a little warm at first with the covered toe and black color but i get use to it quickly . someone earlier complain about the elastic tie flop and make a noise ... uh , tuck it in to the lace at the front of the shoe .
343	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear birkenstock shoe now for over 10 year very little or no lower back issue and they form to you foot . once you wear they that be all almost that you will weaqr exxcept go out dressy .
874	Sandal	POS	5	i have have these for about a month now . i wear they all the time . i do my best to place they in the most extreme condition possible and they have hold up wonderfully . my ultimate test be a 3 day canoe trip . i would jump out of the canoe into the delaware over and over . they have excellent traction on the slippery rock bottom and dry within a half a hour . i get they compltely muddy and then forget they in the bed of my truck for a couple of day . i just soak they in a bucket of warm water , spray they with a hose , and they look brand new again . these thing have the durability and stability of a high quality light weight hike shoe and can be completely submerge without any issue . i highly recommend they to anyone who like to get the most out of they sandal .
667	Sandal	POS	5	i use to have mephisto sandal that appear similar , but the original birkenstock be much better . i especially like the suede top because it be soft on my foot . the soft footbed be excellent - this be the only pair of sandal i can walk for ever in . all other designer flipflop , etc , from banana , gucci , etc , may look cool , but be extremely uncomfortable and very difficult to drive in . again , birkenstock be comfortable both walk and drive - i have be wear it along all summer . you can change the sole and it be ecological too !
943	Sandal	POS	4	these sandal be very comfortable . i wear they all the time around the house , instead of go barefoot . i have foot surgery several year ago and be tell not to go barefoot , so i either wear birkenstock sandal , or these , which i call a birkenstock flipflop .
475	Sandal	POS	5	the clark 's man 's hudson sandal i purchase be the most comfortable and versitile footwear i have own in a long time . my wife swear by clark 's and now i do too . they can be wear with or without the backstrap , which be removable , the footbed be leather and the sole absorb you stride . i do not know they make man 's product until i do a search on amazon.com . my highest praise .
410	Sandal	POS	5	rainbows flip-flop be the best . they be a little more expensive than other pair , but they be well worth it .
726	Sandal	POS	4	i buy this because i like the product . i have have it before and about every 2 year i need a new pair since i wear they out . this product rock just like the one i have 2 year before that , and the one i have 2 year before that . i be a fan .
837	Sandal	POS	5	if you have never try r&g; sandalwood soap , do so right away ! this be a discontinue fragrance and i be sure there be not that many in stock . why they discontinue sandalwood , i will never understand . it be my favorite soap ever .
305	Sandal	POS	4	product be best price , receive in no time , it be a gift and the person receive the product have no problem with it
432	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love these sandal . he like canoeing and these sandal protect he toe and have a good grip for river walking .
418	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair of these sandle . they be smart look , extremely comfortable , and durable . wear barefoot with shorts or wear with sock for jeans or slacks . thank you , timberland !
998	Sandal	POS	4	great sandal but it take a long time and a couple blister to break in the fabric at the toe . do not try to walk in they for a long time after purchase . wear they around the house and in the shower first .
832	Sandal	POS	4	i love these sandal . - they be very rugged . - the snug , secure fit over the foot and around the ankle pair with the unique toe space -lrb- see caveat below -rrb- match my preferred fit for a shoe . - the foot bed have just that right amount of cushion and comfort while still feel solid and stable . they really hit the `` magic '' mix on this . - the bolster around the heel and arch eliminate side to side movement create a very stable feel about these shoe . - the hybrid nature of these shoe cause i to reach for they far more often than my sandal or hiking\/walking shoe . have you ever try to run in sandal ? how long do it take to dry hike shoe after a wade ? now to my small caveat : 1 . it may be just that i have a abnormally tall big-toe , but i could stand just one more millimeter of space in the toe well over the top . in fact , the first time i buy a pair of these , i have to return they after a couple day because my toenail just-barely touch the top of the toe well and make i nut . eventually i find a pair that have just that tiny bit of extra space and i snatch they up . this bring i to my second caveat . 2 . you would not expect it , but the size variation across style and even within the same style be pretty significant . i be sure i would never be able to own a pair of keen because of the toe fit thing . when i find they on sale recently , i decide to have another try . to my surprise , i find a pair of original newport in 10.5 -lrb- my size -rrb- that fit awesome with no toe problem ... but they be leather , which i do not want , and they be just the most ridiculous light green color . next i try the h2 with nylon strap . the first 10.5 be way too small , for fun i try two other 10.5 s , all of which feel like they be different size . then i try a 11 . these be too big by a long-shot . i be ready to leave when i try a 11.5 on a whim and they fit perfectly ... i think you need to try these shoe on before you buy . i buy everything i can online , but in the case of keen shoe , i would be really hesitant .
593	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal be great ! they be exactly as order and be very comfortable . all of my kid have these sandal , they be make well and wear well , last for a couple of year
973	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal by timberland be by far the most comfortable i have ever own . no break-in period at all . fast shipping also , order these on friday evening and they be deliver on monday .
131	Sandal	POS	5	light weight , durable , great toe protection and quick on\/off . never own a pair of keens , teevas or any type of sandal like this so i can not compare it to other but this particular one be a recommend . i usually wear 9.5 and the 9 fit perfect with a little room .
526	Sandal	POS	4	these be my 4th pair and i like keen my next pair will be keen again , the best sandal i ever own .
895	Sandal	POS	5	great shoe , super comfortable , long lasting . this be my second pair , my first pair last almost 5 year before the support be not really good enough - upper be still great though .
9	Sandal	POS	4	i order these sandal online from amazon , and while i do not usually shop for shoe online because of the size and have to try it out first , it be a winner . the size be perfect and the fit be very comfortable . the only reason i give it 4 star be because the price be a little high ... a hundred buck for sandal that will take some beating in walk , water ... etc. . still , they look great and fit great .
401	Sandal	POS	4	i buy the black because they be on sale . here be a couple of observation , after wear they in and out of the water , on foot and while ride a bicycle : they be comfortable and light , without compromise support and because the toe be close , they actually provide buoyancy in the water - great if you be just float around , but it do make for some awkward swimming . though they be completely waterproof , they do take a very long time to dry out . however , they be not uncomfortable to wear while wet . it look like they will hold up for a long time and overall , i would recommend they .
420	Sandal	POS	4	buy this for my dad , he want another shoe from this company but due to miscommunication end up buy this one . either way , this shoe be comfortable and work well he summer outfit .
259	Sandal	POS	5	my husband have not take these sandal off since we get they - except for when he be asleep at night !! do that tell you anything ??
869	Sandal	POS	5	love this sandal , i work as a adventure guide treke through river and forest in the same adventure and i have to say this be the best shoe ever , and dry quick . have good grip , very cumfortable and light .
972	Sandal	POS	5	waaaaaaay better than the leather sole rainbow purely because they do not get slippery when you foot get wet . have these bad boy for over 2 year now , buy 'em off amazon originally . they have survive about 20 country across 4 continent . i have take they backpack , scuba diving , dancing , kayaking , bike ride , accidentally shoot they with a pressure washer , and watch one -lrb- the right , i believe -rrb- take a unscheduled trip into the ocean without i . they have go to the beach , to the mountain , the desert , the jungle , a mosh pit in germany , on plane , train , automobile , bicycle , bus , and my university graduation ceremony . i still have not wear they out . when they get too stinky , or some evil envious person end up steal they , or 2017 hit , you better believe i 'll be round up another pair .
197	Sandal	POS	5	i have have my h2 sandal for over 3 year , and have put well over 1k mile on mine . around town , in the water , and on the trail . they have not wear out or fall apart , or lose color . i do have to have a shoe repairman reinforce the seam on the fabric where the side panel meet the sole , maybe 100 mile ago , but after 1k mile , i guess a little seam repair be more than reasonable . i just buy another pair , on sale , but they be still in the box cause the old one be still go strong .
662	Sandal	POS	5	this be my first pair of rainbow sandal as for some reason i have decide to only buy cheap sandal up until now . never again will i skimp on sandal . rainbow 's be the way to go ! the break-in period of these sandal be brutal ! luckily it be only a matter of a day or two before they be break in . they be painful to wear at first but now be like pillow on you foot . judge by the warranty on the label and the fact that they will replace they if the strap break before they wear through the sole , i be guess these be build to last . great look and style as i wear these with jeans or more causally with shorts or swim trunk . very nice to have a pair of black sandal in the summer wardrobe arsenal . essential for anyone who wear black in the warm weather . i would make sure you know what size you be . depend on if you like to wear you sandal more snugly or a bit looser , might be good to try they on in store first before buy if you have never own they before because of how they size work . bottom line : my first pair of rainbow 's ... certainly not my last .
976	Sandal	POS	5	i have use they everday since i buy they and they have be great . ex . i go to busch gardens williamsburg , va and walk around with they the whole day from 10-6 and then some after that and my foot never hurt and i do not get any blister the next day . i already buy a second pair
767	Sandal	POS	5	it be well past time to replace my set of h2 sandal . quick search , quick order , and quick delivery be the hallmark of deal with this vendor . as a bonus , the company reuse a old keen box for packaging . while the box be gently use , the sandal be pristime - which be just fine with i . there be no need to stand on cememony with a sparkling box : just get i the sandal i need at a affordable price and on time . that be just what they do .
316	Sandal	POS	4	my experience with keen newport h2 sandal be similar to many i read here . comfortable , convenient , good toe protection , stable , etc. . for the price they be a excellent value , give that you 'll likely be wear they at every opportunity . i do have a couple of observation that might differ from what many other have say . i , for one , do not experience a odor problem . my model be tout as have a anti-microbial footbed that apparently prevent odor . whatever it be , the product be remarkably effective in my case . my great disappointment , and the reason that i can not award 5-star here and why i do not buy another pair at the beginning of this season , be the surprisingly short life of my shoe . on both shoe -lrb- left and right -rrb- , the footbed be parting at the mold seam and the webbing be pull away from the shoe at these same point . this , just after one season of wear -lrb- frequent wear , include a few camping trip and creek wade , i should point out -rrb- . i have a pair of teva sandal that be years-old and still on the job . so , i be give another product a try this year ; but i would not discourage you from give these a shot . maybe you 'll have a better experience .
62	Sandal	POS	5	i have have foot problem which have force i to get new footwear . when i be a teen , i try a pair of birkenstock but return they because of the pain - and the fear that i would not be able to return they if i wear they too long . i have a high instep , and go to try on shoe at the local shoe store . i could only get my foot into birkenstocks and haflinger 's , and i choose between the taupe birkenstock - soft footbed and regular . the same color be different base on whether or not it be the soft footbed , and i choose the soft because it have a sage green tone rather than a rosier golden tan tone . it take 3 week to break these in . the strap nearest the ankle dig into i with every step i take , because of my instep . it hurt and cause bleed under the skin , but i persist in wear they a couple of hour at a time . normally , i go barefoot inside because i can not stand shoe and do not even like sandal much , but i now do not want to take off my birkenstock ! i love they . i ask the salesman if the strap would stretch , and he say they would stretch to a point , and especially if fasten too tight . i have be wear they kinda loosely , but i prefer they snug enough to stay on - not tight . hopefully they will not stretch too much . the strap and the durability of the sole be what lead to my review 's title , as i do not know the answer to those question now . i have order a pair in the boston style as well . the softb boston in mocha look great to i , and different from the same color in the regular footbed . if this love last , i will have little use for any other shoe . the way the insole conform to my foot make these feel like they be a part of i , which be why they can feel better than barefoot .
620	Sandal	POS	5	i love my flip-flop but the cheap one always seem to break where the front strap go into the bottom . these flip-flop be sturdy and worth every penny . do not hesitate just buy .
812	Sandal	POS	4	these sandal really protect the foot , and be great for hike especially through water . they have good support and be comfortable to wear all day long . rate this product 4 of 5 star because there be a defect on one of the sandal where the seam come undo by the inside of the right heel . this defect may have be a fluke , and i be sad to return such a comfortable pair of all terrain sandal . however , the company -lrb- island surf -rrb- smoothly accomodate my return at no cost .
486	Sandal	POS	5	i love my birkenstock !!! i have never own a pair until i buy these and the be so comfortable !!! thanks !!!
522	Sandal	POS	5	after enjoy numerous pair , over numerous year ... this time i be try the " doublelayer " , maybe i will get double life out of they . never experience a mfr . defect , when a hole finally erode the heel , it be time to buy a fresh pair . once i run into this kid at the lihue airport in kauai , he say thanks for wear my uncle sandal ... nice kid ! my 18 year old daughter wear 'em ragged too .
545	Sandal	POS	5	this be the 4th pair of rainbow sandal i have purchase for my college age child ... and this one a replacement for some `` well worn '' one ! they be a great product and worth the money , yes a bit much for `` flip flop '' but these be not `` flip flop '' and be well worth the money !
288	Sandal	POS	5	this be the best pair of sandal ive ever wear ! they be extremely comfortable , stylish , and very durable . people always compliment i and ask i where i get they from . you can get they cheaper at you local dillards . about $ 10 cheaper and no shipping cost .
861	Sandal	POS	5	this be the third time i have purchase rainbow sandal ... they be always amazing ! last forever , super comfy , kind of expensive , but worth it in the long run !
466	Sandal	POS	5	this be my third purchase of birkenstock . the best and most comfortable sandal ever ! i recommend they all the time over the last fifteen year or so .
824	Sandal	POS	5	so far i have own two pair of these sandal and they be the most comfortable thing ever . each pair i have wear for two year , almost year round . here i be again to retire my current air , after not be able to find they in store this year . i be stoke to see multiple color choice so i can retire some of my other inferior sandal .
380	Sandal	POS	5	just receive my second pair of rainbow eastcape sandal . i completely wear out my first pair . these be with out a doubt the most comfortable sandal i have ever own . initially think they be a little pricey for `` flip-flop '' but they be worth every penney .
937	Sandal	POS	5	absolutely awesome h2o sandal ! i buy my keen newport h2o 's in 2005 to go on a trip to costa rica for 14 day . i be in sand , rock , mud , muck , lava rock , the ocean , river , everything in between , and they perform flawlessly . easy to clean , lightweight , durable , great support , great protection , h2o friendly . i still wear they every spring and summer and they be hold up very well . there be absolutely no separation that i can see anywhere on they , other than `` 1 string '' that go around the side patch where the keen logo be located . and as far as the toe guard go ... it be extremely tuff . if you smack you toe against a rock , it just bounce right back . you might feel a vibration of course , but i honestly never hurt any toe in these shoe ... -lrb- knock on wood -rrb- . i would not be surprise if these last another 3 to 5 yr , but by then i will have buy a nice new pair of keens : -rrb- highly recommend !!
555	Sandal	POS	4	buy these 5 year ago and it be time for a new pair . i go for the same exact color ! not only be these comfy -lrb- the arch support be nice ! -rrb- , you can dress they up or down . typical summer prep wear . highly recommend over havaiana which be cheap and provide no arch support . only get 4 star because i have wide foot and there be a break in period which i forget about . i know that sound ridiculous for flip flop but i remember have this problem with my last pair and keep those for literally 5 year .
379	Sandal	POS	5	nice sandal . be wear they for for a week or so , up on the blue ridge parkway and such . the plus be that they be very comfortable and no chaffing or rubbing . very good traction . my wife have have a pair for over a month and love they . she be very fussy about shoe , and now want i to buy she 2 more pair in differ color . note : she do not like many shoe either . she have be able to hike in place where she would not have be able to go without they . the minus be that they be a bit pricey . but , what be the price of a good , comfortable shoe that do not blister and chaff you ? you will also read about piece give way and such . but they seem to be hold together rather nicely despite some rather aggressive use and abuse . i like mine and will buy another pair , and 2 for my wife .
984	Sandal	POS	4	personally i like the style of the leather weave , keep foot warm even though it be a weave style shoe . keep shape along time compare to other weaved shoe .
215	Sandal	POS	5	my second pair !!! my first pair last about 7 year and i wear they a lot . i wear these a lot also and i absolutely love they . hand down the best . advise : when you get they , soak they in warm water and then wear they around until they dry out . do this at least 3-4 time to break they in . if you do this they will be you best friend . i know you be not suppose to use any product on they -lrb- cause they say so -rrb- but i use a quality glycerin leather saddle cleaner\/leather softener . i really spend some time work it into the sandal and then i wear they around until they dry out and do that a couple time .
710	Sandal	POS	5	i previously own a pair of rainbow sandals that be the single layer . i enjoy wear they they have a excellent build and form to my foot . however while climb mt. pinatuba in the luzon province of the philippines one of we aeta guide break he sandal so i give he my rainbow as a replacement . after return from the trip my other sandal just would not do it so i log onto amazon and pick up this pair . they be great quality and even more comfortable than my previous pair . the price be a bit much but you really will not find a better classic pair of sandal .
166	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable , size perfect . when the time come i will buy another pair . there be nothing at all negative to say ...
394	Sandal	POS	4	love these shoe ... however this time one of the shoe 's toe mold be a bit off . so that natural feeling to walk with ease be not quite there in one shoe . i be hope that it will ware down and be great like the other shoe and as normal . it be a great pair of shoe . i be not sure what happen with the one shoe . i could have make a return ... but i want to wear the shoe so badly that i just do not want to part with they . i should have do a return . so ... it be my own fault not to be perfectly pleased .
820	Sandal	POS	5	i have lose all hope in rainbow sandle when i be try on the leather one -lrb- too narrow for i foot -rrb- ... that be until i see these baby ! i actually go to the outlet in san clemente to try these on ! they be great , comfortable with a good sole and have that `` broken in feel '' within a matter of hour . they be also wide enough for wide foot . i agree with one of the post that they feel like reef but without the tacky gadget that reef have . these have a classy look to they as well . great buy , can not go wrong with these .
94	Sandal	POS	4	great product . they fit well and very comfortable . i will be buy addition pair to make sure i have they in the future
900	Sandal	POS	5	my granddaughter love she new sandal . she have very flat foot and that be the only kind off sandal that keep she foot in place !
638	Sandal	POS	5	i use to buy this 5 bottle at a time and have i know they be go to discontinue the scent , i would have buy as much of it as possible . it be the perfect type of sandalwood scent for this mix . impossible to come by lately . i wish they would start make this again !
636	Sandal	POS	5	the shoe be comfortable and durable . they arrive in record time so i could still wear they before winter arrive !
257	Sandal	POS	5	as a ex-deadhead who have worn birkenstock for nearly 30 year , i be lucky enough to be in a profession that get to wear the sandal half of the year . -lrb- the warm month in santa fe . -rrb- these sandal be the best shoe in the world when you consider all the category bar none . i also purchase they for a excellent price at a amazon.com supplier .
587	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase these sandal for my son and he like they . the only thing he do not care for be the buckle on the sandal
201	Sandal	POS	4	and like the first pair own , it take some breaking in of the sandal . can hurt the foot for awhile .
826	Sandal	POS	5	the sandle be comfortable , nice look , fairly inexpensive , and all in all i love they . will definitely recommend to all .
780	Sandal	POS	4	i have be wear these nearly every day since i get they to replace a pair of lose teva flipflop . i find the leather to be super comfortable .
978	Sandal	POS	5	i have be a teva wearer for some time now and have try sandal by other base on they model -lrb- teva -rrb- . nothing i have worn in the past have a closed toebox or a bungee for a shoelace and these shoe have both . plus i can toss they in the washer . truly a great combination of a sport sandal and a trail shoe . i love all three pair that i own and look foward to year of service with they .
161	Sandal	POS	5	buy a pair at local shoe store , full price , but wonderful service , i.e. , help in get exact right size and style . this be my second pair buy at amazon at a price which better suit my pocketbook . know my size really help . i do not usually find it very satisfy to buy shoe on-line because of the size issue . keep those birkis come amazon ! you service be great with free 2 day shipping for prefer customer like i ! i recommend birkis for anyone with low arch , flat foot , who need a good supportive platform . they be wonderful as footwear around the house when soft but unsupportive slipper will not do ! wear they with wool sock when it be cold .
340	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal fit great right from the box day one . have never have a shoe that be as comfortable . actually this be the second pair that i purchase in a week time . the first pair fit so well and be so comfortable that i have a desire to get a backup pair . one that i could use for other than everyday use .
214	Sandal	POS	5	keen shoe be the most comfortable shoe i wear . with sock or without - in the water or not - i would love to wear they with everything - they do not look so good with business suit , but i wish they do !
70	Sandal	POS	5	the sperry sandal be a well make product and have a sole that be very good on wet and slippery deck . i would difinately recommend this product .
19	Sandal	POS	5	i highly recommend this product . it look good and feel good . a extremely comfortable sandal . i normally do not bother do review , however this product be really worth it .
819	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase this since i have be purchase the leather one for few year and these may even last longer than the leather one . regardless , i will find out in four year . i own other keen shoe as well since keen be very comfortable and the toe guard be the best protection i can get on any hike trip or construction site without wear a steel toe shoe . i go through a keen newport every four year . the leather loose its deep color to a beautiful bleach color since it be continuously expose to water , sun and heat every time i wear keen to my water ski trip . the biggest advantage of keen shoe be its sole . do not stink and i do not have to wear sock so i wear it all the time even when i go to the club and do weight lifting . no other shoe or sandal can ever come close to the comfort , toe protection , expose open surface , no stink sole , durability year after year , use after use in water or land . bravo .
805	Sandal	POS	4	my father seem so happy after first few step in he new shoe that i buy on amazon and it make i happy also .
979	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these with we colorado trip this come may in mind and i have gotta say we get a great price ! and my husband have never once like a pair of sandal , but these in he word `` feel amazing , so comfortable '' they look really nice on too : - -rrb- i be order a pair for myself right now !
359	Sandal	POS	5	i be a rainbow lover , so my opinion be bias , but i believe these be great shoe . i buy they for my boyfriend who honestly find they to be uncomfortable at first , but now that they be break in he love they . rainbow be high quality in my opinion . i have have mine for year , and they only improve with age .
518	Sandal	POS	4	i buy these as a replacement pair for the old leather reef flip flop that i love but they no longer make . as state in other review , expect a serious break in period . these sandal be very tight at first and actually rub the top of my foot raw the first time i wear they for a extend period of walk . however , the strap stretch out and the foot bed compress down so they loosen up and really do become very comfortable . if you can deal with a couple uncomfortable day at first in exchange for -lrb- hopefully -rrb- a few year of solid comfort , go ahead and pick a pair up .
615	Sandal	POS	5	i wear these year around at home and love they . they be well design to support the arch of you foot .
699	Sandal	POS	5	these shoe be great . the fit be perfect . just what i need for a long time . if ask i will recommend this product .
472	Sandal	POS	4	these be good sandal and i really like the look . i be still break they in -lrb- that take quite awhile -rrb- , but i like they so far . heed all advice that say to break they in slowly ! i do not and my foot pay for it . now that i have get they to mold to my foot , they be comfortable . i have walk several mile at a time in they and have not have problem . try they and see what you think .
100	Sandal	POS	5	these be the second pair of these flip flop i have buy and that be because they be the best . really well make , comfortable and classy !
875	Sandal	POS	5	great product and service . actually have to re-order new one because i do not like the color , and the turnaround be great !
797	Sandal	POS	5	although it be not list as a wide size , it be . my husband that take a 6.5 4e fit a 7 comfortably . no pinching or discomfort and we have go through other brand of shoe that be " wide " size . this be great .
888	Sandal	POS	4	i love birkenstock sandal . let 's just say that right off the bat . i love these shoe . they feel so good on my foot . when i can find these shoe on sale , i buy they . if i can not , i buy betula sandals ... very similar ... same feel . well , i see these advertise as my favorite shoe with a soft footbed , which i have never have before . so , i buy they . sorry , footbed feel the same to i . that be my only complaint . it be not worth the extra $ 20.00 . other than that ... a great shoe .
610	Sandal	POS	5	best $ 90.00 i ever invest in shoes ! i purchase this pair of keen h2 's in this exact color back in april of 2009 , and i wear they every day -lrb- except winter as it snow where i live -rrb- i wear they at the oregon coast when i go crabbing , the casino in nevada , while mountain biking and camping or hike back home here in idaho , while do yard work , and shopping . i even wear they at work a couple time at the water department . they break in after a few month and now i be be challenge to depart with they 3 plus year later . i purchase some dr. scholls charcoal liner so they do not stink and it work like a charm . i get more than my money worth as much as i wear these they be not even start to fall apart . my boxer pup chew on the lace on one of they and even so they still be not break . the sole be wear but still have traction . i be brutal when i play so these keen take a severe beating . i use to buy cheap sandal annually but once i discover keens several year ago i not only wear the sandal but i have similar hiking shoe for those colder day . if you be like i and want something reliable , indestructable and worth the money , do yourselve a big favor and get a pair of these as it will be the last pair of sandal you ever need . i just purchase another pair and will start wear they next spring as my wife be nagging i to toss the original . i will never buy a cheap pair of sandal ever again . i give these 10 star if i could . i guess the only bad thing be while bare foot my foot now have this tiger strip tan line from the sandal pattern lol . .
43	Sandal	POS	5	the sandal be everything we expect and more ! my sister have own a pair of rainbow sandals for year and they be still hold up like they be brand new . they be comfortable -lrb- like walk on a cloud -rrb- , make of excellent quality , and i plan to only buy rainbow sandals from now on !
592	Sandal	POS	5	i advise who like to be sandal ... this tonga sandal very comfortable and too fit my foot . . and also to light ...
367	Sandal	POS	5	so glad i make this purchase , new sandal with soft footbed . excellent for those who have flat foot but love to wear sandal .
102	Sandal	POS	4	i bring a pair of rainbow flip flop during college and it have be great so far -lrb- 2 year -rrb- . these flip flop will be hard to wear for the first 2 week or so , but eventually they will adjust to you foot and become incredibly comfortable . think of it as a high heel for man . one thing i would recommend be to know your size . i order a 9\/10 and it be too small for i , i have to return it and exchange for a new one . it be a hassle , and i lose a additional 5 buck due to shipping , but it be my fault for not order the right size in the first place . in the end , this sandal have be nothing but satisfaction .
795	Sandal	POS	4	i really like the shoe . they be very well make and will last a long time . the color be bright -lrb- i love the color - no problem find my shoe in the pile on the porch -rrb- and show no sign of fading . they do however hold sand in the toe when at the ocean ; which add to the problem that the shoe be very heavy . perhaps this be the price we have to pay for a shoe that will last a long time . i wonder if keen would consider make a shoe with a hole in the toe for ocean wear ? be there a filler they could put inside the sole that would be lighter ?
479	Sandal	POS	5	hand down these be the best sandal i have ever own . fast shipping from amazon . just know that you have to break these in before the become rad .
332	Sandal	POS	5	this lovely , high quality sandalwood soap by caswell-massey be make of natural , vegetable base product . the soap be triple-milled which mean that the soap be very hard and will last a long time . the lather be mild and creamy , leave the skin lightly scented with this special sandalwood blend . this be the larger size which be refer to as the bath soap . it be darker and have a wood grain appearance . the bath bar be larger and weigh 5.8 oz . they also carry a smaller size hand soap . it be light tan and come in the 3.25 oz -lrb- 92 g -rrb- size . i have use the hand soap as bath soap and can not tell the difference -- the scent and soap quality be the same . caswell-massey 's line of sandalwood product have be a favorite of mine for many year . the scent be so wonderful i use bar of this soap in my clothing drawer to infuse my clothing . while this blend may use other ingredient to create the blend the primary scent be the characteristic sweet woodsy fragrance of sandalwood . sandalwood be the name for a variety of tree -lrb- 19 -rrb- in the genus santalum . true sandalwood come from hawaii , australia and india . the essential oil be very expensive and the quality vary accord to the age of the tree and the species . it be naturally antibacterial which can assist in keep skin clear of blemish . the sweet woodsy aroma be calming and be use in ayurvedic medicine to treat anxiety . caswell-massey be america 's oldest apothecary establish in 1752 . they be well know for provide luxury personal care product . george washington and john adams figure among they early clientele .
988	Sandal	POS	5	when i first get these sandal , i hate they . they be hard on the bottom and leave i red mark on my foot . but it 's okay . it be worth the wait . wear they for about a week or two and it will be smooth sailing from there . i try to wear these whenever i can because they be so much more comfortable than shoe . these sandal be perfect for summer . i also have very sweaty foot . whenever i wear my old sandal , the bottom would smell and feel sticky the end of the day . however , the problem do not seem to come up anymore . smell and sticky feeling free . one thing i do not like be that although you can get they wet , i try not to . the water tend to change the color of you sandal into a dark old brown look color .
858	Sandal	POS	5	these shoe be for my husband and they be a big winner . perfect fit . very comfortable and nice look . ca not do better then that . they actually be better look than the picture and well make .
803	Sandal	POS	4	i buy this a year ago in a barbershop in ireland and the soap be still with i . i shave three time a week -lrb- i like to grow a little stubble -rrb- and i would say that 60-70 % of the cake be leave . the lather be easy to get if you prime it -lrb- let the cake -lrb- and you brush -rrb- soak in water while you be take a shower -rrb- and the smell be great ; fresh , clean and sandalwood-sy . + + great scent + decent lather + longevity - you have to prep the soap to get a good lather .
761	Sandal	POS	5	we order these shoe , they be what my husband want . we receive they before time promise . completely satisfy .
811	Sandal	POS	4	i originally buy my regular size and have to return they . unfortunately it be to another seller beside amazon and i have to pay return shipping . this time i order a half size larger and be please with the fit . return shipping be include but i do not need it . the shoe wear confortably and will even be a little better when broken-in . overall happy and can not wait for next summer to wear they regularly .
784	Sandal	POS	5	these shoe be exactly what i want . beautiful fit and the continued high quality from birkenstock . arrive in perfect condition and exactly on the beginning of the due date !
275	Sandal	POS	4	this be my second pair of rainbow sandal , and i believe i will continue to be a loyal customer to the brand . you will not find a better quality sandal -lrb- and they guarantee a new pair if the old pair ` break ' before you wear through the sole ... check website -rrb- . the only reason i get rid of my old pair be mold ... and it be my own fault . they be leather , i would use they in water and then not properly washed\/dried they . this be my reason for hemp this time around . i must admit that the leather be slightly more compfortable , but the hemp be still better than any of that synthetic bologna . be prepare for you skin to be rub raw the first time you wear they for a long walk ... but after you callus up , it be smooth sailing . such be the life of a sandal wearer .
665	Sandal	POS	5	sperry have it go on with the santa cruz mens thong sandal ! easy break in time ! a hour be like you have have they for over a month . good quality leather and stitching , good material bonding on the sole , no drip run on the bonding resin . they appear a shade lighter in life than on the web image . watch the shoe size chart , the size ten be actually measure 11.25 inch -lrb- foot area -rrb- on the platform inside the ridge , from the big toe area back , go right of the thong , to the middle of the heel area . light , flexible , and very comfortable with the sperry `` wave '' pattern both on the platform and the tread . i would buy two pair so when these wear out -lrb- or somebody steal they -rrb- you 'll have another pair !
912	Sandal	POS	5	these be officially my favorite flip flop , ever . i have a million pair of flip flop , and none of they get worn anymore . like everyone else have say , the strap be a little snug for a few day , but now that i have be wear they for a while , they fit like a glove . ca not say enough good about they - definitely go to order they in other color . edit : i have have these for nearly a year , and aside from winter , i have wear they almost every day . i live in they . they still look brand new -lrb- no joke -rrb- , my foot have form a light imprint on the insole , so they be kinda custom fit , and i just order a second pair in black to prepare for this summer ! i will also point out that there be absolutely no wear on the bottom . these be some durable shoe . best flip flop , ever .
20	Sandal	POS	4	i be wear one of these for a few year until last summer the sole crack . i could not find a new pair in the store and order one from amazon . unfortunately they do not have my size , so my order be not fulfil . i love these sandal and wish i could buy a new pair . they be very comfortable and stylish . they be perfect for hot summer day to wear in the office as they keep foot well ventilate , but look like dress shoe . the only downside of these sandal be the sole . it be make of porous material that actually make walk in these sandal so soft and comfortable . unfortunately they wear out quickly when walk on city cement walkway , but for the price you pay they still well worth it .
51	Sandal	POS	5	i return the sandal because it be a bit too small . i order a different shoe and i really like it . the most comfy sandal i own . sale people on phone very helpful and friendly .
917	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase these for my boyfriend love they and they be durable , fashionable and comfortable ! i have the double stack , narrow strap pair for woman .
907	Sandal	POS	5	great product ! in exellent condition . true to size . i have a regular size , not to wide , so i always take the narrow , and it work great ! very fast shipping . this sandal be very comfortable and pretty . like they so much !!
167	Sandal	POS	4	i purchase the black olive\/deep lichen color , and they look really good . they be very comfortable , although a little large for the size i be use to . i get they because i know i would be do a lot of trek through wet\/muddy part of belize , and i need something waterproof that could be somewhat easily wash . these fit the bill ! the only unfortunate thing about these be that the stitching have start to come undo on the back strap , and i think it be way too soon for that . i have use they quite a bit , but not that hard . and i can not really return they easily , be abroad and all . i think they 'll still last for a while , and when they do fall apart i will most likely buy the exact same pair .
653	Sandal	POS	5	when i first buy the sandal i be little spectable because , have never wear a rainbow before . at first they seem little rough and within few day they break down and adjust to my fit and the leather smoothen . now i can not tell you how much i love they and i dont even want to take they off . the leather seem to be ver sturdy and the nylon sole be very strong . overall and awesome product highly recommend . also keep in mind that they run small so need to get one size larger then you wear . for example i wear sice 8.5 and have to buy 9.5 to 10.5 and fit just fine . !!!
697	Sandal	POS	5	these be my favorite sandal of all time . i get the double layer sandal and they support my foot very well . they may be a bit uncomfortable to break in the beginning but after it mold you foot perfectly . i recommend buy a pair or two .
974	Sandal	POS	4	i order what i think would be exactly like the one i have for seven year ... they be almost the same but they run bigger and it be necessary to punch more hole in the stap .
708	Sandal	POS	5	the soft footbed means this birkus can be worn immediately with no `` break in '' period .
196	Sandal	POS	5	these be my favorite most comfortable shoe . great quality . great deal !! i have pay a lot more than they price .
57	Sandal	POS	5	this be my first birky and i love they . highly recommend they for we sandalfoot . well craft and comfortable as all hell . would definitely puchase again .
706	Sandal	POS	5	good quality , nice model , beatiful color , really confortable . nice packeging ... nice for my mom lol . i would buy it again
104	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these for my boyfriend for he birthday , and he love they ! they be he first double layer one , and he say the support be phenomenal ! they do not take long to break in either ! the color be beautiful ! also , they be much cheaper than other website sale they for !
830	Sandal	POS	5	they be rainbow flip flops . what else can you say . they hold up better than other . they be comfy . end of story .
72	Sandal	POS	5	i get these shoe for my husband and he love they . he be already want another pair in another color .
707	Sandal	POS	4	i like birkenstock but i be go to have to find a nail so i can add a couple of hole to tighten the strap . maybe i miss something in order ?
922	Sandal	POS	5	i be not foolish enough to think i will lose weight wear these shoe -lrb- although the be the heaviest tennis shoe i have ever worn -rrb- . that say , these be the finest sneaker i have ever use . i be retire and have a part time job that require i to stay on my foot for four hour at a time . always , i have have foot pain . i have try several different brand , orthotic , dr. sholl 's , wedges-no help . these make all the difference in the world . i be buy more !
687	Sandal	POS	5	i look fly , i feel fly , and the lady love i down by the pool .
319	Sandal	POS	5	these be the shoe my husband love . they have plenty of room if you have issue now and again with ankle or foot swell . he be on he foot and walk around all day . these shoe give support and hold up to daily use -lrb- or abuse -rrb- . they look nice from the outside and be soft and slightly pad on the inside . i order the wrong shoe the first time around . i need to order the one with the lace , not the one with the velcro strap . the return\/exchange be so easy . i just put the enclosed label on the box and send it to the post office . we get the correct shoe in 2-3 day . will order these again .
375	Sandal	POS	5	i remember wear birkinstock as a child and that they be some of the most comfortable sandal ever make . i be so disappointed when i out grow they . now , as a adult , i decide to try they out again . this be the best deal i could find for a great pair in a great color . they come out of the box hard , however after a few wear they soften up and conform to you foot .
290	Sandal	POS	5	be addict to birkenstock for as long as i can remember . regular shipping seem like prioroty shipping -lrb- yeah that quick ! -rrb- . . sure be a looot cheaper than anywhere else
126	Sandal	POS	5	love my berkinstock !!! they last forever and form to fit perfectly for a long time . so happy ! high quality and comfort .
609	Sandal	POS	5	great shoe , everybody i know love they . 2nd year in a row i buy a pair for gift ''
266	Sandal	POS	5	the hemp one be just as comfortable and half the price . if you get they wet ... let they dry and they 'll be fine .
112	Sandal	POS	5	i buy one pair and they be so comfortable and good look that i immediately purchase a second pair which i get today . do not know how well they will wear but i have never have a problem with timberland
198	Sandal	POS	5	i have love sandal in summer for a long time . merrils go a long way to make my foot happy . however i have want a pair of these waterproof newport h2 sandal for several year . after try on a pair for size , i order these online at a great sale price . now that i have be wear they for over two week i feel capable of say they be the most comfortable pair i own . i like the protected toe area . the arch be nice and high for full support . size feel accurate with what one be familiar with on most shoe . the nylon webbing be line with a very soft interior for no chafing . great shoe !
387	Sandal	POS	5	we live on the water , and it seem like every man age 12 and over have a pair of rainbow flip flop . my husband be never one to show off he toe , but i order these for he , and now they be what he put on the minute he walk in the door from work . they be durable and look good !
944	Sandal	POS	5	i be look for a fairly light but sturdy pair of sandal that i could wear around the camp after a long day of hiking , or i could wear when the go be get pretty wet . these shoe be ideal . they be tough , the sole be strong and will take some serious punishment , they be cool and will not get suck off you foot when you be tramp through mud or water . the inner sole be baiscally some sort of rubber , so it will dry quickly and will not absorb odour and sweat . the shoe should be a breeze to keep clean . there be good protection around the toe so you should not have any issue about kick rock and root as you wander around camp in the dark . if you want to , i think these sandal would be tough enough to actually hike in , but they would not give you much protection from leech etc. . i find they really comfortable to weat straight out of the box . if you be in the market for some tough sandal , then i don ; t think you could do much better than these .
586	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase these for my husband 's birthday and they be a immediate hit . they be comfortable from the first wear and now they be hard to get off he foot ! quick delivery , too .
770	Sandal	POS	5	only buy they because my last pair be lose on vacation . great product that last for age .
535	Sandal	POS	5	this be just what i be look for . i need the narrow width and it be hard to find in a retail store . great shoe at a great price .
298	Sandal	POS	5	i finally buy some birkenstocks . i wish i have year ago . i be not sure about it because i have wide foot and be in between a size 9 1\/2 and a 10 . so i order size 40 -lrb- 9-91\/2 -rrb- and regular width and they be perfect !!! i love how they have only one strap . i would recommend they to everyone !!!!
913	Sandal	POS	5	these cute little shoe have be a lifesaver since the day i find they . they be wonderfully cushiony for a ankle that be ravage by arthritis . they provide excellent support without look dorky or orthopedic . i love they and wear they with a formal dress to a wedding !!
606	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable , very affordable , would highly recommend they for anyone who want a very satisfying sandal , , , would buy this item again , and again , and again
321	Sandal	POS	4	product arrive on time as promise . color be good . it will require a lot of break in since it seem stiffer than other sandal plus the toe splitter seem to pinch some .
381	Sandal	POS	5	the keen sandal be simply the best i have ever have . they be very comfortable , fit you foot perfectly and the toe protection they offer be superior to any other i have ever try !
327	Sandal	POS	4	ok , there be no get around it . birks - you either like 'em or you hate 'em . i personally think they be ugly . but , i have ugly foot too . wide , flat arch and short toe . these sandal just feel perfect for my foot . i get they to wear on the weekend in the summer . i be very happy i try these and have become one of the convert to the birkenstock lifestyle ! bottom line : ugly but oh so comfy !
963	Sandal	POS	5	great product at a great price , these be for my son so he do not have to borrow mine ! my son love the way they fit and the great workmanship !
841	Sandal	POS	4	buy these shoe for beachwear and i love they . look great and fit great . feel kind of funny on the sole of you foot . they have little ridge and bump on the foot bed that you have to get use to . i really do not like the feel on the bottom of my foot but sand get inside too and i do not like the feel of that either but they be a open shoe and i know that when i buy they . all in all they be a classy look pice of footwear .
88	Sandal	POS	4	good product - good service - excellent customer rep service on problem i have with discount . product be great for old hippie !!
558	Sandal	POS	5	i really like buy my rainbow on here because there be many different color option to the normal tan
285	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair of ` bo . no sandal in the world like 'em . you will never know till you wear they . supplier be quick to deliver and as state in the listing .
644	Sandal	POS	5	of all the birkenstocks i have have -- and that be many -- this style be my very favorite . i have have they in black , navy , tan , and silver . i have quite a few other style but the basic style of these be suitable for just about any outfit . i suffer from neuropathy , and cant wear just any shoe . also , my foot be quite narrow , and if a sandal isnt adjustable , it isnt narrow enough for my skinny foot . if you foot be wide , they will adjust to fit wide foot too .
926	Sandal	POS	5	i love shopping for shoe online and not need to send back . love these !
798	Sandal	POS	5	i be late to jump on this train because everyone i know be rave about they rainbow and how awesome they be . i think it be just another yuppy trend and be not willing to spend the money on they , until my brother get marry on the beach and i have to buy light color leather sandal . it take a few week to break they in , but i have have they for a couple year now and they have hold up and be more comfortable then ever .
969	Sandal	POS	5	i also want to get a whole on these birkenstock sandal , finally i get to own one . they be so comfortable ...
779	Sandal	POS	5	beauty , style and venerability be write all over this sandal . you just cant seem to stop look at it even when its not on you foot . its like check out you bentley in the garage not to know if its safe but just to keep see its remarkable beauty . the quality it have in beauty it also have in style and durability . i be the type of person that love to buy new shoe all the time , but with this sandal , i guess my buying day have come to a end -lrb- for sandal -rrb- because i dont think i can ever grow tired of it , and neither will it let i go easily . i guess im stick with it for life . its a very good shoe for those that want to spend good money which be hard to come bye on a pair of shoe that will last and last and last .
546	Sandal	POS	5	i have live on the `` big island '' on the kona coast in hawaii for the last 20 year , and all we wear here be `` slipper '' , know as `` thong '' or sandal on the mainland . i usually go through a pair every two or three month . the rainbow sandal be the best that i have worn . it look like they will last a very long time .
385	Sandal	POS	5	dad say they be comfortable and that he receive multiple compliment every time he wear they . can not beat the price either for good sa quality .
791	Sandal	POS	5	i have several pair of shoe that do not need sock like loafer , croc , etc but all of they give i blister just above my heel . even expensive one like bally loafer give i blister . this sanuk however be exceptionally comfortable in every way . i love these shoe ... err i mean `` footwear '' -lrb- these be not shoe , remember ? -rrb- ; p
322	Sandal	POS	5	i do not love they as much as the previous very similar style i buy back in 2004 that fall apart , but they be just as comfortable . other than the texture change , there seem to have be a slight change to the insole as the rubber suction onto the bottom of my foot when the other one never do that - same size , same comfort , same feel otherwise . minor annoyance & i hope the adhesion stay better on this pair . i wish i have realize sooner that i could have have birkenstock repair the other one - lesson learn . though i will always buy these again for they comfort , great traction , & wet versatile .
405	Sandal	POS	4	these sandal provide awesome support . unfortunately , i have issue with my sandal get that `` sweaty smell . '' although these have a rubber bottom and be easy to clean , they still retain a smell . great product .
493	Sandal	POS	5	i enjoy the comfort . one sandal seem a bit crooked , but have review the website , this be a normal trait of these handcafted foot joy . the crooked sandal hurt my foot for a while , but i have never worn sandal since i have bad toe nail fungus . use lamisil , and now the fungus be go so i can enjoy these pricey flip flop and feel like a stud .
205	Sandal	POS	4	this be a lovely sandal but beware of the size . i have return a pair already . i be measure as a 39 for birkis -lrb- which i be tell run longer than birkenstock -rrb- . well , i find that this be not entirely true , especially if you order a soft footbed . although i be measure for 39 ... i wear 9 us ... i find it be too short to fit properly accord to the birkis suggestion on where heel and toe must go . so now i must reorder a size larger and hope that it be not a huge leap . unfortunately you can not order half size in this as that would probably be perfect . beware of the size .
975	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these shoe for a rafting trip in the grand canyon . i go from the river to hike rocky path , sandy path , down creek bed and back and not one blister , and they provide great support on the rock as well . i be go to buy another pair . love 'em !
417	Sandal	POS	5	wonderful flip flop . i buy they as a birthday gift for my boyfriend and he love they .
851	Sandal	POS	5	the first couple of week wear these may feel a bit uncomfortable or even painful , but you really just need sit through it . the special thing that bring i to buy these sandal be that over time they 'll break in and conform to you foot - it be like have memory foam for you foot ! after that you 'll realize why this be one of the most popular brand of sandal out there . they be extremely comfortable - comfortable enough to spend the entire day in . do not let the seemingly high price fool you , these reign over any cheap pair of sandal by a landslide .
12	Sandal	POS	4	a very comfortable shoe that seem to be well make . my only problem be , i have a high instep that cause problem with shoe that have the tongue attach all the way up , like this one . it be tight get it on , but very comfortable once on . it would be perfect if i have a normal instep .
311	Sandal	POS	5	my husband have a old pair of sandal that need to be replace and he find these at the clark 's store in black . he want brown so we look online and find these . he love they . very comfy and good support .
175	Sandal	POS	5	i have to use sandal in the shower and i purchase a pair 3 year ago . wonderful product . i use they at the beach , poolside , and in the shower . i just buy my sister a pair and also another one for i . i love they and highly recommend they to everyone . i just wish they come in additional color .
407	Sandal	POS	5	i order these but be unsure about the double layer sole . my older rainbow be those flat one . i really like they but now i be sell on this type sole . it make for a better support and that be what i really like . i be a rainbow fan and would still purchase the flat style if that be all they have . true to size and very pleased with the purchase .
58	Sandal	POS	5	i have take these sandal everywhere and love love love they . they be non-slip for kayake where you have to launch the boat from rocky shore . they be sturdy enough for hike in hilly muddy area and , well , they be sandal , so you can jump into the waterfall at the end of the hike and do not have to take you shoe or sock off : -rrb- they have also get the keene high arch , support , and wide foot bed , which be rare to find in a sandal , let alone a shoe .
651	Sandal	POS	5	great shoe , but if you be look at these you already know that . i buy a off color because they be the cheapest here on amazon , but they be the best color anyway . go figure . so shop around here , amazing the small difference in price . i have a wide foot and they fit i fine , seem to be true in size .
274	Sandal	POS	5	a great fitting , well-constructed , reasonably-priced sandal . i particularly like its enclosed toe feature which provide reassuring protection when engage in activity on uneven terrain .
742	Sandal	POS	5	rainbow may be expensive , but they be worth it . i have a son who wear sandal most of the year and a pair of rainbow will last all year long where the cheaper brand only last a few month as most .
625	Sandal	POS	5	these slipper be buy for my husband and he be very please with they . it be comfortably and actually look great on !!
217	Sandal	POS	5	i be not a fan of the usual rainbow sandal as they feel like plank of wood line with a leathery coating strap to you foot . but when i find these online , they look much more comfortable . luckily , i be right . the sole form with you foot and give you much need padding and support . great sandal !
206	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable , as expect . be sad to give up my previous 20 year old pair but fully expect this pair to provide the same great experience .
318	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair of keen newport shoe and they be my favorite shoe ! you will not find a more comfortable pair of walking shoe . i buy my first pair before a trip to washington d.c. on this trip i average 8 mile a day of walk and my foot be fine . this summer right before a trip to new york city i order my second pair . this shoe be for a average width foot , do not order this shoe if you have a wide foot .
419	Sandal	POS	5	i love them ! these be my house shoe and i be now pain free after a long battle with plantar fasciitis and my arch flattening . they be on my foot every day , all day when i be home and i would be miserable without they .
629	Sandal	POS	5	these shoe be great !! my wife and i recently visit hawaii . i really do not know what i would have do without these shoe . all the beach on oahu have lava rock that be rugged and sharp . with these shoe , i be able to walk , hike and swim comfortably while we be there .
61	Sandal	POS	4	i do not have a terrible lot of experience with hiking shoe , so i can only give my impression . i purchase this product mainly because walk my dog in my running shoe be kill my ankle -lrb- they be great for jogging but have almost no support in the heel -rrb- and i need something with more cushion all around for endurance . the newport h2 's have fill that position excellently . they have fantastic support , and ollie and i can walk for hour without any pain . my leg will start to hurt before my foot do . my only qualm , and this might well be intentional on the maker 's part , be that the pad inside it on which you foot sit will start to stick to you sole as they sweat . although this serve to keep the shoe in place and prevent shift somewhat , the feeling be a little odd and take some get use to . otherwise , i have no complaint . i have be able to give my dog the exercise he need , and anyone who own a jack russell terrier will know that have be absolutely crucial to both we sanity . great job , keen . i like you shoe .
711	Sandal	POS	4	a firmer sole and rugged upper highlight this sandal . the waterproofing be nice and the shoe can take all kind of abuse . not as comfortable as the h2 laguna series for a long walk or leisurely activity , best suit for harder terrain or festival -lrb- think bonnaroo -rrb- type use .
181	Sandal	POS	4	i have just come from a appointment regard back pain and be painfully wear my work pump when i have a call from the courier to say my birks have arrive . i pick they up and wear they right away-thank god !!!! comfortable !!!!!!!!!! i wear they in the office lol use the excuse that i have back problem - which be true . i be grumpy all day until i put these sandal on . as for the size , they be wide shoe and i have a reg to wide foot . i may go to the shoe store to get some hole put in so i can fasten they tighter . be a size 11.5 and order a size 43 - just right .
849	Sandal	POS	5	these keen newport sandal be my second pair , they be amazingly comfortable right out of the box . there be only minor wear to the first pair after 4 year of hard use and travel . a bargain at most any price .
574	Sandal	POS	5	my husband who be a size 12 , need new flip flop . i have always worn rainbows and love they . he be hesitant about buy in the past . great price so i buy they . he do complain for the first 2 day that they be too small . i keep on he to wear they around the house . now , he be sell . he can not believe how comfortable they be . he even wear they hike to waterfall in maui and could not believe how well they help up , no slip and stay on well .
547	Sandal	POS	4	i just return from raft in costa rica and the h2 work really well . they seem to fit big as i generally wear a size 13 nike or new balance -lrb- sometimes wide width -rrb- and my foot fit a little loosely into the size 12 . the sandal give great traction and provide solid protection around the toe . as any sport sandal , they do not give much stability for hike , but this sandal be probably one of the best for rafting , walk , sailing , etc. .
484	Sandal	POS	5	buy they for my husband . he be sell on those sandal and he get a new pair every few year . i be not sure about size initially -lrb- he be us 12 -rrb- as it wear off he old sandal completely , but 44m fit he perfectly . great product . order online from amazon be very convenient .
591	Sandal	POS	4	at first i think spend this much money for a pair of sandle be normally not i . i would rather go to walmart and get a pair of $ 25 special to last i a few month but the pickings be limit here on guam -lrb- and no walmart . a kmart but no walmart -rrb- i think i give `` online '' shop a try . i find these keen on amazon and base my choice due to the color to be honest ... man 's blue yellow fade represent the navy colors . so i take a gamble and spend so-so money for these shoe and since they arrive i have wear they everyday . they that comfortable . the next time i need sandle i be go keen again . sorry walmart .
4	Sandal	POS	5	these be by far the best quality sandal - period . why ? 1 . premium material and construction . these be make to last forever 2 . ergonomic . they mold to you foot to give you custom , correct support for you foot . so comfy 3 . terrific look 4 . guarantee against breakage 5 . make in usa , not some cheap , inferior import manufacturer seriously , i be very discerning of quality and only buy the best . you will be very pleased with rainbow sandal .
284	Sandal	POS	5	i have 4-5 pair of birks because of my foot . my doctor say he could send i to a speciatist or i could buy a pair of birk i opt for the birks ! they be comfortable ! i like to get the birks with the better footbed and this be one of those pair . enjoy and happy foot !
924	Sandal	POS	5	so very comfortable that i do not need to try they on and just order they ! that say alot because i have a narrow foot with a high arch and can really only wear run shoe . its a pain find any footwear . i get all the support i need over the warm month . i usually go through a pair a season i wear they so much . that be say , these be perfect !
464	Sandal	POS	5	have already buy and wear a pair of keen on a rafting trip , i convince my husband , who have difficulty finding shoe that fit comfortably , that he would need the keen newports for we upcoming adventure trip to the galapagos islands . he be pessimistic , but when they arrive , he try they on , walk around the house a bit , and decide they seem to feel okay . after nine day of hiking , and navigate very rough lava rock terrain , not to mention , mud , saltwater , etc. he be extremely pleased with they performance , ease of clean up , and most of all comfort !!! for once , he easily agree the wife be right !! i also be very happy with how quickly the keens be deliver after order on amazon , as we be down to the wire on preparation for this amazing trip ! my daughter also buy a pair for the trip and love they as well !
690	Sandal	POS	5	i buy a pair of these shoe for my husband , my toddler and myself for a vacation to hawaii since we need something that we could wear most everyday that could go from shopping , to hike , to wade the ocean . this shoe be perfect !!!!! on we previous trip we buy a cheaper shoe from another online seller and my shoe literally break the 2nd day into the trip and my husband 's do not last much longer so we be extremely happy that we keen hold up the entire trip . it have now be month since we get back and my toddler and i wear we keen almost daily . my toddler even think she be suppose to use the toe of she shoe to stop she on she bicycle and they still look great . i figure if a 3 year old can not tear up this shoe then it must be indestructable . i have since buy my 2nd pair and i be go out to find pair for my other kid for the summer . also , if you have bad knee then these shoe be great as they really take the impact for you so that you knee will not hurt . i wear these to climb a mountain and i have no knee pain at all which be amazing .
572	Sandal	POS	5	love the look of the single strap madrid , a little more femminine than the double strap . right out of the box these be the perfect fit ... be a little concerned about break in period etc. . . but as soon as i put they on they be amazing - wear they around the house in the evening , in the morning put they on after my shower and go for a 2 hour walk absolutely no sore spot at all ; do not want to take they off . would highly recommend birkenstock sandal to anyone , feel like you be walk barefeet . will definetly invest in a few more pair in different color . size be good , normally wear a 9 - 9 1\/2 end up with the 41n and they be perfect . can definetly notice the difference from the copy cat brand sell in walmart etc. ... no comparison get the real thing you will not regret it : -rrb-
831	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these shoe for my dad for he birthday . he request this shoe as he be wear out the one on he foot . he 100 % love these shoe , they be easy for he to put on and take off by himself . i will be buy another pair when he need they .
392	Sandal	POS	4	while the footbed be well shaped and give good support to the arch , i be disappoint that there be not more `` give '' in the sole . it remind i of the wooden dr. scholl sandal i use to wear in college . now , all these year later , i have a achy knee ligament , and these sandal do not do much to absorb the shock of a footfall , especially on concrete or asphalt . my foot love they , but my knee do not .
261	Sandal	POS	5	i have be use this product for 25 + year . with a good brush , this soap keep the beard softer that any other i have try . truly the most comfortable shave available .
339	Sandal	POS	5	great sandal . i get to replace some aqua sock i have have for year that fall apart while at a water park . these be super comfortable and can easily be work with the heel strap on or off . look kinda clunky , but that be the idea . love the toe protection , which have save i many time . i would definitely get again .
601	Sandal	POS	4	i buy they because of they look hope they would be comfortable and be not let down , would not compare they to reef or teva as comfort go but the style be very cool , seafoam green with the dark leather strap nice look .
839	Sandal	POS	5	i wear a woman size 8 but find the 39 regular to be a bit long and too wide . i return it and buy the 38 narrow which be perfect . it really be not that narrow ... more like a medium width and the strap be adjustable anyway . the color be perfect with brown , blues , black and they be very comfortable after the usual adustment period .
315	Sandal	POS	5	i buy my first pair of rainbow sandal after read a ton of review online and have talk to people that own they . start out , i could not imagine pay $ 40 for a pair of flip flop . but boy be i glad i do . these be by far the most comfortable sandal i have ever own . once they break in , they be like heaven . the only problem i have with they be that i get they a size too large . once they break in , they loosen up and i have a little trouble keep they on my foot , and at some time the surface can be a little slick and my foot slide , but other than that , i can honestly say these be the best sandal i own . i go on a binge and buy 3 expensive pair of sandal around the same time . i get a pair of these obviously , along with a pair of reef fanning 's , and a pair of quiksilver . while i enjoy all three , most of all the rainbow and reef , i have to say these be my favorite . they go with more or less anything you wear , and feel like they 'll last i a lifetime .
297	Sandal	POS	5	this the one of the few fragrance that i truly love and it layer well with my favorite perfume . from what i have be tell the reason why body & bath do not have this fragrance in stock at time be because sandalwood have become so rare and it be hard for they to get the fragrance at a reasonable price .
279	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love these shoe and the fact that they be water proof let he fish in the warm weather without boot .
14	Sandal	POS	5	this sandal be very confortable at a great price . the color be kind of yellowish , i would have prefer a darker brwon . definitelly recommend it .
153	Sandal	POS	4	i find the exact sandal my grandson wish for he birthday . i order the size and color -lrb- sierra brown -rrb- and await the delivery . when i receive the package , to my dismay they have send the wrong color -lrb- sand -rrb- ! so much for quality control . not have time to return and reship , i give they to he even though the color be not what i order . so , just beware you may not get what you order !
765	Sandal	POS	5	the gift recipient be very happy to receive they for christmas and he say they be comfortable and nice look on the foot
884	Sandal	POS	5	i agree with nightowl ! as i say in my lotion review ... this be the only scent i have ever buy from they . . and the only one i 'll ever plan on buying . i be send in a email that they do plan on re-release it again , but there be be trouble with the people that make it for they or something along those line ... hopefully they get that iron out soon . i be tired of pay 50 $ on ebay for a bottle !
7	Sandal	POS	4	all of these positive review lead i to believe that many of they be fake . that be say i like these sandal . they have have cover for you toe so you do not jam you they on anything , they have bumpy bottom for better grip , and they feel comfortable to walk in . the one thing that i do not like about these sandal be there be only one strap ! even when i tighten the strap all the way they feel loose if i do not wear a double pair of sock with they . i think i buy a size too big but the lack of extra strap for a tighter fit be a bad idea . i be return these but i may buy a smaller size in the future .
344	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal be wonderfully compfterble . they look great and to top it all this be a quality shoe . the soft footbed feel great and be defenetlly worth the extra cost . you should know that they run quite large and wide . one of my best purchese ! i reccomend highly .
866	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love these shoe . every one tell he how nice they look on he .
309	Sandal	POS	5	friends recommend these after i complain about not find shoe that work well and last . i about have a heart attack at pay $ 90 for sandal . they be worth every penny and i have order my second pair . i live on a cruise sailboat in the sea of cortez , mexico . my husband and i love to hike and try to hike for two to three hour a day when we be in a anchorage -- start in the water as we wade ashore , across the beach and up to the peak of the nearest hill . desert hike , over sand , dirt and rock of various size . in town , we go all over on dirt and paved road and sidewalk . temperature be typically in the mid-90 's . prior to get a pair of keens , i have never have a sandal or shoe -- even sneaker or hike boot -- last more than three month ; i have even have they fail on the second day of wear they -- and these have be name-brand , expensive shoe market for this sort of activity . the biggest problem have be that the layer of the sole have separate , although there have be other problem as well . in contrast , my keen newport h2 's be still wearable after 8 month and about 1,000 mile on they . that be not a typo -- about one thousand mile -lrb- i log we hike and estimate the town mile -rrb- . they be start to show wear in the tread , some stitching be pull out and the webbing be just begin to stretch in the heel . note that while we have be over some rough terrain , i have not take they backpacking or true rock climbing . i would guesstimate that half my use have be desert hiking , a quarter on beach and dirt road and the rest on pavement and concrete . several thing that i like : -- they can go from wade in the water to scramble over rock with no problem . they dry quickly and do not cause blister when wet . -- heat have not cause they to fall apart as have happen with every other brand i have have -lrb- layer of the sole come apart , etc. -rrb- . -- where the stitch pull out could easily be re-sewn with just a needle and dental floss -- very field repairable ! -- the toe guard be wonderful . -- the footb and strap work to give you solid footing and support . -- the webbing do not stretch and cause the fit to become sloppy . -- they hold up well to all sort of abuse . -- no smell !! but beware : -- they do catch sand and pebble and you can not easily shake it out without take the sandal off . however , they be pretty quick on and off . any sandal have this problem to some extent . -- do not wear they in deep , hot sand -- it will enter the sandal and burn you foot . -- maybe it be just my foot , but they rub a little notch in the big toe nail of each foot . it be not painful , but a little strange . -- i have to play around with how tight to cinch up the shock cord for the best fit . take a little time to get they adjust to you foot . bottom line : these be great shoe for a active lifestyle and can stand up to all sort of abuse . they last well and be worth they price .
794	Sandal	POS	5	great look and super comfortable - i be on my foot a good part of the day and these be definitely all day sandal . the ridge on the bottom of the sole provide extra cushion and support as you walk . my only regret be that this shoe be not available in other color like black or i would buy another pair in a second . worth the price .
312	Sandal	POS	5	i agree 100 % with " frustrated ... " and have no reason to shop this store any more . i too , buy this great product in bulk when possible and would have buy case of it , have i know it be go to be discontinue . my impression be that the store be substitute cheaper thing to sell for greater profit ; this anger i . if people would not buy the cheaper thing though , the store would not do it . i , for one , refuse to knowingly buy junk just because i can not get quality .
476	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair . these be quality shoe . highly recomemend . fit true to size -lrb- at least in the 8m -rrb- . best price be on amazon .
698	Sandal	POS	5	love the shoe and the price !! wow i can not believe the taupe one be only $ 29.99 . amazing amazon !
635	Sandal	POS	5	the product quality be as i remember from buy these sandal in the past . i be very happy with my purchase !
365	Sandal	POS	5	if i could have my foot re-done in any other material , they would be keen 's . whoever invent these be a genius . throw away you shoe . trade they all in for keen 's . i mean it .
276	Sandal	POS	5	hello ; i recvd my pair of keens just before leave for new zealand and have a day of wear they , love the feel and how tough they feel . i wear they on the brutal 22 hour flight and the odor core on they definately work . we go on a pretty easy trek on mt. pirongia for about a hour , when we get back i notice that the back of the heel be come apart , bummer . . so i be not a happy camper ! we just get back last week and i have just send they back to mt. gear and hope to get a exchange . i be just hope that it be a defect . i meet a lot of people in nz who have keen 's and have not have any problem , so i be count the day to get a replacement . overall great sandal ... but do ' t last very long less than 2 week .
263	Sandal	POS	5	the shoe be exactly as advertise . great in the stream while fishing on on the boat . quick dry as well . thumb up .
557	Sandal	POS	5	attain complete removal from rain related stress be now completely possible . walk to school zip up in a lightweight rain jacket and jeans be more enjoyable with no sock on . no one can tell my foot be naked and the toe grip to the edge of the busy road . important thing be you order a exact fit . the product recommendation ask customer wear a half of a size larger than what you wear . my circumstance be much different . when i order the recommend half a size larger version of this sandal i be very disappointed . the shipping cost for the return of those over size sandal be rather expensive . $ 16.00 in shipping cost return the over size sandal . if amazon support the retailer in they supply chain i might of have that expense cover ... yes the retailer 's location be a hidden cost . i do not live in florida . the retail store amazon grant the privilege of internet retail to , be located in florida . sandal weather be good for business i guess . the keen company , -lrb- the company who make the sandal -rrb- be actually located in britain . they be the one tell everybody to order a larger sandal . every time the internet go bust i recommend the use of positive reinforcement -lrb- teamwork -rrb- . it help to actually look at the site you do business with . they should be more emphasis place on maintain freedom through connection . learn to love my $ 16.00 a little more then a fictional race of giant europeans will do . i do like european sandal . call it what you will . the sandal be great . i hope you have a internet tomorrow with direction to follow that do not rob you customer . thank again john
382	Sandal	POS	5	the product be great and they arrive in time for the trip to africa . thank you
64	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these shoe for both my husband and myself for a 2-week trip through costa rica . they handle hike through jungle , stream , ocean , rock , and volcano equally well . the toe protection be great to prevent stubbed toe , and in my case make i feel a little bit better about not scoop up a scorpion . best of all , my foot feel great and i have no blister , even after day of 5 mile hike . they be not the prettiest shoe ever , but as far as functionality and comfort go , i will stick with keen from now on !
817	Sandal	POS	5	i break these in for a week after buy they , then hike 26 mile with they in and out of the river over a weekend . they hold up great , have great traction even in the water , and do not produce a single hot spot , blister , or anything else on my foot . hose they off when i be do and they still look great for wear around town if i want to . rock do get stick between the sole and you foot when hike river bottom , but the same be true for everyone else with i as well , whether they have on tennis shoe , water shoe , or sandal . i buy a 1\/2 size bigger than i normally wear and they fit perfect .
703	Sandal	POS	5	i have be buy birki 's for year as i need shoe with some arch support , and these be a really nice version of the classic one -lrb- which i find a bit boring look , no offense -rrb- . would definitely recommend , just allow a couple of day for the strap to break in and get more comfortable .
818	Sandal	POS	5	i have own similar birkenstocks before , and i order this only because i need new one . my old birkenstocks last i a good three year , and i would still wear they , but unfortunately , i lose one of the shoe . for i , i have no trouble break into these ultra comfortable shoe . i do advise , however , that although these shoe be comfortable , they be not good for extremely long walk because the arc can tire you foot out faster than usual . i love how i can wear just about anything with these sandal , and i also love how it be not shape like some cheap flip-flop . they do not look waterproof , but they handle water just fine , and they can last way longer than rainbows if you take care of they . overall , i strongly recommend try these shoe !
896	Sandal	POS	4	this `` water sandal '' be a decent purchase . this sandal be a bit more flimsy than expect but be quality in all other area and will serve its intended purpose quite nicely .
444	Sandal	POS	4	i buy a pair of keens for my trip to glacier nat'l park . they be perfect for raft because they have the toe-bumper in the front , so it be painless to wedge you foot in the raft . i also hike for a few hour per day in the shoe , which be also enjoyable , but after a while my arch hurt . they do not have high arch support at all , so i could not wear they for too long . my foot get sweaty in the shoe , but they never feel too hot , and with a quick dip in some water , they be clean again -lrb- they also dry in a matter of hour -rrb- ! they seem to run a bit small , so be sure to try on a few different size . the width be great , and the color be fun . sometimes sand or pebble might get into the shoe and it can take a minute to remove -lrb- you will probably have to take the shoe off -rrb- , but it be really not a big deal . overall , i would recommend keens for they durability and versatility .
54	Sandal	POS	5	i love they . they be very nice and comfortable . ideal for my summer holiday . it be a pity they can ` t be find in we country
23	Sandal	POS	4	the clarks men 's hudson sandal be almost perfect . the insole be well padded and supportive as well as correctly shape to my foot . i have worn these sandal on many long walk include hike in the wood . my only problem concern the strap which extend over the top of the wearer 's foot . this strap do not secure completely when it be pull tight because it do not have enough velcro type material to make complete contact . i have a shoe repair shop correct this problem by sew additional velcro on that strap . i expect a wearer with a very high instep would not require this repair . with this minor inexpensive repair , these really be perfect sandal .
34	Sandal	POS	5	these be super comfortable birk . perfect for dress occasion or go to the beach . comfortable feel on top with solid corks\/leather-like material on sole .
218	Sandal	POS	4	great support . great athletic look . great fit . my husband have a average width foot . my husband take these shoe on a cruise and wear they the whole day , from breakfast through dinner .
751	Sandal	POS	5	newport h2 full sandal - ladies these be a extremely comfortable , all purpose sandal if you only want to bring along one pair of shoe to hike , slog in mud , run , dive into the surf , climb rock , traverse a stream , or just walk around the mall and to be able to just wash they out at night and start anew in the morning .
433	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase these for my 13 year old . they be instantly comfortable , and he wear they everywhere .
927	Sandal	POS	5	we family exclusively wear rainbows . they last forever and be very comfortable . if you have never worn rainbows before , they be pretty uncomfortable for the first week , but if you wear they a lot and get they wet , they will break in quickly and then become mold to you foot . great for summer .
411	Sandal	POS	5	i have three pair of this sandal . my first pair -lrb- now my bicycling shoe -rrb- be purchase just prior to a rafting trip in the grand canyon . work well for the hiking in the canyon , walk in the river , and rafting in the colorado . work great for everyday wear in florida . the only shoe i wear now though my wife make i keep a pair of allen edmunds for funerals\/weddings . -lrb- i will be bury in my keen . -rrb- they be comfortable , great look -lrb- only sandal i ever own that people have ask where i get they -rrb- . great arch support .
29	Sandal	POS	5	the fit feel great , make sure to try on some at a store before you order online . if you do that then you will be pleasantly surpised with a good set of keen shoe .
331	Sandal	POS	5	true to size and wear in fast . these be the best sandal ever , buy they for you baby , you hobo , you grandma , and you dog . i love mine and wear they everyday . good arch support , good durability , all around worth the extra money . ca not go wrong here , these be goodgoodgoodgood sandal .
867	Sandal	POS	5	i have use this sandal for hike , walk dry or in the rain , run , and bicycling , it handle everything ! never get a blister , and they feel so comfortable , even better than my nike airs , its amazing . i wear these the whole day my foot never experience any irritation , they be just great ! keen # 1 !
734	Sandal	POS	5	i be always happy with a company when it get to i on time , i hate sit around wait for something to come in the mail . definitely be a plus and the sandal themselves be fine , just what i expect .
422	Sandal	POS	5	my son love these sandal just need to break they in then they fit like a glove
793	Sandal	POS	5	love keens ! and this sandal be no exception . purchase these for my husband and the fit and style be great . they be comfortable and rugged . i order the india ink\/rust color combo because they be the cheapest , but be so pleasantly surprise . they look much better in person than on the website !!! if i be look at they in a store and have choice for the same price , i still would pick this color combo . if you have not worn keen before , they be a must ...
226	Sandal	POS	4	i originally purchase this sandal with the intent of do some light hiking and river-rafting . the sandal hold up remarkably well ! the only reason i have not give this five star be because when wear this sandal barefoot , the inside of the arch-support have a little nodule that rub uncomfortably against my foot . however - i have extremely flat foot , so maybe it be i and not the sandal . i would still recommend this footwear , as it be tough enough to hike in , and comfortable enough to get wet in . pro : - tough , rugged , versatile - stylish - great value -lrb- i pay $ 64 , retail for $ 80 -rrb- - size for all -lrb- i wear a 15 -rrb- - closed toe -lrb- no more stubby-stabby ! -rrb- - good tread for hike - easy elastic and clamp tie con : - rough spot on the inside arch - size run about 1\/2 large
848	Sandal	POS	5	we have make several purchase from amazon.com , and have never be disappoint . each order have be receive in excellent condition and more timely than be indicate . we be relatively new to on-line shopping and we experience have be exceptional . we now prefer on-line rather than physical visit to retailer . it be usually less expensive and service be fantastic .
775	Sandal	POS	4	the `` massage '' be actually hundred of tiny plastic peg digging into you foot . it actually hurt . but for some reason i love it ...
454	Sandal	POS	5	these be incredible . for my whole life i , and my father have be completely against anything open toe . this shoe however have a fantastic group , mold to you foot and be perfect for those wet spot in the hike . personally , i work at a camp for handicap kid and adult and have to be carry kid and adult in and out and all the other water shoe fail and have em slip , this one however , work like a charm . thanks , keen .
272	Sandal	POS	4	i receive these for part of a costume . the geta be very good quality , but note that they be not the traditional style : these have more the profile of a pair of high-heel than the more traditional double-t shape such as worn by character like urahara kisuke in bleach . more likely , these could be worn in a costume in place of flat , black sandal . the strap feel a bit tight around the toe and strangely weak , though they feel like they will last through a weekend-long convention with no problem . that say , i receive these before they be re-list with the `` colorful strap , '' so you will not get the same sort of strap . the wood be surprisingly light but durable . i have accidentally clank the two together with no damage to either . these do have light sole , as well , so you geta will not be make direct contact with the floor . the pair i receive be almost precisely a men ' size 7 shoe . thankfully , my foot happen to be just smaller than that . they may take a little get use to , as i still can not wear they for more than a few hour at a time . these be definitely worth a shot if you have a way of make it work into either you wardrobe or you costume .
173	Sandal	POS	5	two word : get it ! since i live in a tropical climate , sandal be a mainstay . i get my first pair a few year ago and they be my favorite . after see the brindle\/orion color go on sale , i buy a second pair . they be comfortable , particularly as a walk shoe . i have wear it on long hike as well as to to the beach . for walk , they have a nice arch support which be why they be good for long hikes\/walks . they be easily put on as well as take off . these will not be my last pair , for sure .
652	Sandal	POS	4	i read the review for these sandal and they seem great . they be make of solid quality material , however if you have wide foot like i , these sandal be bind to give you blister . beware and remember to break they in before you begin to use they on a daily basis . once they be break into , they feel really comfortable and snug for you foot . i only give these four star because of my blister .
400	Sandal	POS	5	right out of the box these thing be very comfortable . wear they around the house , in the yard , take the doggie for a walk , and the mrs out for rita 's ... and it be like i have be wear they for year . no issue with toe rub on the front end of the shoe . great shoe . very happy so far .
440	Sandal	POS	5	buy footwear online can be tricky . i want this specific sandal but they be hard to find in winter even in san diego . i try other reef model on for size and order base on that -lrb- i be a 11-12 eee depend on the brand -rrb- . the look , fit and feel be just what i be look for-great sandal !
249	Sandal	POS	5	i love these sandal . they mold to you foot , so the first time be not the best , but after wear they a couple time , you foot actually imprint into the sandal and it make they super comfortable . definitely recommend
523	Sandal	POS	5	these be super comfy and look great too . the silver be a nice touch .
578	Sandal	POS	4	i have order this pair of birkenstock az soft footbed base on price . i never receive the order in the set time , so when i call amazon customer service , adam , be very helpful and re-ordered my sandal , ship they overnite . the only issue be that they be a different model and fit differently . i be very happy with the service i receive from amazon , but next time i should have check to make sure it be the exact model i already have . i do not want the hassle of return they as i order will order the same model as the first time .
352	Sandal	POS	5	as state , these sandal do take time to break they in -lrb- about a week or so for i -rrb- and be uncomfortable till then . after these sandal be amazing ! be hesitant to buy they but these be def worth it .
494	Sandal	POS	5	i buy a pair of these sandal 3 summer ago and i must say they be best sandal i have ever own . they be very durable and the only reason i be buy a new pair be because my dog turn my other into a chew toy . for those of you who have sweaty foot , they be perfect . there be no cloth to absorb the moisture and make they stink like other sandal with the cushy insole . i would recommend buy one size larger than you regular sneaker size . they do tend to run a little on the small side .
630	Sandal	POS	5	these be excellent sandal . i have not have they long , so can not comment on durability , but they be comfortable , supportive and good for moderate walk -lrb- i.e. 2 hour on dirt trail with some ascent\/descent -rrb- . think of they as a light hike shoe which can also get wet and allow you foot to breath . best sandal i have ever buy .
304	Sandal	POS	5	i order these just before go on vacation , very comfortable out of the box , will get even better overtime . be suppose to be 2 day delivery , get they in 1 .
914	Sandal	POS	5	great shoe . i be have a lot of trouble with my foot and the birkenstock really help . i wear them all the time . this be my 3rd pair .
733	Sandal	POS	5	i have worn these sandal extensively and they be very comfortable and appear to be very well construct . the first thing i notice after purchase they be the weight , they be a bit heavier than you average sandal but still very easy to wear . keep in mind the sandal be white and dirt will show up easily if you be not careful . overall a great product .
451	Sandal	POS	5	these be the third pair of keen sandal i have have and the second one of the newport h2 . they be comfortable the first time you put they on with no break-in require and the fit be true to size . the toe box be roomy without foot slide . i have never worn sock with they so i can not report on how that work . the major pro be the toe protection . i use they for walk , boat , motorcycle ride , outdoor work , and every other activity include casual dining . they do not seem to leave mark on my boat and they wear better then most other sandal i have try . i highly recommend they for active warm weather wear .
859	Sandal	POS	5	sturdy . close-toed . good in water . comfortable . available in a wide size . only negative : 12 be a little loose , 11.5 be a bit tight .
264	Sandal	POS	5	keen man 's newport h2 sandal  this be my second pair but these be closed toe which make it much better when you walk on anything but a hard surface . they last for a long time . i like these better than the last pair which be open toe would and have leather insole which have a bad smell . these have synthetic insole which be much better . they have great color too . i 'll be get another pair soon
802	Sandal	POS	5	at first they be to small ... i have a size 13 foot and do not know what size to get , the xl or xxl . decide on the xl , at first they seem to small and i think i make the wrong choice . after a while -lrb- a month of wear -rrb- they stretch to fit perfect . i be so happy with they , in fact i have now wear they two strait week and yes that even include work .
485	Sandal	POS	4	beautiful sandal \/ flip-flop . very slim , run a bit small , but luckily , i do not mind the snug fit . excellent arch support : easily the most impressive i have ever experience , and seriously , believe i , i wear sandal all year round , every year since the mid '90 ... i know my sandal , these be really , really comfortable . if you have `` fat '' foot , they might not be so comfortable .
345	Sandal	POS	5	sandal be great . the picture be mislead . these be green as green can be . the picture make they out to be a soft gray green . not the case . i will never wear these . exchange for dark brown .
229	Sandal	POS	4	i have hold out on buy keen for a while 'cause i refuse to pay retail for anything and it be rare to find a good deal on these . the wait be worth it . pick they up for 40 % off and very happy with the puchase . the first keen i have have and love they . there comfortable and feel very well build . i have two friend who both have wear the same pair of keens for the past 5 year and they both feel they 'll probably get another year or so out of they . only reason i do not give they 5 star be because they be a bit of work to get they on . i have to use both the front and back loop , so both hand , to get they on .
130	Sandal	POS	4	they take a bit of time to wear in , which be the only reason i do not give they a 5 . but they be quite comfortable , mold to you foot , and give more support than flip-flop . also , i live in new york city , and my foot get really dirty when i wear flip-flop , but because these come up a bit around you foot , that do not happen .
193	Sandal	POS	4	i be worry about the way the sandal look in the picture since they round up , but ddint effect walk or anything . very comfortable my boyfriend say . he like they a lot !
39	Sandal	POS	4	the nub hurt alot !! you need to wear they with sock and they 'll look cool and will be comfortable but otherwise , barefooted , this really hurt you foot . the nub thingy be not fall off and i wear they everywhere except work -lrb- i wish i could though -rrb- and it be great . but it be just that . . they hurt . a little . you need to get use to it .
91	Sandal	POS	5	love my keen sandal . the construction , the fit , you can not find a better pair of sandal that have multipurpose , hike biking etc. .
360	Sandal	POS	5	i be in my late 50 's and have not worn sandal since i be a kid . however , my son-in-law have a pair of these and recently let i try they on while visit . i be instantly hooked and order mine right away in time for a florida beach vacation . they be send from the vendor in less time than promise and i have be wear they constantly since then . they be comfortable and well-made as sperry boat shoe . -lrb- i have be through several pair of those over the last 35 year and love they . -rrb- they do not slip off you foot while walk and do not irritate between the toe . i recommend these even if you do not usually wear sandal , but be look for some casual attire for the hot weather .
87	Sandal	POS	5	they be really comfortable . my only disappointment be that the color in the picture do not match the color of the actual flip flop .
718	Sandal	POS	5	i like the birkiflor material -- much more than i expect ! i have worn birkenstock for year -- nothing make you foot feel better !
813	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal have be a must for my wardrobe since i buy my first pair about 5 year ago . they be comfortable and versatile , stylish and appropriate with jeans or a suit . i have receive many compliment about they , and have they in black and brown . i be glad they be available on amazon .
107	Sandal	POS	5	these be great sandal . they be make of leather include the sole , which i have to have otherwise my foot sweat .
157	Sandal	POS	5	these be perhaps the best shoe i have ever buy . accordingly , they be the best sandal i have ever buy . you might think they look funny , and they do , but once you slip you foot into they it will not matter . awesome .
623	Sandal	POS	5	great versatile footwear . casual for the beach or boat ... can be worn as a more dress shoe with sock if desire . machine washable , odor resistant
559	Sandal	POS	5	the rainbow sandal come on time and be just as expect from this company ! they fit snugly and will take foot shape as advertise . i would not recommend get they right before a trip , as they need time to be break in or blister will ensue . love my rainbow , and would always recommend they to other !
509	Sandal	POS	5	i be very pleased with the keen shoe and with backcountry . the shoe fit well and be extremely comfortable . for i , they fit true to size . i normally wear a size 10.5-11 -lrb- usually 11 -rrb- and order a size 11 and the fit be perfect . i would recommend both the shoe and backcountry and will order from they again after i wear these out .
487	Sandal	POS	4	this be a very good arch support sandal , but since i originally review it my physical therapist refer i to a much better brand : sole -lrb- eg. ,  sole men 's sport flip flop  sole 's be also cheaper , it be far easier to order insole from if you need arch support in you shoe , and they be a much more sophisticated product all around -lrb- they utilize a self-molding material that you can either allow to conform to you foot over time , or you can pre-mold it in advance with a simple heating method -rrb- . the moszkito 's be good and i still wear they , but in retrospect they be overprice , particularly compare to the sole 's .
776	Sandal	POS	5	this be my favorite style of birki 's - i have this shoe in other color . the new soft foot bed be the best ... can not say enough about the add comfort the soft foot bed make . now - i will only order soft food bed . i have about 19 pr of birki 's but these be my favorite . they go on my foot first thing in the morn and the last thing to take off . wear they year round - i just can not praise they enough . i have have foot problem for year and find these help with the discomfort better than any . i hope this style never go away .
669	Sandal	POS	5	buy a new boat so need new boat shoe . these topsider be so comfortable and well make !
471	Sandal	POS	5	i resist for a while -lrb- year -rrb- while my wife rave about she keen sandal . i like teva -lrb- terra fi 2 -rrb- and have own many pair over the past 10 year . love they for warm weather hiking , around the water , and general warm\/wet condition . but , i finally give these keen a try after wear out the sole of my tevas . the reviewer be right on . they feel like sneaker and i wear they all day with pleasure . these be a great buy . i be go to buy another pair of teva terra fi 2 also but i do love these keen . pro : - rugged build - great traction -lrb- i think the tevas be a little better but i hardly notice the difference - that be the key detail -rrb- - i buy the mostly nylon -lrb- not leather -rrb- version -lrb- brown\/bison -rrb- and they do dry quickly . my wife have the leather version and they be significantly slower to dry - overnight at least . - extremely comfortable to wear all day - i never have to adjust these - they stay on my foot in all condition with no worry - look good with everything - there be a nice sense of comfort with that toe protector on the front - wide toe bed - very nice con if i have to name some -lrb- certainly will not deter i from buy these again -rrb- : - in the sun , the toe bed\/cap do get hot on you toe if you hang out in direct sun for a while - i agree with the other review -lrb- not necessarily on amazon -rrb- that you 'll read regard the `` funk '' . yes , these do get funky\/smelly very quickly - much more quickly than my tevas ever do . but , hey , they be outdoor sandal . throw they into the wash machine or go swim with they every 3-4 day and you be set . the `` funk '' reputation worry i a little so i hold off buy these but i can live with it . it be not as bad as i expect . and , these be super comfortable ! add after own for six month : i think the teva terra fi 2 probably have a slight edge when it come to rafting\/boating because they dry in record time and you can really tighten they so they do not shift on you foot . so , i would give they a slightly higher score in term of functionality for the very active or career outdoors folk . also , i do get annoy at the gravel that get stick in the toe bed of these - i can not shake it loose so i have to take they off and turn they upside down . this be not a issue with the teva open toe design and i kind of miss those day . last pet peeve : despite what my wife say , -lrb- she have same kind of keen -rrb- the tread just be not as good as the teva 's . conclusion , i have to buy both for the forseeable future - they be both solid product and i will not give up either . latest and last update : the sole give out in less than a year - literally pieces\/chunks fall off . i be back to tevas and happier with the much more reliable tread . the tevas dry much much faster also . i think the keens be really for wear when you want to pretend you be do something active outdoors - they be fine for just walk .
111	Sandal	POS	5	shoe arrive as promise . these shoe be wonderfully comfortable . i order they for a trip to the carribean . ca not wait until the warm weather come back !
728	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase these for my husband . these be the only type of sandal he will wear . he be usually a 8.5 but we have to send those back and order a 9 . he love to wear they on vacation and at the beach . the only down side be they give he a very funny tan line . i highly recommend they if you husband do not like to wear flip flop but would like to try a sandal .
532	Sandal	POS	5	sandal arrive on time and be just as show ! i would highly recommend this seller !! great product and service !! thanks !
366	Sandal	POS	5	i buy this sandal in helsinki , finland in 2006 , after i break my big toe . it be the only shoe i could wear and not have pain . the sandal have now see better day , it leak , its sole have wear out and it be still the most comfortable thing i have put on my foot ... next to a foot massage .
626	Sandal	POS	5	i really enjoy these for walk around in the house or out door . the soft footbed be a nice addition to a great sandal .
314	Sandal	POS	5	they be every thing that i expect . they look good and be comfortable and i expect they to last a very long time .
704	Sandal	POS	4	the product be very good , but the shipping process be very poor . the person who do the shipping slip record the item value worth of $ 156.00 . this item be go to canada , and of course when the item hit custom , i get charge a very large custom duty because of the value this person record on the shipping slip . i have contact the company they do refund for a portion of the duty cost . but i have purchase many item from the states and as long as i keep the item 's value under $ 50.00 -lrb- which be the cost of this product -rrb- there be no duty charge on the item by custom canada . so the bottom line ... because of they error i still end up pay duty for a item that cost less than $ 50.00 . but on a positive note , they do give a refund a portion back , but not all . overall i will not purchase from they again .
473	Sandal	POS	5	as always - a solid product that should last a long time . my last pair last about four year - and i live in florida and wear they all the time .
446	Sandal	POS	5	i have just go through my second pair over 5 year . they be the most comfortable flip flop i have ever own . i be afraid they would be discontinue like all product and be glad to see they still make they . i have order 2 pair instead of 1 just in case . they be make well as i wear my shoe hard . highly recommend ... too bad i could not find another pair in blue .
448	Sandal	POS	4	i would rate these 5 star . but , because if they one downside ill leave it at 4 . these can be the most comfortable longest last flip flop you own . but there be a break in period . it usually last about 1 to 2 week . this usually scare most people and i feel that it be where most of the negative review come from . during this time expect the nylon webbing between you toe to be horribly uncomfortable and if you have larger\/wider foot the strap to be too tight around you foot . but with time they will stretch and the footbed will form to you foot like no other sandal . this pair be my second pair . the first pair that i have last i over 6 year before i lose they . and this most recent pair be just begin to be comfortable . soooo if you can put up with a week or 2 of pain , you can have some comfortable sandal to last year . but if not , there be many nice sandal -lrb- my other favorite be sanuk -rrb- that be comfortable right out of the box at a comparable price point . buttt , they just wont last as long . for some , they may not be worth the wait , and i understand . but all my friend who have try they and stick it out have love they and i really think you would too .
536	Sandal	POS	5	by far the most comfortable sandal i have ever own . i first see these on some ultralight backpacker i meet , they swear by they and i have to try they . now that summer be over , and it be late fall , i find myself still wear these even now that it be cooler because they feel good and i be use to they . they really be tough to give up . any reservation i have that they look funky go away when i wear they a couple of day and get hook on the feel and how they protect my toe . sizing issue : if they do not feel right when you put they on , you may have the wrong size . most people that buy keen find that they need to buy a half size larger than they do with other shoe , so try that . comfort : the sandal have a wide toebox so that you toe be not cramp together . the protective toe guard do the job , i never stub a toe or catch a toe on anything with these , plus i can hide my ugly toe . it also have a little rise on the rear heel that cup you heel , but also help protect you against those people that step on the back of you foot in line . it feel very secure once it be on and do not slip . there be no strap to fool with or velcro to adjust , it have a inner lining on all the strap that look like the neoprene on a scuba suit , it stretch to fit and be comfortable against my skin . it have a no-lace closure and you adjust it once , from then on it slip on easy . the footbed cradle my foot really well . it have a little ridge on the inner sole that run behind the toe and in between you big toe and other toe . the first time you feel it , it seem like a defect . but that ridge seem to shape to my foot , give i my own custom fit . i hate to gush about this , but the shape of this shoe allow my bad foot to stand longer and walk longer . i actually enjoy run in they , and for a sandal that be a definite first with i , as they usually slip and flop all over on my foot . you can even wear it into the water like a teva . if it get wet , for some reason you do not feel it due to the material that wick the water away . grip : it have a outer sole that be very grippy , it give good traction on sand , boulder , mud , you name it . it have not be slippery on wet surface , include a boat . the sole do not leave any mark on my floor , and do not hold dirt in the groove to track indoors . odor : it have a anti-microbial treatment so i do not get odor issue nearly as much as with crocs and other sandal . durability : it have hold up to daily wear and repeat wetting . when they get dirty , i throw they in the sink , under the hose , in the shower or even in the washer . i wear these almost daily for 4 month straight with no evidence of wear . this include standing in line all day on vacation at theme park and scramble at the beach . like other sandal , when they be new they leave mark on my sock from the dye but i almost never wear a sock with they anyway . summary : these come in a few color and in mens and womens style . i have try 2 pair of tennis shoe from this company , and the footbed be similar , although the one with a suede type finish -lrb- the targhee -rrb- look like crap in one month . it be still a great hiker , but i can not wear it anywhere else but the great outdoors . the other pair be for urban use , it be call the austin , and it be have a really nice finish . my other favorite sandal be rieker anti-stress jens 09176 , and the dunham moose fisherman -lrb- design by new balance -rrb- . i use to wear teva 's , and they make good sandal as well . update march 2010 : i do not know if they still make these to the same quality as the model i review here in 2005 , but it be now 2010 and my original pair of newport h2 sandal be still in use so i can not tell . the only issue be they look a little fade now in the strap and one of the stretchy tie string lay a little crooked . but they still feel great and my sole have hold up . i still feel they be a great deal for the price , about $ 100 back in 2005 .
916	Sandal	POS	5	the shoe have fully meet my expectation . i use they on the weekend to kick around the yard , etc as well as for camping . they be comfortable and besides they weight , you barely know they be on you foot . i be tell they run small , but i buy my exact size and they fit great .
185	Sandal	POS	5	i receive these shoe very quickly and be really pleased with this product ... only one word of warn when order any birkenstock make sure you order the correct width as most of the range come in a wide width and slim width . i have a very narrow foot and these arrive as a slim fit and fit perfectly . would purchase from this vendor again pain free and no hassle ... thank you
719	Sandal	POS	5	the soap be excellent and arrive in perfect condition and within the time promise . i will do business with this seller again .
881	Sandal	POS	5	well make and perfect fit ! finally find sandal in half size . i need shoe for water and beach comb over very sharp rock . the toe protection be great . cheaper and nicer than tivas !
179	Sandal	POS	5	a co-worker recommend these sandal and , i be glad i purchase they . they be among the most well-built , comfortable flip-flop i have ever worn -lrb- the toe throng will not come loose from the sandal -rrb- , worth every bit of the price . if you choose to decide to buy these sandal be aware that you must give they time to fit properly .
527	Sandal	POS	5	the best sandal that i have ever own . i buy my first pair of keen shoe about 3 year ago . and my first sandal a year ago . i have walk hundred of mile in many different environment . be a world traveler in many ` developing nation ' , i highly recommend a ` closed toe ' shoe . you never know what hazard you might come across . with my keen 's i always feel safe . and comfort ? they be the best ! i be in my fifty and ` always ' look for shoe that my foot , knee , hip and back be happy at the end of the day . if there be one dislike ... it would be the odor from sweat . a world of difference from my old teva 's , but still a bit of odor from the h2 . and honestly , my foot do not typically smell . something with the sole of the shoe and sweat . even so ... i will purchase another when the day come to toss my current pair . from the look of it , that be a couple year away .
570	Sandal	POS	5	i get they fast and be very happy with they ! i think i get more then what i pay for they -lrb- well make -rrb- . i 'll live in they this summer and many more . thank you !
238	Sandal	POS	5	ilove these shoe . i get they to wear after toe surgery and love they . my doctor have recommend they and i really be glad he do . i go to my local store to be sure of the size i need , but order from amazon because the price be so much better .
898	Sandal	POS	5	if you be look for the old fashion birks , this be it . make from leather and like wear a cloud . it be nice to find a company that have not lose they way . if you want the most comfortable shoe ever make , buy this one . highly recommend .
581	Sandal	POS	5	i can never get enough of rainbow sandals . i buy one for i and my boyfriend because it be about time to retire we old one .
320	Sandal	POS	5	my husband use to have a pair of birkenstock several year ago , and he always want to own another pair of birkenstock . so i do some research before order from amazon , one of my favorite online retailer . the shipping be fast with a nicely package . my husband be very happy with he gift . i be very pleased and happy with my purchase .
700	Sandal	POS	5	recently purchase these for my boyfriend to replace a pair he have have for 3 year !! i have purchase some for myself a few week prior . we both wear they everyday and they be really the best sandal i have ever own . comfortable , easy to take care of and build to last .
25	Sandal	POS	4	i have be a fan of birks for year , and love the support and comfort i have always have . this year i buy a pair of birks , and buy the same size and model i have always buy , milanos , size 45 . for some reason , the new birks seem to be up to a inch longer than my other pair . i find myself stumble and hit the toe of the sandal if i be not careful . what be up with that ?
709	Sandal	POS	5	i do not have this exact pair . i get mine from bass shoes -lrb- not bass pro -rrb- for $ 39 . so , i like this one because of its price but also because of the toe portion . some might shun sandal because stuff get in they while you walk . wood chip be not fun under you arch . however , the toe on these be covered which minimize this issue . nothing get in mine during the second half of a ten mile day hike i be on . the heel be not cover on these -lrb- mine be cover -rrb- , but still provide a shoe like feel . if it be warm enough , these be great . you can walk through water without be bother at all . even water proof boot can get wet inside if the water be deep enough .
577	Sandal	POS	5	the birkenstock arizona sandal be the first birkenstock i own , and it be still the most comfortable . i have be wear they for appr . 25 yearsnow .
38	Sandal	POS	4	like the look of these sandal . very comfortable and can be worn for casual or fairly dressy occasion . timberland make great shoe !
492	Sandal	POS	5	stone color birkenstock arizona birkibuc sandal - great value for a great shoe with a color that will go with anything .
777	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable sandal - the best i have ever own . hold up well
714	Sandal	POS	5	i rarely buy expensive shoe , and i have never buy shoe online before . i need a pair of sandal i could hike in . i hate sneaker . i hate sock . these shoe be highly review , so i think i would try they . the fit be great . the ball of the foot\/toe area be quite roomy , but not so loose as to cause chafing . the insole be supportive in just the right place , soft , springy , very nice to walk on . these shoe breath . i be worry that a closed toe would leave my foot hot , but somehow , it feel like there be a breeze blow through my foot . also , these shoe be perfectly true to size . i be a absolute 7.5 m. 8 's be too big , 7 's be too small . this 7.5 shoe fit i perfectly . my only regret -- they be really too casual to wear to the office .
237	Sandal	POS	5	it do not get any better than rainbow sandals . be there a break-in period ? sure , but there be on a new luxury car too . it be worth it . my break-in period on pair of rainbows be typically a couple day . then they be the most comfortable flip flop of all time . i usually go through they in 2 or 3 year . this be greatest product on the face of the earth .
15	Sandal	POS	5	shortly after buy shoe i put it the test . i ware they canoe in upper michigan and then kayake on the youghiogheny river . they hold up great and still look new .
361	Sandal	POS	5	i buy this shoe to use in a 12 hour adventure race consist of paddle , biking and orienteering . it work like a charm . from the water , to the mud , to the mile on the road on the mountain bike ; it take everything i could throw at it . would recommend to anyone look for a all around great outdoor shoe .
52	Sandal	POS	5	this be a gift purchase . always a great purchase with rainbow . usually buy brown or tan . go for black . happy with purchase .
835	Sandal	POS	5	keen be awesome sandal , i have `` colombia sport '' and `` margarita ville '' before and i feel keen be by far way superior and comfortable . on the weekend i wear they for a longer period of time like 6-8 hr at a stretch , but they be very comfortable and the fit be exceptional and they be water proof : -rrb-
511	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love the stacy adams tonga sandal ; he decide that he want a pair to put back for next summer , however , he could not find they at the department store that he usually get they . i go to my trusty site , amazon , and find the sandal for he ; he do not know that i have they as they will be a extra present for christmas . he be very hard to buy for and i know that i have at least one thing that will please he . i be really happy to find the tonga sandal at a reasonable price and they be deliver promptly . i be very pleased with the purchase and will be happy to see the surprised look on he face when he open this present at christmas . good shoe , good buy !!
745	Sandal	POS	5	i love this sandal they be everything i expect , they be comfortable and pretty , i trully recomend this product .
127	Sandal	POS	5	i use to wear teva sandal with the spider sole , which be the best for climb around wet granite creak in the southern sierra north of lake isabella . the sole of other sandal and boot do not grip as well , and slip there be dangerous . in the summer of 2009 i wear keen newport h2 sandal , and they be as good as the spider sole on the tevas . the keen be more protective because of the toe guard , and about the same for pick up and then release sand and pebble between my foot and the sandal upper . the keen last five or six month , i wear they all the time when i be not at work . on hike , walk in the neighborhood and on the beach , as a casual shoe in winter with a liner sock . good on wet concrete and pavement , too . the tread wear out and the ball of my foot make such a deep indentation in the upper that there be not enough cushion any more . the rest of the sandal be still in great shape , no thread problem for i . by the way , i always leave the `` tie '' in its most loose position , except in creek . i will replace they when the local rei restock in spring 2010 . till then , crocs in the city and at the beach . i buy a lot of stuff on amazon , but not shoe .
637	Sandal	POS	5	very satisfy with purchase . very quick shipping ! hopefully these will hold up just as well as all of my other rainbow sandal ! can not beat a great pair of flip flop !
258	Sandal	POS	5	i already have a pair but buy backup . i love they . these be so much better than the one with the thin leather strap too .
519	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these sandal for my husband . he love they . they be very comfortable for walk long distance , also great for wear in the water . i have 2 pair of keen sandal myself . one pair i have have for over 2 year and they still look great . one thing that be great to know be that if something happen to the lace -lrb- my dog chew on mine -rrb- keen will replace they for free . if you want good quality all purpose sandal that be go to last a long time these be worth the price .
876	Sandal	POS	5	i love these flip flop . they take a little while to break in but they be so nice . they have a good amount of arch support which be rare for flip flop , they also be very durable and be mean to last . i believe the company will even replace the top layer if it ever get damage -lrb- the rainbow company not the store that be sell these flip flop -rrb- , definitely worth the money .
463	Sandal	POS	4	4 star for this product . after read other review prior to my purchase , i have to agree this shoe meet my expectation to date . quality and comfort be key to hike through stream and rough terrain . although i have have only a short time , i will see how it hold up over the next year . it be well worth the extra $ $ and not have lesser quality shoe that be go to fall apart on the trail .
236	Sandal	POS	5	i have worn this thong sandal for year and when they finnally give upand throw they away . i find the new one on amazon for a great price .
326	Sandal	POS	5	i be discourage when i first try they on because they be very tight but once i wear they for a few day , they loosen up and become much more comfortable . i buy the white sandal , which look great for a couple day , but get dirty very quickly . i would buy these sandal again .
24	Sandal	POS	5	these birki 's be sooooo comfortable . after they arrive , i wear they immediately for the whole day . great support and no rubbing . a favorite , that i know i 'll wear a lot . i like the matt black .
330	Sandal	POS	4	great sandal \/ shoe , very comfortable and i wear they as much as possible , highly recommend you 'll love they .
390	Sandal	POS	4	a lot of people say it feel a half size too small but i think it feel true to both size and width . i receive these shoe and be please to find that there be not any break-in time . i have a job where i walk around for 8 hour straight ; i wear these the first day without any pain later that evening or the next day . there be a adjustable elastic cord that can be tighten , but i think the shoe be more comfortable if they be leave a little loose . i have they tighten one day and notice a pinch sensation after a couple hour of use . another reason to wear they loose be that it make it easier to put they back on if you foot be wet or sweaty they feel like they have very good traction but i be not walk through river with slippery rock so it be not the best test . because these be closed-toe sandal , it create a problem when small rock , sand , or other object get into the shoe . i find that i can not just wiggle my foot around to get rid of the nuisance , i need to take the shoe completely off and dump it out . another thing i notice about these shoe be that it dry out the back of my heel . i only have to apply lotion once to correct the dryness and i have not have a problem since , but it be something to be aware of . overall this be a great sandal and i do not have to worry about stick or other object stab my toe because of the closed-toe feature . i have own these for about a month now and they do not show any sign of wear so i expect they to hold up for a long time . i would not recommend they for walk around on the beach because sand and rock get trap underneath you foot and up in the toe area , but for walk through river and as a casual shoe these be great . one last problem that i just think of be that they be not comfortable for stand around with minimal movement for long period of time . it be possibly just my foot , but anyone interested in these should try they on and stand around for a while to see how they feel .
951	Sandal	POS	5	just as describe . i buy these to replace a pair the dog chew through the one strap . i could not wait to get these in the mail and break they in . i wear they all the time even when it be 45 degree out .
680	Sandal	POS	5	this be my 2nd pair of this particular shoe . i adore they . they be the most comfortable shoe i own . great quality .
878	Sandal	POS	5	the newport h2 's be the best sandal i have ever worn . i have have a pair of the bison for four year and they still look almost new . i have hike through muddy river , carry a pack and a canoe through a over grown portage in the bwca , and still wear they on a night out on the town when i get back . they be simply the most comfortable and versatile sandal out there . i have to admit when i first get they four year ago , i come from open towed sandal and think these be a little hot . but after a month break in period , they loosen to the point where they nice and airy when the bungee be loose , but snug and glue to my foot when pull tight . i basically have worn these everyday when not at work for four year and finely just order the black color to change up the look a little . once you go keen , it very hard to find another shoe that fit the same .
10	Sandal	POS	5	have to buy 5 pair of birks because of lower back pain ... have be wear nothing but my birk for the last 6 week my back be much better ... great shoe ... and the soft bed have no break in time ... . pricey ... but so worth the money ... i have be put up with back pain every summer due to constantly wear sandle with no support ... i be now a total birkenstock convert
391	Sandal	POS	5	i have buy a new pair of these sandle from amazon for the past three year . the price be great ; the color perfect ; and only the sole of the shoe wear . older pair be wear around the house or in the garden . i have even have some resole . three pair later you be set for all occassion !
231	Sandal	POS	5	i wear these almost everyday . i will be order the black one 's soon . very comfortable after that initial 2wk break in period with these sandal
691	Sandal	POS	4	i have some wooden shoe many year ago and like they so much that i see these and order they . they be a lot lighter in weight than i think they would be . however , they seem to be pretty sturdy . a thing that be good about they be that they do not '' flip back '' in the front when walk like lightweight plastic can do . i be not use to have something in between my toe so still get use to that !
879	Sandal	POS	5	my son and i both wear the keen newports - outstanding sandal - highly recommend ! the olive\/deep lichen be a excellent neutral color and the on sale price make it a great deal !
436	Sandal	POS	5	i have be absolutely delighted with these shoe in every way . i be go to get another pair to have in reserve when these wear out but amazon be out of stock right now & price be much higher elsewhere . timberland have go to the top of my list for preferred brand of footwear ! update 12\/19\/2012 i have have the first pair for about 3 month now and they be the most comfortable shoe i have have in my entire life . i just order a 2nd pair .
435	Sandal	POS	5	these be by far , my favorite sandal . they do take a bit to break in , but once you do , they fit like a glove .
338	Sandal	POS	4	very comfortable , look really good , a little bit pricey for a sandal . but will definitely recommend to those who want a nice , trendy look sandal ! i 'll most likely give it 5 star , but i be not sure yet if it be durable enough for my daily use . thanks sanuk !
450	Sandal	POS	5	these be my husband favorite sandal ever ! he wear they all summer long and i be currently buy he he fourth pair because he wear they so hard and like to have one pair at home , one at the lake , etc. .
325	Sandal	POS	5	if it be possible for a bar of soap to be beautiful , this one fit . color be deep and rich , as be the lather . scent be as describe . love the way it look and the way it feel .
409	Sandal	POS	4	reef 's to i the comfort of a shoe but casualness of a sandal . they marry very well . if you be on the fence try they . you 'll love it .
160	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these for my fiance because of all the positive review they receive and hope he would not find the breaking in phase to be too bad . he love they ! this be a man who buy real denim jeans and accept that the " breaking in phase " will take almost a year , so he be happy that the shoe be perfectly comfortable within two week . it be be about 6 month and he say they be only get better by the day . he like that they have mold to he foot . he tell i that he will never buy another brand of sandal . he be now a rainbow man .
513	Sandal	POS	5	i love these sandal and i wear they every day . even around the house , they be nice to wear . i would buy again in the future . 5 stars .
604	Sandal	POS	5	they be perfect . i absolutely love they . my only complaint be that they be not at all the color show in the picture . amazon show they look taupe , but mine have a almost green look . still , very very nice shoe . would recommend .
619	Sandal	POS	5	i already know i love the product as i have be wear they for over 20 year . the price be great and the shipping be fast , come from germany .
470	Sandal	POS	5	i really , really love these sandal . be in texas and work in advertising , i wear they almost every day . i be a bit reluctant to spend this much money on sandal , but my girlfriend show i she pair that she be have for about 6 year . my old flip-flop would break or wear out in a about 2 - 3 month . a quick word of warning : break they in slowly . i wear they on a epic , all-day shopping trip the first time and i get a sore on the top of my foot , where the strap be . it take a couple of week for the sandal to form to you foot . wear they too much in the beginning will just be painful . enjoy the best sandal that you 'll ever own .
224	Sandal	POS	5	my daughter be so excite when she open she birthday gift . she have one pair of birks already but she want a sandal . t
809	Sandal	POS	5	i be on my second pair of these shoe which i wear daily . they be light and comfortable yet have a decent pad in the sole .
986	Sandal	POS	5	extremely comfortable sandal for light duty hiking , kayake etc. . price be very good compare to big box and local outfitter store .
850	Sandal	POS	4	i wear my sperry daily during the summer and these have always treat i well . this be my 4th pair and they havent hold up like previous pair
632	Sandal	POS	5	i love birk ... this purchase be replace a pair of black suede arizona sandle that i wear and do not take care of this winter ! i do own over 30 pair of birks all different style and type ... however , this be the first pair of `` soft footbed '' birk i have purchase and wow ! what comfort ! they appear to be identical to my old pair but that little layer of foam in the footb make a wonderful difference . i have be wear they to walk on my treadmill every evening instead of my `` sneaker '' . if i have a choice of traditional footbed or soft footbed i will always pick the soft footbed when i puchase any pair of birks from now on !
981	Sandal	POS	5	purchase these sandal for husband who have plantar fascitis and can not wear other style sandal and can not walk barefoot . he be able to wear these `` house sandal '' without orthotic . great product and will definitely purchase again .
769	Sandal	POS	5	i order and have my shoe within 2 day ! they have great price on birkenstock and get right on it when you place a order . will definitely shop with they again !
537	Sandal	POS	5	these be fantastic sandal . the most comfortable i have ever worn . they be a little bit pricey but worth the money . they be very durable . i wear they everyday for a solid 4 month and they still look brand new .
568	Sandal	POS	4	looks\/feels good but the sole be a little too stiff for my liking ... get to be uncomfortable when walk around a lot
648	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear these for the past five year . year ago on a family vacation at a lake with a rocky shoreline , i slice my toe open on a rock . after that i try various water shoe and sandal over the year , none of which i really like . then one day at the beach i see a friend wear these , and he buy i a gray pair for my birthday . i have worn nothing else since . i recently buy a second pair in black , not because the first pair have wear out -lrb- they still work just fine -rrb- , but because i want a different color , and think the black pair look really sharp . here be why i like these . 1 . this be the most heavy duty pair of sandal that i have own . while some review have note that they be heavier than other sandal -lrb- which be true -rrb- , to i that do not affect they comfort in any way , or the ability to walk or run in they -lrb- i like run on the beach with these because i do not have to worry if they get wet -rrb- . 2 . these provide the best protection for you foot that i know of . no worry about stub you toe because the toe be reinforce like no other sandal or water shoe that i have own . it be like have the protection of a work boot . one review note that sand can collect in the toe area and other part of the sandal when you walk on the beach . true , but it be not uncomfortable , and i just rinse these off when i leave the beach for the day . 3 . the bottom also provide solid reinforcement . no worry for i about cut my foot on broken shell at the beach or slippery rock at the lake . these have also protect my foot from sharp coral reef and jag volcanic rock that i have encounter on vacation . these sandal literally save i from serious personal injury when a jet ski i be ride on vacation flip over in a area fill with volcanic rock -- i feel they on the bottom of these sandal as i try to right the jet ski . without these sandal my foot would have be slice to ribbon . 4 . the traction on these be excellent . i have use these to go into the deep end of a empty in ground pool that be coat with slimy alga to clean the wall without lose my balance . i have also use they to climb on jetty at the beach . 5 . i wear a medium width and recommend that you size up either a half size or full size . my first pair be a full size up and a little loose . my current pair be a half size up and fit perfectly . but each person 's foot be different . bottom line : i wear these for any water related activity that i do -- sailing , power boat , jet skiing , walk on the beach , go in the ocean , even swim in a lake that have a rocky bottom -lrb- it be a little tough to swim with they , but i prefer that to slice my foot on a rock -rrb- . i highly recommend they . shop for price . during the summer you can often find they on sale for 15-20 % off . i buy mine online on sale from ems .
354	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase this sandal a half size smaller than my normal size . i do this because i own this model of sandal in the past and the smaller size fit be correct . it seem the fitting have change in this model from 3 or 4 year ago . i send back the purchase and receive a sandal with my normal size . i have not wear they much but they seem great .
468	Sandal	POS	5	these be unlike other rainbow that be all leather ; these be soft foam -lrb- like the more common reef sandal -rrb- they be very both classy and comfortable .
702	Sandal	POS	5	the sandal be as describe and the purchase be the result of a specfic christmas request .
933	Sandal	POS	5	i have own the double layer , leather rainbow flip flop for about 2 year now and they be , without a doubt , the best pair of sandal i have ever own ! incredibly comfortable , even when wear for long distance , great support , and extremely durable . in the highly unlikely event that they do break due to wear and tear , rainbow provide a replacement free of charge . the \* only \* downside - and it be indeed a minor one - be that they be somewhat stiff and uncomfortable for the first 1-2 week , as you break they in . once break in they mold to fit the contours\/shape of you foot . highly recommend , particularly for those of we in state like florida and california who live in flip flop year round !
573	Sandal	POS	5	i love my new birkenstock sandal !!! i have never own a pair until now . i have foot pain and be tell i need arch support . these sandal offer just that . take a little breaking in at first but then they form to you own foot . they look great too . the upper be water resistant and wipe clean easily .
627	Sandal	POS	5	these keen fit true to size and have a good arch support for a rubber sandal . also it be a big plus that they be comfortable with either no sock or a thin sock -lrb- good for extended walking or light hike comfort -rrb- . the sole have little bit of stiffness which also make this a good walker that can get wet and stay cool as well ! good solid product ...
292	Sandal	POS	5	as always , i be incredibly please with my new birkenstocks . i have never try the synthetic material but they be equally as comfortable as the suede pair i use to have . the value be great . the packaging and shipping be both beyond expectation . the sizing be correct .
985	Sandal	POS	5	these be so awesome ! so comfortable . i buy a pair , love they so much that i buy a pair for my husband and neither of we will ever go back to $ 10 target , wal-mart or payless sandals again . : -rrb-
735	Sandal	POS	5	i be very happy with new birk they be so comfortable that i have wear they every day since recieve they thank you so much
515	Sandal	POS	5	love these shoe . only thing , my husband be very hard on shoe , and the sole of these only wear about a year for he .
960	Sandal	POS	5	the sandal ship earlier than what be estimate and be exactly what i think they to be . the sandal be buy as a christmas gift for my brother and he be truly happy with the product as well .
184	Sandal	POS	5	best shave soap on the market ... ` nuff say . buy it . use it . you 'll agree .
459	Sandal	POS	5	after 18 year , my husband finally let go of he rainbow flip flops buy in 1989 . grant the past two summer of wear they have be a act of love on he part but , they be he favorite and though slightly crack from lie in the sun ... he could still wear they . he be like a kid with a toy when he receive he new pair for christmas ... and though the logo be different , the name be the same and the quality appear to be the same , as well . when he buy he one and only orignal pair in 1989 ... we gasp at the price since it be higher than the drug store brand ... but , they be worth every penny ... no gasp need ... they last almost forever ... make extremely well ... comfortable , handsome leather ... we be fan !
982	Sandal	POS	5	this sandle be exactly what he want . we could not be happier about this product or the price . thanks amazon !!!
47	Sandal	POS	5	the keen website list the newport h2 as a water shoe and the regular newport as a trailhead shoe -lrb- with leather upper that be waterproof -rrb- . both be the same price . i prefer the regular newport for these reason : a. -rrb- the footbed have a suede leather cover , which make it more comfortable and cooler that the uncovered footbed on the h2 . b. -rrb- because of the elasticity in the h2 upper strap and by design , the h2 be a tighter fit and also harder to get into . to i this make the newport more comfortable . c. -rrb- although not as water hefty as the h2 , my regualar newport can and do handle occasional water .
346	Sandal	POS	5	this be the best fitting flip flop type shoe . it be well worth the price for the look ... the fit ... and the life of the shoe .
399	Sandal	POS	5	i be very please with my buy . it come just as describe . it be also a great price .
135	Sandal	POS	4	my size 12 newport -lrb- non-h2 -rrb- need replace , so i think this time around i would order the h2 style . i order the same size , 12 , as my old newport . alas , the h2 seem to run smaller . maybe even a whole size less , but 1\/2 size at least . they do not make a 12.5 , so i be leave to decide whether to risk order a 13 . never wear a 13 anything in my life , but the 12 definitely do not fit . hold it side by side with my regular newport , the sole be exactly the same design , but be just a smidge smaller . i think maybe it be that my old sandal be break in . nope , the sole of the h2 be a little bit shorter and narrower when place sole to sole with my newport 12 . so order a .5 or whole size up be my recommendation .
799	Sandal	POS	5	this be a gift for my son who love birkenstocks . . it be the perfect gift at a great price . . thanks .
254	Sandal	POS	5	my husband first buy this sandal in florida over 2 year ago . he love they so much he wear they out this summer and even duct tape the toe hold part down -lrb- crazy ! -rrb- we find they online and he -lrb- and i -rrb- be very happy he be wear a new pair now .
783	Sandal	POS	5	i be on about my fourth pair of these . they be almost the only shoe i wear on the boat in the summertime . the sipe sole afford traction on a wet deck . i find the best price on amazon , so i order two pair ... one for home and one for the boat .
904	Sandal	POS	4	good sandal and comfortable to where in the water , but the closed toe be much warmer than you might expect . they be great if you need you for to be a bit more protected than a standard sandal , but i be look for a more open version that breathe a bit better .
977	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal be make of high quality material and be well craft . they be very durable , comfortable and bridge the gap between sandal and shoe . the enclosed toe provide protection unlike many open toe style and the secure fit provide by the flexible liner material and heel strap keep the sandal in place even while run . the footbed be very comfortable and keep odor at bay . overall i be very pleased with the product and the savings over retail be approx . $ 20.00 with a wider selection of color available through amazon .
467	Sandal	POS	4	these be awesome !! they be the only kind of slipper that i can wear because i need the massage bed . however , as much as possible do not get these wet as the massage nob seem to break off sooner if the slipper get wet .
544	Sandal	POS	5	these sandal be amazing if you give they the chance . many reviewer have say that they hurt and be uncomfortable . i would not say that they hurt but more towards the uncomfortable side if this be you first time wear they . however , after a couple day of wear they around the house , you foot should get use to they and the nub start to soften just a bit . now they be so comfortable to i that i try to find place to walk to in they ! i like the fact that the sandal strap be adjustable , but at the same time , very sturdy . in the summer i like to have the strap a little tighter . when it start get cold , i loosen the strap a bit so that i can wear sock with they around the house for my cold foot . one weird thing that i have discover be that , if i wake up and immediately put they on , they feel like they pinch the bottom of my foot just a bit . the feeling go away after a couple minute and i never have this feeling besides in the morning with these sandal . also , i would not wear these as shower sandal if i be you . the strap be line with feel on the inside and it soak up the water pretty well . in the summer it dry quickly but in the winter , the shoe might still be wet in the morning after shower at night . if you decide to shower with they , flush out the space between the nub once in a while with the shower head to get rid of trap sock lint or dust . another tip , if you do shower with they on , i suggest tip the shoe upside down afterwards to drain some water out because it will get trap between the nub . not a big deal but maybe this be what be cause people 's nub to fall off quickly ? i have have these sandal for 2 month now , and they look brand new despite the fact that i wear they everyday ! the size for the shoe seem small by half a size . i wear 10.5 's in nike sneaker . however , i get the sandal in 11 's and they fit great ! the contour of the nub fit my foot exactly . these shoe be definitely a great investment . after wear they for so long , the sole do not seem to have worn too much . i much prefer to buy something nice that last a long time then to buy 5 pair of cheap flip flop that i have to constantly replace .
501	Sandal	POS	5	great shoe . very comfy and versatile . ship quickly as well . after wear my old pair for a few year , i be surprise by how these feel in comparison . have not realize the change in support over the year .
580	Sandal	POS	5	buy these sandal for a bit more than what you would pay for in store . they be awesome ! make from great material , super durable and when break in , they feel excellent . i would recommend these sandal to anyone look for a quality pair of flip-flop .
833	Sandal	NEG	2	just wait . i have to admit that i know i be not get official , leather , expensive birkenstock , but i have expect better than what i get . the taupe tahiti have a nice , soft bed , comfy on the foot ... but i could not get past the cheesy appearance . not only do they not resemble leather in any way -lrb- think cheap plastic purse material -rrb- but the suede bed be `` ragged '' for lack of a better term . the edge look as if they be tear instead of cut precisely , with cheapest grade suede , and the cork bed look like a cheap knockoff as well . have i pay a small amount for a `` light '' version of birkenstocks i would not have be surprise , but for the price these just do not look up to par . i do not consider myself super picky , either . but , have i keep these and wear they i would not have be surprise if someone think i get they in the wal-mart shoe department for $ 15.99 . lesson learn . i will save my penny for a leather pair of the best .
562	Sandal	NEG	2	i work on the water & for the past decade , these thong have be my shoe of choice , but over the past couple of year i have notice quality of construction decline . whereas i could usually get 8 or so month of wear out of they before the toe leather snap , the last three pair i have own have all last only a matter of week before the side snap . because i travel a great deal , i usually buy 4 pair at a time once a year . after my recent discovery of the colombia tango thong , which actually come in a size 15 , & be very well make & extremely comfortable , i can happily say that i doubt i 'll ever buy another pair of sperrys again !
720	Sandal	NEG	2	they have a build in arch bar which have the stiffness of balsa wood . i have `` flat foot '' . torture thy name be birckenstock . i could care less who sell it .
117	Sandal	NEG	2	i order a pair of the contoured reef and uncontoured . the contoured sandal hurt like mad in the arch because they do not fit my foot right , while the non-contoured sandal feel great . frankly , the non-contoured do have shape to they -lrb- footb be not flat -rrb- so it be not like you have a non-supported sandal . i suggest you avoid the contoured and go for the regular reef !
772	Sandal	NEG	2	the ad say above that these run true to size . what sizing method ? i want to have this style as i like the way it look and seem to be very high quality and the promise of comfort , but i 'll never know as i could not find a size to fit my average foot . they be way too narrow ! if you have a narrow foot , they 'll probably fit fine , but if you have a normal or wide foot ... forget it ! i be fotunate that i have the oppertunity to try these on from a `` brick-n-mortar '' store , so i could try on several style and size . mephisto seem to run narrow all the way across the board .
278	Sandal	NEG	1	i order this pair of shoe for my husband 's birthday . he be a 10w so i order a size 10.5 think it would be plenty big . my son have a pair of keen 's and they run true to size . well i be wrong . so i follow the instruction on the shipping label i get from backcountry -lrb- a amazon vendor -rrb- to exchange they for the next size up . backcountry credit the return , but do not notify i that they received\/processed the exchange . when i call to ask if the larger size be on the way , they say since it be purchase through amazon they would not pay the shipping on the way back . so now i be out $ 12 for return shipping , no shoe , and very disappointed at the lack of coordination between amazon and its vendor . i will not be order anything like this on amazon again !
597	Sandal	NEG	2	my h2 be very good on a grand canyon river trip a couple of year ago that include maybe 20 mile of hike and a fair amount of stress of the shoe . at day 9 the stitching begin to loosen . fortunately , that be at the end of the trip . i do not consider repair they myself ; it be pretty clear stitch all over the shoe be loosen . i get a refund and would need confirmation that the manufacture of keens have change and improve before buy any more of they .
452	Sandal	NEG	2	these look nothing like the picture . they be long and narrow and look like they come from a dollar store . not worth the $ 33.00
671	Sandal	NEG	2	upon recommendation of my foot doctor , i purchase a pair of birkenstock sandal . she promise i they would be the most comfortable shoe you will ever wear . well , they be about the most uncomfortable shoe i have ever worn . the arch be absolutely annoying , and cause blister on that area of my foot . i be very unhappy with they , and will not purchase another pair , nor will i recommend they to anyone .
465	Sandal	NEG	1	here 's the thing ... everyone say these sandal need a `` break-in '' period -- a -rrb- that be ridiculous , and b -rrb- they absolutely do not fit a wide foot -lrb- e , eee , or eeeee -rrb- . these be soft leather , nice look and for a thin foot probably very comfortable . i wear a 7.5 eee . i order one size larger -lrb- 8.5 - 9.5 medium -rrb- and they absolutely do not fit -- while you can get you foot into the strap , they cut into the skin between the toe , and there be absolutely no way to `` break in '' the sandle ... i wear they for about a hour and find that a -rrb- not only do they not loosen up in any way they also dig into the top of my foot and create bloody welt . these 50.00 sandal become unreturnable because they have be worn , and they have dirt on they , and they have blood on the strap . $ 50.00 worth of garbage within one hour . do not believe all these folk on here who say `` just break they in '' ... they do not fit a wide foot , period . save you money .
923	Sandal	NEG	2	i like the basic construction of the shoe however the strap rub my ankle and make for terribly uncomfortable wear .
796	Sandal	NEG	1	i live in la and this crapp have a cult follow not sure why but they be super uncomfortable . i rather walk on a bed of glowing red coal than walk on these . they be really hard and have no give or whatsoever . i buy one and it fall apart ... i send it back and get a replacement . they be make in china and look very cheap ... not worth the $ 50 . i finally give up and buy a pair of reef sandal ... so much better ... dont buy this !
934	Sandal	NEG	2	for year i have be buy the sperry sandal for my brother ! he wear they 24-7 ! finally convinced he to get a replacement but be disappoint that i could not get the " original " . this pair , although well make , be not flat but be shape so that he heel must fit in a concave which for he be very uncomfortable . wish they would bring back the original .
804	Sandal	NEG	1	first off these sandal be insanely comfortable and wonderfully versatile . by the look of they you would think they be well make and rugged ... and the sole be , the upper however be not . the nylon webbing that look as though it cross at the ankle to provide strength actually stop just under the fake suede and spandex and be only hold on by those 2 row of thread . because of this my pair last less than a week of mixed use on a boat and on land walk 5 mile at most before the heal webbing tear off . if the webbing actually meet and cross in the ankle they would be perfect , unfortunately they choose not to do that . i would call this a design flaw but it be clearly do on purpose though i can not imagine save 1 inch of nylon webbing would make or break the cost of the sandal . at least the return policy be great , there be absolutely no problem get my money back , customer service be wonderful .
469	Sandal	NEG	2	good service ... come on time ... son love the look butttttttttttttttt he be a true size 11 and i order xl -lrb- 11-12 -rrb- ... he heal be hang off the back of the sandal ... too bad ... now i have to go through he hassel of return and exchange the christmas gift what a pain ... i guess that be the pitfall of on_line shopping -lrb- sorry amazon -rrb- now after read other review i know this fact ... tooooooo late
142	Sandal	NEG	1	they run very small . i wear a 11 and this be not even close . give they away . nice look , even better if they fit .
778	Sandal	NEG	1	do not by this product . five day after i buy it , i go to my friend house and leave it outside under the sun for about 2 hour -lrb- about 90 degree -rrb- . it melt and deform . it be a bad product from adidas . i hope they improve this product soon
725	Sandal	NEG	2	buyer beware . there be quite a protracted `` break-in '' period before the sandal feel even remotely comfortable enough to wear . they offer arch support over standard sandal .
741	Sandal	NEG	1	this be a cheap plastic ill fitting shoe , like the kind you could get at walgreen 's for $ 6.99 . do not waste you money .
133	Sandal	NEG	2	sorry , everyone think the " lifetime " warranty be worth the money . i didnt have any luck with that . and maby luck be the key ?
887	Sandal	NEG	1	these sandal be ridiculously uncomfortable . it feel like have a bunch of tiny knife stab at you foot with every step . these be the worst sandal i have ever purchase . do yourself a favor and buy a different model .
268	Sandal	NEG	2	rainbow sandals mens double layer premier leather  the color be also off black be really dark gray .
816	Sandal	NEG	2	the first time i wear it , it seem fun but the novelty wear off very soon . also , this be too costly
255	Sandal	NEG	2	for the first week of wear this sandal the center toe-holder -lrb- the one that fall between the big-toe and second toe -rrb- chafe and destroy my foot . it do not align my foot correctly along the sole so my heel would often hang over the inner side of it . my roommate tell i , `` oh yeah , the toe-holder wear in after a while and the alignment work itself out . '' i have be wear they now for about six month now , and they have improve to a degree . i definitely will not buy another pair of they . summary : overpriced , stylish , and uncomfortable .
590	Sandal	NEG	2	i usually like birkenstock , but would not recommend purchase they on line . the one i buy be too wide . you should always try they on before you buy they . i know my size from previous pair , so i order the size i always wear - yet this pair be not nearly as comfortable as the one i have purchase in the store .
195	Sandal	NEG	1	they be my size in length , but so short in height at toe , that they smash my toe and they be very heavy for a sport shoe . i buy sperrys and love they .
244	Sandal	NEG	1	beside from be the wrong color , the sandal i get be fake ... not real rainbow flip-flop ... couldnt ask for a exchange because im currently outside the us , and it would take too much time and effort -lrb- and of course , money -rrb- to send they back . be aware , look can be deceive -lrb- specially with the picture they show you -rrb- .
666	Sandal	NEG	1	because i have be rob and assault . first off , the quality be terrible . like other , the nub start pop off nearly from day one . i own a lot of adida product and this be by far the worst i have ever purchase . thanks for steal my money . second , my foot have never feel worse . the sole of my foot feel like they have be stab to death to the point that i have to ice my foot to feel better . i buy these in hope of `` massage '' my foot after run , as i be lead to believe by the product name . instead ... ouch . i would like to note that i be a average size guy . no one -lrb- well , in america at least -rrb- would refer to i as fat or obese . my doctor whine at i to drop some weight , but i be not heavy enough for these sandal to be fall apart and cause severe pain . i should have go with the callissage as i have those before , however i find the `` massage '' effect of those to be nonexistent .
141	Sandal	NEG	1	just a little warning for the lady . these be men 's geta . women 's geta be more oval shaped . if you want proper woman `` s geta then take a look at these http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/purple-floral-geta-wooden-sandals\/dp\/b005hj9fvo\/ref=pd_sbs_shoe_2
614	Sandal	NEG	2	do not buy these sandal ... i purchase a pair of these five year ago and they be great . the nob do not come off ... the strap finally break loose after three year of use . i just purchase a new pair in june and by august most of the nob be off already . they be almost unusuable at this point . i write to the adidas to let they know that the quality have go downhill and get a ` corp-speak ' response but no answer or even willingness to admit they have a bad shoe now . see update below : recently , a friend of mine buy the adidas men 's calissage , with the clear nub , and they have not lose any nub in over three month . they seem to be about the same as this version , just better make nub . i would recommend go with the calissage ... if you can find it in you size . i check on amazon and they be out of many size .
348	Sandal	NEG	1	i really really try to like these . i wear they for day , i stand in salt water , i try everything people suggest but these be the most uncomfortable sandal i have ever touch . maybe people see these like some kind of cave man rite of passage . you endure week of blister and sore foot to break in these awful thing to prove you be a real man ...
594	Sandal	NEG	2	the contour bed be nice , but the strap be very tight if you have a wide foot .
412	Sandal	NEG	1	i originally get these sandal as a gift from my grandmother about two week ago . she die around 3 day ago so i decide to wear they out and about . i live near a beach so wear sandal be a very practical thing to do , so i have worn plenty of sandal in my time . i know all type of brand and style of sandal , and this have to pretty much be the worse . as i be out , the sandal strap come apart in a completely unwarranted time . i trip because of that , and have now scar up my foot pretty good . blood similarly get all over my sandal . now , i have hepatitis b , unfortunately , so i have to dispose of the sandal for the safety of other - particularly , my family . not much i can do about thing when i spill my blood on they -lrb- unless i want to find some way to completely quarantine the item -rrb- . so i explain my situation to the company . what do they say ? they say that they can not do anything at all . instead , they tell i to like they facebook page because i have a chance at winning a pair of freak sandal . yeah right , as if i be go to advertise you junk product to my friend . never purchase from this company . they do not care about you or the quality of they product . i suggest reef 's instead - actually , i suggest any other brand .
510	Sandal	NEG	1	these begin to make my foot smell in the first week and have now begin to come unstitched . do not have this problem with the first pair i have for five or more year . whatever corner they be cut now make they a rip off .
569	Sandal	NEG	1	i be a early bird christmas shopper and order my son a pair of these shoe from this company in august . since they be a christmas gift , i do not give they to my son until christmas day . after he open the shoe -lrb- loving them -rrb- we realize that they be too small . i contact the company to see about exchange they -lrb- not return them ... just a exchange -rrb- and they refuse !! i tell they that the package be not even open and the shoe be never worn but they still deny my exchange . i be tell that they have a 30 day return\/exchange policy . this policy be wrong especially under the above circumstance -lrb- item be a holiday gift , unopened and unworn -rrb- . this policy irritate i even more as i order a similar pair of rainbow shoe for my daughter from a company call american sole -lrb- who have the same return policy as this flip flop store -rrb- and they take my exchange ! overall , my fault for not read the fine print but i want to make it know to anyone who may purchase from this company in the future that they extend no courtesy in any situation . would not suggest this company to anyone .
505	Sandal	NEG	2	these be not comfortable at all . as soon as you get they wet they make the most awful squeak noise . not good at all .
383	Sandal	NEG	1	wtf be with a 2 week break in period ? i guess once they stop torture you the relief must make they feel that much more comfortable . i have worn these for a day at a time , a total of ten day , over the past year . they still be abrasive and tight and i be throw they away . my reef have last i 2 year run , be comfortable out of the box , and be still comfortable .
868	Sandal	NEG	1	these be pure torture . i can only hope the nib start break down . these be only tolerable with sock . buy something else you will not be sorry .
764	Sandal	NEG	1	after eight month use as shower shoe one of the strap disconnect from the sole . crap crap crap crap crap .
549	Sandal	NEG	1	i bough these as a gift , but be surprise when the recipient mention a uncomfortable lump in the sole of the left shoe . this be something i might expect in the $ 15 wal-mart shoe , but not in this shoe which retail for $ 95 .
123	Sandal	NEG	1	i be charge money on my credit card and never recieve the flip flop . this transaction really suck .
369	Sandal	NEG	1	i try they on for size in the store . when i get home and walk around they really irritated my foot . i return they . my daughter have the calissage so i be get those .
211	Sandal	NEG	2	these be some nice sandal . they look cool , can be wear with just about anything , and be very popular . they be also rather comfortable , once you get use to stand on hundred of little bump . however , i hardly ever wear they , because i have a very hard time keep they from slide sideways under my foot . i have try tightee they , loosen they , and alter the angle at which i velcro they , but nothing seem to help keep they from become crooked after just a few step , especially if i be walk at a brisk pace . i do not know how people wear these thing around without have a problem with they slide sideways . i would not recommend they , unless you can somehow keep they straight on you foot . if you can , they be great .
453	Sandal	NEG	1	these be very low quality sandal . i get these a couple of month back . the nob start shed immediately and now have several patch at all the place that matter . i have use this type of sandal previously and they last i several year . these sandal do not have the same quality . most certainly not worth the price .
119	Sandal	NEG	1	i buy these sandal on the review of other customer and regret it . these be the worst , most uncomfortable sandal . very cheaply make in china . quality be unacceptable and completely waste of money . i wonder if some of these review be write by the company itself .
860	Sandal	NEG	2	just get these sandal . and what can i say ? they seem to be wide enough for my wide foot . and i like the look of they -- it be something about the ` retro-ness ' of they that i find so very appealing . the problem though for i be that i have very flat foot . and the contour of the footbed do not seem to respect that . it be like walk over some kind of hill or something . i do not know why birkenstock can not make a shoe that can do away with the footbed thing . because i be tell you , it only work if you happen to have the ` right ' kind of arch in you foot . otherwise , you 'll be in for a lumpy experience !!! and who need that !!! these shoe will be stay in the closet . or at least there be always the goodwill !!!
792	Sandal	NEG	2	i love my keen sandal , mostly due to nice fit , they be a little sweatty though . so much that i buy the shoe -lrb- very good -rrb- , buy the work boot -lrb- steel toe also very good -rrb- , buy the sock -lrb- not so good -rrb- . i do not honestly wear the h2 sandal that much , maybe have they about a year -lrb- buy they last late summer\/fall -rrb- , but live in the northeast so its mostly a summer shoe , 4 -5 month a year or so . so we go to grand tetons , these be my `` off hike day '' shoe for the trip . we do a 6 mile flat hike and the back rip out of one of they . by the way the sock have hole in the side -lrb- not heal or toe like you might expect -rrb- . use to be all they product seem to have 5 star rating ... i think the expansion to all kind of shoe may be cause some kind of performance issue . so not much use , the tread on the bottom frankly look brand new but the heel rip . i dunno if i will get another keen shoe , i be see some of they newer stuff have some bad rating . still i would take they over almost anything teva , but not at full price . i guess i would take another shot for $ 50 or $ 60 ... but for $ 100 they need to last more than a season .
740	Sandal	NEG	2	i get my fiancee and i a pair of these in preparation for we trip to san diego . the first pair i receive be too small so i send they back for a larger size -lrb- the saler be very pleasant to work with -rrb- . the larger size still feel too tight across the width of my foot . i have small foot for a male -lrb- size 9 -rrb- and i do not consider they to be extra wide by any means . i also find my heel slip off the back . i give they a fair break in time but they never improve . they now sit in my closet unused . i prefer my sandal to have a looser fit , if you be the same way i would look else where . on a positive note my fiancee love hers and wear they around the whole time we be in san diego .
763	Sandal	NEG	1	i read all the review . i know there be a extended break in period on these . but i order these the same time as some reef and the reef fit instantly out of the box . the strap on these be super tight and even wear around the house be uncomfortable . so i return they . . be $ 59 make the decision easier to return as well . oh and they there be no free return shipping from these guy . . i have to pay $ 10 to ship myself .
481	Sandal	NEG	1	three day after order this product , so i be not sure if the product be good or bad , but the vendor surely be something to be desire . here it be 7 day since i have order this item and the shipper have yet to give any idea when this will ship . funny there be only 1 pair leave when i order and something tell i that 2-3 week into wait i 'll get a email they be out-of-stock .
202	Sandal	NEG	1	i have problem do the conversion on the size of the shoe . the size specify be very different from the american size . so , when i receive my purchase , i ` ve get very dissapointed , because i live in brazil and lose my purchase . be carefull when buy a shoe . the correct number that response to the size 8,5 eua be 39 eu , not 41 eu . attention on this detail .
171	Sandal	NEG	1	i have wide foot and they rainbow do not make a single size that my size 12 foot can slip into .
857	Sandal	NEG	1	for a birkenstock slide in sandal the rating be a one . it may be 5 in all other aspect than the one i will focus on -lrb- or normal for a birkenstock sandal of this slide in design . -rrb- i send they back right away . the problem be that the upper be construct out of floppy soft suede and the material be so floppy the wearer be probably go to have to reach down every time he put they on , rather than quickly slip in the foot and go . i never get to try the softbed feature and evaluate it , which be what i be really interested in . i take a careful look at the other color hope to find a stiff material -- but could not . the amazaon birkenstock offering for softbed sandal take you to some color choice that do not say softbed , and some that do . apparently the softbed come only with the floppy upper that make they virtually dysfunctional as slide in slide out sandal . the truth be that earth make far and away the best man 's sandal of this nature . earth must have be take over by fairy who only make woman 's shoe . hopefully earth will come out with some man 's sandal of they traditional slide in style sometime soon . after all , earth be a german company , and the culture of macho among the german elite be endanger at earth if they let the fairy run the show .
882	Sandal	NEG	1	i be a great supporter of keens . however this model be cut differently than the last two pair i buy and be not comfortable .
564	Sandal	NEG	2	i buy these shoe for a 2 week hike vacation in utah . i only wear these shoe during the trip . i be happy with the comfort of the shoe however the quality be subpar . also at the end of the day my foot really smell bad . i feel that with sandal my foot would get enough air to breath unlike full on hike boot . at the conclusion of the trip the stitch on the back strap of the shoe have come undo and be very loose . not something i would expect for a shoe in this price range . i be pretty happy walk through water in these shoe . they never come off and the grip on the bottom hold up pretty well .
271	Sandal	NEG	2	very comfortable , foot love the massage from the nub . quality have go south . the massage nub break off at a unreasonable rate . be prepare to buy replacement often once you get addict to these .
554	Sandal	NEG	2	the product look good and appear very sturdy . however , after break they in for a few day around the house i wear they on vacation and develop a really nasty blister\/scab on the top of my left foot . it be really sore and ugly . i do not do anything more than walk around the house and the beach . i be hopeful this will not happen again but certainly not a good first impression of the product .
8	Sandal	NEG	2	the sandal be good for the normal male 's foot . my son have a very thick foot and the toe thong and the strap be very , very tight .
11	Sandal	NEG	1	i be very disappointed in this product and will not buy it again . i would have return they but i hate do return so i keep they and will use they for teach purpose only . they be not suede upper and they do not have leather strap . most of the sandal be cardboard , stiff and do not work well as a dance shoe . i have discourage my student from buy this shoe as i beleve the picture show and description give be not accurate .
270	Sandal	NEG	2	i order the correct size , accord the chart provide . they be waaaay too big . as in unwearable . on the plus side , birks be great shoe , the product be as describe , except for size , and it arrive on the day promise . i love amazon , and use it a lot , but this one be a failure .
634	Sandal	NEG	2	i have friend who be from ca and they swear by these flip flop . i wear a size 9.5 in women and so i buy the men small flip flop . the men size should have cover i up to a women size 10 accord to they size chart . i research -lrb- i think -rrb- pretty well and find they run narrow so that why i order the men - its wider . yeah , still way too narrow . its like my foot just fit in they so i can wear they but it be not the ideal situation . and i never think i really have wide foot ! my recommendation be to try they on in store if you foot be size 9 and up ! and the breaking in periood be bad too - i wear they every day for a week so i think they be good . wear they to a baseball game where i didnt do that much extra walking and i get some of the worst blister of my life on the bottom of my foot ! i limp for 3 day after my foot be in so much pain ! and yes , maybe that bc they be slightly small but still . i even research further and get they wet -lrb- people say that help stretch they out -rrb- and its still not great !
903	Sandal	NEG	2	i suppose they be comfortable , but i recommend go to a retailer where you can try they on first . i get the recommend size base on they size chart and end up with a short end of the stick .
920	Sandal	NEG	1	this shoe feel like they should sell for $ 10 . i be throw they away . uncomfortable .
441	Sandal	NEG	1	the high and very hard arch be not right for i . i would not recommend unless you can try it on in a store to see if it be right for you .
891	Sandal	NEG	1	i have only have mine for just over 3 week , and already the nub be fall out like crazy . they be all over the house . very poor quality . adidas have go downhill .
65	Sandal	NEG	2	i wear mine for half a year and have be very satisfy with general fit , comfort , and foot support . i be very unhappy with the excessive wear that they show compare to various other clarks sandal i have own . i have worn these for walk a average of 4 mile per day on paved street and i will consider myself lucky if i get another two month before the sole wear through and break . the insole also show excessive wear and tend to attract crud and dust that soak into its slightly textured surface .
909	Sandal	NEG	1	no slam on this seller . do not pay extra money for this product because the manufacturer will not honor the `` lifetime '' warranty offer as a selling point on all other rainbow sandals . buy the rainbow sandals for my husband at a pricey beach store and seriously overpay , but they fit well and come with a `` lifetime '' warranty . do not believe it and do not bother to pay shipping to have defective shoe send to the manufacturer . the shoe we return be two year old and be clearly delaminate and all we get be a gee sorry letter state if we want the defective shoe back we would have to pay for return postage . . the delamination be never mention . this product be not worth the xtra $ $ . the warranty be bogus !
373	Sandal	NEG	1	after about two year of light use , mostly around the house , the toe strap , which be roll leather , rot through . this be bad design to not have a reinforcement element inside the strap . not worth the price .
502	Sandal	NEG	2	these be stretch out when i receive they . i receive they quickly , and be able to return they with no problem . they even give i a shipping label i do not have to pay for , and then receive the refund quickly .
864	Sandal	NEG	1	the last pair of keen sandal i buy , for my wife and i , be thoroughly appreciate as to durabilty and comfort , but say to say , the one we order this time be inferior in every respect . the size be mark the same , unfortunately they appear to be mean for child . the material be overly lightweight and strange , definetly unlike the one we have buy originally , which be make in the usa . yours truly , dennis mora
722	Sandal	NEG	1	we like the idea of these massage sandal . however , they be poorly design because the tiny massaging peg come loose and break off not long after we start use they . my wife and i be not overweight people -lrb- athletic build -rrb- and only use these sandal around the house -lrb- not for hight impact activity -rrb- . we be both very disappointed with this product from a name brand company like adidas . we would not recommend this product for anyone since they begin break so soon .
678	Sandal	NEG	2	i purchase the softbed in jan 2012 . periodically , i have be wear it because the softbed and the arch support , especially the left arch , be poor and too high . it be hard on my foot . i have have imitation birks & the sole and arch support be softer and more comfortable on my foot . however i think buy a birk be a investment of quality and comfort which would have worth the cost . disappointed ! many review say that birks need to be ` break in . ' i do not think that my birk still need to be ` break in ? ' quality of the sandal be great , but i may not be able to wear because of discomfort !!
790	Sandal	NEG	2	i buy these for my son 's birthday , and unfortunately , the size do not work as he usually wear a 11-1\/2 and a 12 be too big and the 11 too small . the sandal have a back strap , which we think would be great to get the perfect fit , but they just do not and have to return . unfortunately , the fullfillment company charge a restock fee . amazon be kind enough to give i a credit on my account since it be not clear in the description that return would be penalize . we re-order the ecco sandal from amazon , and all be well . we realize sandal only come in full size , but the clark just do not cut it .
567	Sandal	NEG	1	i buy these shoe for a grand canyon river trip . i like the comfortable footbed , the rubber cap over the toe , and the siped sole . i break they in on a 3 day san juan river trip , and they be fine . they give good traction on wet rock and work well for a 2 mile hike . then i take they on a 16 day grand canyon trip . after a few day , the shoe stretch and i have to pull the shock cord tighter and tighter to get they to hold my foot . the loose end of the shock cord dangle so long i sometimes trip on they . the real kicker come on day 10 . the stitch that connect the strap around the ankle come out . there be no reason for it , the thread be not worn or abraded . it look like the stitch just pull through . i notice it on one side of one shoe a stitch it back together . then i look at the other shoe and it be fall apart in the same spot , but on both side of the ankle . the january 18 , 2011 review by tom explain the problem perfectly . these shoe cost nearly $ 100 and last a total of about 15 day . the keen web site say these shoe be design for `` hike '' , but they be not dependable . i could have be 5 mile up a side canyon when the shoe fail . a companion have a $ 12 pair of ozark trail river sandal from walmart , and they be still in great shape when the keens fall apart . keen and they absolutely refuse to provide a refund , they warranty only offer to replace defective shoe . but i do not trust they shoe anymore . do not waste your money on these shoes .
149	Sandal	NEG	1	rainbow have the worse customer service . do not be fool by they warranty b . they be overprice and uncomfortable and require a long time to break-in . and by the time you break-in , they be all wear out and warranty be go . i rather buy some reef .
182	Sandal	NEG	1	i have be a fan of clark sandal for year . would not have anything else but they have change . the strap on they top line of sandal be too long for small foot . i have a size 7 and the strap will not pull tight -- velcro pad be too short -- strap too long . i have to take they to the shoemaker to have the top strap cut down and the excess cut off . they one-size-fits-all design do not fit small . when i pay the high price for the best , i expect the best . they be no longer the best when they do not fit . -lrb- note you star rating -rrb- the bottom strap hold but will not pull tight and can not be cut down without a major reworking . i just buy a pair of north face sandal to replace they . they adjust perfectly and cost less than my bill form the shoemaker to fix the clarks . they be not quite as comfortable , but they fit . shame on you clark . if you can not make my size , then do not advertise that you can and take my money . clark , you have lose a customer . i 'll not be take again .
931	Sandal	NEG	1	as another reviewer report , i have a older pair of these sandal that work well for year , until the strap break off . on the newer version , the nub start break off immediately , quickly lead to large nubless patch under the forefoot and toe . they do provide great relief of muscle stress and soreness while they last . at first , the nub become painful after about 20 minute of wear - but they become more comfortable as the foot get use to they .
423	Sandal	NEG	2	i recently discover sanuks . i be try to locate the suv model but find only us size 7 a 8 . why not size for regular adult man . i wear a 10 but no joy in find they .
822	Sandal	NEG	1	i be highly disapointed , i love birkenstock , and own several pair , i have problem with my foot and birkenstock & keen be the only sandal type shoe i can wear and not hurt at the end of the day . these be very cheaply make , they do not fit like regular birkenstock and they be not worth the price , cheap plastic and my toe hang over the front of the thong by almost 1\/2 and inch and yes they be in the mail to be return
281	Sandal	NEG	1	size information not just bad , but way off . service from amazon extremely poor , refer i to the vendor because the item need to be return due to size ... need a size 9 , sandal order be suppose to fit size 8.5 - 9.5 , think that would be safe ... sandal be about two inch too short ... pretty bad ! have to return sandal - pay for ship to get item , pay to return item , then pay to have it ship back ! total shipping cost $ 21.00 ... pathetic ! and rainbow receive sandal on june 13 , -lrb- confirm via delivery confirmation -rrb- ... i still have not receive exchange sandal ... it be now july 4th !!! they just ship the sandal accord to someone at rainbow on july 3rd ... pretty poor business practice ! i have no desire to deal with amazon or rainbow again .
749	Sandal	NEG	2	these sandal look nice and appear to be good quality . sadly they strap on top be sooo tight that i can barely fit my foot into the sandal . only purchase if you have thin foot .
239	Sandal	NEG	1	i hate these shoe . there be just painful . i think the rubber nub be soft , but they be very very hard . it be like walk on spike . it be a little less painful wear sock , but those spike make these sandal useless .
82	Sandal	NEG	1	keen newport sandal  i actually wear the heel out of the sole through many year of wear . my newest keen , buy in march 2011 , suffer stitch failure on both side of the ankle , both sandal , where the back ankle strap attach underneath the logo flap on the side of the ankle . sadly , as both sandal fail in the same area , this be a quality issue . these sandal have prove to be not worth the cost . i will ask keen to replace they and if they do , i will be satisfy . if they do not , i will not shell out this amount of money for a sandal that do not last five month .
191	Sandal	NEG	1	i be in the process of return the second pair . the stitch pull out in exactly the same place on both pair . the first pair make it 25 day . the second do not make it 2 week . completely out perform by a pair of walmart earthshoes . beyond that they collect any loose material under the toe . walk through a field of grass in seed and after 2 step they be full .
31	Sandal	NEG	1	no slam on this seller . do not pay extra money for this product because the manufacturer will not honor the `` lifetime '' warranty they offer as a selling point . buy the rainbow sandals for my husband at a pricey beach store and seriously overpay , but they fit well and come with a `` lifetime '' warranty . do not believe it and do not bother to pay shipping to have defective shoe send to the manufacturer . the shoe we return be two year old and be clearly delaminate and all we get be a gee sorry letter state if we want the defective shoe back we would have to pay for return postage . . the delamination be never mention . this product be not worth the xtra $ $ . the warranty be bogus !
628	Sandal	NEG	2	i have have these sandal for about a year . my brother swear by they and be on he second pair . first , they be very comfortable , and you forget you have they on . i like the closed toe design , which help keep stone and stick from get in under you foot . that say , i will never buy another pair of these . why ? they smell more than any other sandal i have worn . i be 60 + and have have my share of sandal . these be the worst regard smell . on a recent road trip w \/ my wife and brother , if one of we take we keens off in the car , the window go down and complaint go up ! we laugh about it , but it be irritating nonetheless . sure , wash they help , for awhile . depend on how often you wear they , you may need to wash they weekly . the ` anti-microbial ' treatment of the sole be a laugh . i have have merrell 's that have never have this problem . and my leather-insoled sandal never smell . i have read so many other complaint about the smell of these sandal , that i know it be a problem . and i do not think we need to hear about washing\/powdering we foot as a solution . the solution for i be to look for a different brand of sandal .
329	Sandal	NEG	1	i have own these sandal for a couple of year now . they may be a excellent dry-hiker sandal but they be not good in mixed environment . i have find that the sole of these sandal become a almost frictionless surface on moist rock , stair , etc. . i take a bad fall in a tidal pool in costa rica two year ago and almost lose it on some wet stair next to a swimming pool in rio this year . i know , it take i some time to learn a lesson . thus , if you intend to get these for water\/boating shoe , you need to look for something with a vibram sole or some soft material , not these !
552	Sandal	NEG	1	i purchase the keen newport h2 and within the first 2 week of use the stitching start unravel through out the sandal-i contact keen directly and they choose to insult i because i mispelled a word in my response to they . if you research keen -lrb- google : keen poor quality -rrb- you will find that poor quality be a consistent problem with they . good bye keen hello merrill
449	Sandal	NEG	2	this past summer , while wear ` open toe ' water sandal , i accidentally pull off the nail of my big toe while wade my kayak out of some shallow rapid just above cochran shoals on a urban stretch of atlanta 's chattahoochee river . several of the other paddler regularly wear keen shoe and highly recommend they . so , although expensive , i take the plunge and purchase a pair . on the first pair i order and receive at the end of august 2012 , one of the pull loop above the instep be only sewn on the bottom of the loop , not the top . i return those and promptly receive a new pair . since then , i have wear the replacement pair 6 or 7 time paddle other section of the chattahoochee river , basically get in and out of the kayak at the put-in and take-out , as well as casual wear at home and around town 3 to 4 time a week for the past 3 1\/2 month . they be very comfortable and i really like the support and , of course , the toe protection . however , yesterday while eat lunch , i notice the stitch on the left shoe be loose and pull out where the outside foot-bed tab meet the back ankle strap just below the ankle . these expensive shoe -lrb- $ 104.95 include original shipping -rrb- have not see any strenuous use like hike or extensive creek walking , etc. . give the first pair have a manufacturing defect right out the box , and this second pair start fall apart in less than 4 month of casual use , while comfortable and great while they last , i recommend you find a alternative manufacturer 's product . because amazon 's full refund return date have expire , i be out the $ 104.95 , i be unsatisfied with keen 's product , and now i need to find and purchase a replacement product in time for we traditional new year 's day paddling trip .
95	Sandal	NEG	1	i like the keen concept , but they be cheaply build and unacceptable as a beach sandal . i have the black model and they have turn a dark purple . the sun or salt water may have cause the change . i wear they everyday during my culebra vacation . the shoe be not sturdy enough to use on a gravel beach . when i hike a rocky path , i have to be careful or i would twist my ankle . my companion wear teva sandal they prove to be a better casual sandal .
28	Sandal	NEG	1	i be very disappointed with this shoe . the leather be very stiff and thick . i know it would irritate my foot in walk . the size be right -- the fit be wrong .
747	Sandal	NEG	1	the description of the shoe indicate they be ideal for foot with low arch . the review rave over the fit . i find however that the shoe be extremely hard and they do not stay on as indicate . never do get any softer nor fit my foot . not please at all .
