index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
70	Jewelry	POS	5	one of the most beautiful ring i own ! no one can tell it be not a real diamond !!! i purchase a princess cut two year ago , and this be my second purchase . the ring be so pretty ! my next puchase will be the marquise when they have it in my size !!!
56	Jewelry	POS	5	my fiance buy i this as we engagement ring and i absolutely love it !!! i have always adore art deco pattern and this ring be a outstanding example of what be popular during that era . the cubic zirconia be stunning and the scroll work detail in the metal be truly unique in its design . i could not be happier with this ring !!!!
965	Jewelry	POS	4	what a great band ring ! wear it often and like the smooth feel and intense color . lot of fun for a low price .
594	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be more than i expect ! it be a wonderful piece . i have win it everyday since i get it and have have many compliment on it . people love try to figure out how to put it back together . the photo 's be great but it look better once you slip it on . a great product .
371	Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be provide in its own box , with a beautiful free necklace and polish cloth give by palm beach jewelry . the ring itself be beautiful , and well make . it be delicate , yet strong in balance tone , color of stone and the arrangement be great . i would buy this item again from this location .
869	Jewelry	POS	5	i purchase this for a friend who have always want a claddagh ring . this one be far and away the best i have see in this price range . beautifully design and manufacture . very delicate feature . highly recommend .
382	Jewelry	POS	5	well i just want to say this be a beautiful ring and it be make my wife 's day . i love it its the best .
876	Jewelry	POS	5	a must have for a teenage goth who have everything else . plus , he skull earring along with this pewter ring complete he ensemble . neat gift for the price - can not beat it ...
321	Jewelry	POS	5	i love amber , i do not think people appreciate how it be make how old it be and the work of the element to make such gorgeous and unique piece of amber . this ring be a steal ! for the price i get a classic amber , green amber , and a gorgeous yellow amber . it fit perfectly , look lovely and go with nearly everything . want to buy more for a few friend who love mine .
913	Jewelry	POS	5	this be my fave ring of all time . it come with a string around it so it will not fall a part when you take it out of the box . although , mine have to be `` take '' apart . it do not just fall apart like some of the looser knot do . i love this ring & the company have a video you can watch & learn to how to put it , & other puzzle ring , back together . the indviual band be thin & can bend so you have to be nice it , but it be well worth the money .
402	Jewelry	POS	5	my wife and i buy for we 4 year old daughter after she ask we to buy she a ring ... she absolutely love this ring
219	Jewelry	POS	5	i purchase this ring for my daughter for christmas . it arrive in perfect conditon . the ring beat my expectation . i have worry that for the price it would be a little dinky ring , as that have happen when i buy from other place , but this be perfect . the size be great , it have a very nice appearance , shiny and a very clean look . the box it come in be so cute with a bow on top and i have not expect that . i be so pleased . if you have any doubt , do not ! it will not disappoint .
494	Jewelry	POS	5	when i see this ring i know i have to have it ! when i get it , it be more beautiful then i ever could imagine ! spoon ring be really differant in so many way . you feel proud just to wear one ! i be glad that i choose this one to be the first of my new collection of spoon ring .
543	Jewelry	POS	5	my husband and son give i this ring for christmas . it be absolutely gorgeous . very well make and beautiful on my finger . i love it !
101	Jewelry	POS	5	i love vintage jewelry and this ring have the look of a vintage art deco piece . cz be brilliant . i receive the item quicker than i have anticipate .
458	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring turn out to be even more beautiful than describe and in the picture . i have be very satisfy with it and love it very much . it be simple yet elegant . very good quality . my husband purchase this as a christmas present for i and i would recommend other do the same .
284	Jewelry	POS	5	i love this ring though the stone be alittle loose but i be gonna find a way to fix it so i can wear it again !!!
428	Jewelry	POS	5	a lot of modern maker of claddagh ring seem to think that the traditional design be not good enough , and that they have to add more `` style . '' i would not have a problem with that if they style be not very often bulky , graceless , or downright ugly . here , however , we have a ring that be elegantly small and tastefully design . there be no strangely deform hand or oversized heart . everything be very nicely in proportion , and small enough that it look very good on even the slightest woman 's finger -lrb- trust i on that one , the woman for whom i buy this have such slight finger , size 5 be almost too big for she -rrb- . also , the silver be cheerfully bright , something the picture do not convey well enough . after consistent daily use , we can see no sign of tarnish or of wear on the inside . this ring be one of the most traditionally , tastefully beautiful claddagh ring i have see , and for the price , it just can not be beat . just be careful which hand you wear it on !
669	Jewelry	POS	5	i love this ring !!! it be light , delicate and feminine as they get . i have get another claddaugh ring here on amazon , but it be soooo big and clunky that i have to return it . i be all about wear feminine jewelry and this ring be just exactly what i be look for . it be sturdy yet so very , very feminine at the same time . when you look at it on the hand , you know it be a lady ' ring !!! the only thing i wish all the silversmith would do be to make ring by .5 , like 6.5 , 7.5 etc. . six be a little too tight , but a seven be too loose for my liking and loose ring drive i nutz .
437	Jewelry	POS	5	the item do not have a full ring to it , so it be adjustable . the item come build so tight that the price barely move . this be ok . let i reassure you , the price can be coax to move if you slowly flex they . this be do so the wearer can adjust the ring to the desire flexibility . the ring part that be suppose to mold around the fingertip be also adjustable and can be adjust by hand . first rate and you should know , very heavy .
430	Jewelry	POS	5	i absolutely love my new ring !! sterling silver ring i have buy in the past have always scratch , but this ring have remain as polished as it look when it first arrive ! i would definitely recommend this ring and i would definitely buy from this company again . excellent service and a very speedy delivery .
545	Jewelry	POS	4	i love this ring ! it be stylish and do not leave a green ring around my finger . the only reason i give it 4 out 5 star be because it run really small . i order it to put on my pointer finger and it be too small even though i order it in a size 11 -lrb- 3x the size of my actual ring size -rrb- . but it fit my middle finger well and i wear it everyday !
100	Jewelry	POS	4	the trick to this pill box be to put you pill in the lid and then close the pill box . this way you can fit more pill and they will not crush because of how the lid fit to the bottom . all seven of my pill fit in this compact pill box . i like it so much that i buy two more as gift . e.
792	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be absolutely gorgeous . it be suppose to be deliver between thursday and tuesday - it arrive wednesday , a day early , safely package . : -rrb- the ring seem durable , and be absolutely beautiful . definitely not too large for a woman , it seem feminine and sweet . i be so excited to wear it every day . if you be go for a claddagh ring at a decent price , this be definitely the one .
893	Jewelry	POS	5	i also like this ring . the fit -lrb- size 8 -rrb- be perfect . i love the color and the design . i would buy again .
835	Jewelry	POS	5	this diamond be a lot bigger than it look on here ! it be makn i feel all bling bling and stuff !!!
812	Jewelry	POS	5	i receive this ring a week ago , three day after order . the stone be a bright nice shade of green , like in the picture . i order a size 6 , and it fit the finger intend perfectly . i believe i have fall in love !
365	Jewelry	POS	4	i just receive this ring -lrb- size 8 -rrb- for my wife , who want a sterling band as a birthing gift . i pay ten smacker for expedited shipping , and the company wait one more day before it say the item ship thursday , from los angeles -lrb- to baltimore -rrb- . i be worry that the ring might not come today -lrb- monday christmas eve -rrb- , and be even grumble about it as i look in my cubby at work , but the size of the shipping box fool i as it sit there , deliver this morning ! it seem like a perfect time as snow be fall , and i write this to share that it be a nice-feeling piece , weight-wise . the dome 's height seem nice , which be the real selling point for i . i want a ring that look and feel like it be just right and do not feel cheap or too light . see the amount of review here , i give it a shot and i be really happy with it ! the ring have that silver stamp quality mark -lrb- 925 -rrb- inside the ring -lrb- i add a image , and you can see the stamp on the production photo -rrb- , which be one sell for i . i have read a couple review of other ring that cost half as much , ask about the lack of a stamp . this show i that this be verify as 92.5 % silver and could be a international production piece , plus add alloy to make the ring harder . as for the finish , it seem like there be a couple cosmetic scratch on it , but i just do not want to return it since we baby girl be due any day now -lrb- due date jan. 6 , but she be full term -rrb- . i be concerned about return ; that window in my life of wait for the replacement be usually when you want it , and i want to give my wife the ring once she be deliver ! i mean , the phone always ring when i be in the bathroom ... you know how it go ! i shoot some picture so that you 'll see the actual ring , instead of a production shot . it come with a cute little bow-finished jewelry box that be nice too . as the snowflake become larger , i hope this review help , as it be difficult sometimes get the feel of some item that people leave feedback for . i be glad i trust my instinct with this ring because i do not want the dome to be too shallow . this will look nice on she finger , and i be spot-on with the width be 4mm . five mill and i think it might be too wide , but i do not want 3 or less because it seem just a little small . now , let i run out and let some christmas eve snowflake light on my tongue !
652	Jewelry	POS	5	these come in the most beautiful packaging , i can not wait to give they to my kid . i just get marry and i have 2 kid , these be go to be they `` wedding band '' !! i can not think of a more precious gift !
716	Jewelry	POS	4	this ring from silver insanity be ship uber fast ! it come in the condition as show , although the garnet be a little more brown red than the stone picture . so , of course , stone quality vary . it be sturdy and not chinzy feeling . i would feel confident purchasing from they again , and my gift recipient will love it .
560	Jewelry	POS	5	i receive my turquoise band today . it come in a beautiful pink box with bow on top . the band be lovely . i be go to order another one .
943	Jewelry	POS	5	i be look for a cute ring for my daughter . she love it ! thanks .
88	Jewelry	POS	5	this `` dolphin spinner ring '' be one of the best item that i have ever purchase - from anyone ! i do not understand what a `` spinner ring '' be , until i receive this ring . the ` inside ring ' , with the dolphin on it actually spin around so the dolphin be ` swim ' ! i love it so much , i have to get a second ring !
378	Jewelry	POS	5	i purchase the ring for myself and i absolutely love it . it be a lil bigger than i think but its hello kitty i can not complain : -rrb-
278	Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be exactly as advertise . my wife enjoy wear the ring , so everyone be happy !
983	Jewelry	POS	5	i absolutely adore this ring ! it be perfect ! it carry the appearance of a jewelry item more expensive than it actually be and i have receive many compliment on it . 5 star !
23	Jewelry	POS	5	i be impress with the quality and detail of the ring . the person i buy it for love it , and as a jeweler herself , that say alot . i be afraid of the metal when i buy it , but she have have no problem . overall the ring be a gorgeous imitation of history and i would highly recommend it and the company i buy it from .
900	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be in excellent condition when i receive it , and have no problem with it whatsoever . it be one of my favorite piece of jewelry .
318	Jewelry	POS	5	not show in photo be a very beautiful romanesk set that the stone sit on . one of the nicest piece i have ever purchase under 10 dollar .
996	Jewelry	POS	4	this be a beautiful ring that be of excellent quality . the only reason i do not give it a complete 5 star be because i prefer very dark tiger 's eye and this stone be very light . however , because the overall quality of the ring be so phenomenal , i be keep it . it should be note that the ring sit on the finger at a slant , not upright as in the picture . that be not a problem in appearance , just try to help with a description . i actually prefer the slant look for this ring .
420	Jewelry	POS	5	i buy this for my mom for mother day and i know she be go to love it . it be a beautiful ring , exactly as it be describe , will look great with everything !!
497	Jewelry	POS	5	this be the second year i buy celtic jewelry and my wife just adore it . for the price this stuff can not be beat and will last if u do not ruffhouse it . yes i like it much and i think i 'll buy some for i .
624	Jewelry	POS	5	i get this as a surprise gift . i be worry about the size , but it fit perfectly and he absolutely love it . i have not have experience with titanium ring , but after see how beautiful it look and feel , i would not mind ditch the classic gold band for a titanium one . if you be think about this product go for it , this ring be a nice , medium width band and look great . the only thing that bug i be the shipping , you could not pick what type of shipping you want , and it be $ 15 , which with a total of $ 125 be a hefty price for some .
870	Jewelry	POS	4	the ring have a nice weight to it , without be too heavy . if that make sense . it be pretty solid as well . what be ship to i be very similuar , but be a different ring . the ship have all its tooth and a triangle nose cavity . not a big deal , it just seem a little odd .
923	Jewelry	POS	5	silver insanity have some nice product at good price . i have buy several item for my wife and she be please with all of they .
565	Jewelry	POS	5	i buy this for my son to give he girlfriend as a promise ... lol if she only know ! what a great good deal i get on it . . this be my 3rd purchase from gem ave , and i have to say i cant wait to buy again ! everything they have-sell be nice and affordable ! shipping be lighten fast !!!!
508	Jewelry	POS	5	i buy this ring as gift and the person i buy it for love the ring . the delivery be quick and all other aspect of the order go great .  black onyx celtic claddagh sterling silver ring -lrb- size 6,7,8,9 -rrb-
234	Jewelry	POS	5	well , i have have this ring for about a year now . my ring size be between a 6.5-7 , depend on the ring . i have read the review where it say that the size be a little small , so i buy the size 7 . it fit wonderfully , no problem at all . the ring have a good quality weight to it too . and for i it do not turn my finger green . but then that very rarely happen with my skin anyway . i love all the intricate detail on the design and how the nice blacken in the background really bring out those detail . also , i be incredibly glad all of the design be in good shape , no deformity or anything cover over with a sloppy blacken job . all in all , i be greatly please with this ring and i wear it all the time . when other people notice it they always comment on how they love it and how unique it be .
802	Jewelry	POS	4	the ring come in a cute little present ring box . the band be shiny and the diamond be sparkly . however , when you look closely at the prong , it look a little flimsy . however , overall it look nice .
209	Jewelry	POS	5	got this for a birthday present for my teenage daughter and she love it . it be just what she want . good quality and reasonable price .
658	Jewelry	POS	5	i order this piece for myself , but i think it would make a great gift for any girl . the light really play off the stone and make it sparkle and the silver really shine . should be in any girl 's jewelry collection . great deal as far as price go . jewelry do not have to be expensive to look classic . : - -rrb- enjoy lady ! note to buyer : this be a rhodium finish ring . steam clean when need , no silver cleaner or polish !
65	Jewelry	POS	5	buy two of ring one for my mother and one for my father ... they love they , it be a great anny present . the ring be exactly how the picture show , so perfect !
649	Jewelry	POS	5	i love this ring -- i never take it off . it be beautiful , and fit like a charm . great buy !
181	Jewelry	POS	5	i just get my ring in today & & i absolutely love it . i be afraid that maybe it be go to be too thick but it be the perfect width . size be right on too so that be nice . it be much more shiny in person compare to the photo . i have be wear it for well over 6 hour now & & there be no discoloration on my finger . material be light but still have some good weight to it . best thing be , this ring be not fragile at all & & i will definitely be wear this on a day to day basis !!!
261	Jewelry	POS	5	this product be amazing . the band like many mention be smaller than it appear on the picture but i be perfectly fine with that . i have get many compliment since the moment i first wear it . i be very pleased with it . its small and simple but beautiful . the stone shine like a real diamond and it look amazing on . i recommend it to anyone look for something affordable and cute .
632	Jewelry	POS	5	my girlfriend have a limit on how much i can spend on gift for she , so i can not buy anything expensive . i want to give she something really nice but stay within the limit . this be the best look ring i have see for the price . i have be to place like walmart and target , but this simply beat they in comparison when i be look for a sterling silver ring with a heart shape . the cubic zirconia look brilliant and shine beautifully . i give it to she today for we 1 year and she be very happy . she treasure it and it make we both feel good that if she do in fact lose it during sport or school , we can easily replace it and keep a smile on we face . i buy two ring in different size because i be not completely sure on the size of she finger . the first ring fit and the second ring do not . the ring look so good though , i decide to put it on a necklace to have around my neck so both i and my girlfriend can match even when we be not together .
961	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring setting be very lovely but you can tell that the stone be not real at a glance . but i still love the color ! the blue be so soft and beautiful . it kinda remind i of the sky . except that the color be a bit lighter . still , the ring be lovely . too big , but still ... love it !!!
989	Jewelry	POS	4	when i see this ring , i think gotta have it . it look good-but better , it be comfortable on . as alway i receive great service . i be a real lover of rings-but not just any ring -- unique one and this one be that . the finish on the ring look great with the stone . regards , donna
417	Jewelry	POS	5	i love all the ring in all color . i would definetly buy again from gem .
699	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be even more beautiful and distinguished look than its picture . be forewarn -- titanium can not be size , so it be imperative that you get size at a jeweler to make a accurate selection . seller also ship item sooner than anticipate . highly recommend !
325	Jewelry	POS	5	follow a burglery i be leave with no jewelery , and this ring dress my hand beautifully . this be fun costume jewelery , which do not look vulgar . the cubic zirconium stone look great .
342	Jewelry	POS	5	its cool ring , i have get many color of it , its strong solid . buy it you will not regret ; -rrb-
17	Jewelry	POS	5	i get this ring and it be even more pretty than the picture . i have have lot of compliment about it .
119	Jewelry	POS	4	it be a great look ring , and there be no problem with the sip ; but the size be the issue . there be no place to pick a size , but nowhere else do it say the size of the ring . so for future buyer be aware of that ... the ring i have be about a size 10 .
734	Jewelry	POS	5	i have order the same ring previously about a year ago , but manage to lose it one day . i like the ring so much , though , that i come back and order a new one because i could not find another like it with the same quality anywhere else for such a great price . i love this ring !
982	Jewelry	POS	5	i get two of this ring for two of my sister who birthday be in december . i also purchase one with a amethyst , one with a sapphire and one with a peridot . now my mother , my three sister , and i can have match birthstone ring . they be attractive and simple enough to be worn to work every day .
499	Jewelry	POS	5	i be so pleased with this ring ! it be even prettier than the picture show . it come fast , and be package beautifully .
301	Jewelry	POS	5	this product be nice , the ring be beautifully finish with no so bling bling look , i be look for something which be elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browse almost 1000 ring before i settle on this one , what even more nice be , that this seller send i shipment overnight fedex as i requesetd to have this ring asap , and they sure do , they reply my email promptly and very curteous , highly recommend they for purchase .
582	Jewelry	POS	5	i love this ring only complaint be that it have get catch on my clothes and bent . i be pretty hard on ring though and it have not break yet . so , that to i show it be make durable .
633	Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be a instant success . my friend love it . it loook amazing . i only hope it be a genuine moonstone . no way of tell it .
616	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great ring ! i love the color , size be perfect , i could not imagine anything better !
886	Jewelry	POS	5	buy as a christmas gift for my daughter . she love it . detail on the ring be very nice . wear it to a we family gather christmas night and numerous family member comment it on .
25	Jewelry	POS	5	i get this ring as a gift for someone . i notice the review be very complimentary so i go with it . i be very glad i do . this ring be very nice and have a great size and very detailed look . i check at place like walmart , target , and kohl and for be the same price they be extremely inferior . the 1 i see at kohl which be $ 40 look like it be make out of plastic . i check the 1 make in ireland as well and this 1 be even better than that . do not let the be make in thailand thing throw you , its the best example of a classic claddagh ring i have see . the seller also be very fast in ship this out . i order late on a monday evening and recieve by friday . i do not normally review thing , but this def deserve it . i highly recommend .
174	Jewelry	POS	4	its my own fault that i do not read the detail of the ring more carefully before buy . i learn a good lesson too . i will not buy jewelry online anymore . its a pretty ring , do not get i wrong , but its huge ! i be tall -lrb- 5 ' 9 '' -rrb- and have really big hand , so i like the stone on my ring on the bigger side , but this stone be much bigger than i would prefer . the color of the stone be nice though , just like in the picture . i like that its a different shade of purple compare to the other ring , which all seem to be the same shade . this color be a little more wine color . i have no problem with the company that i buy this ring from , i be just mad at myself for buy it without know how big it truly be . if you like big ring , you will love this ring !
820	Jewelry	POS	5	i receive my ring one day earlier than i be expect it . it come in a very cute little box with bow . the ring be gorgeous and fulfil my expectation . i love it ! it be very classically beautiful , sparkly and comfortable . i can not imagine pay such a small price for this ring . very pleased !
517	Jewelry	POS	5	hello , i have have many thumb ring but i truly love this one . i buy it and wear it for quite awhile and then give it to my daughter in law who love it . she lose the ring , so i order she another and one for i , too .
487	Jewelry	POS	5	my title explain it . such a good ring for such a small price tag . i be really blow away . if you be into elephant and ring , get this !
875	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be very nice . good quality for a fair price . i like the detail on the side of the ring with the trinity on both side of the ring . you 'll like this product !
12	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful and special . you will get compliment wherever you go . the most beautiful ring i have ever own .
220	Jewelry	POS	5	it look like the real thing . cubic zirconia jewelry be very popular these day and this particular jewelry item show why !
221	Jewelry	POS	4	so i be a girl and want a armor ring , i fall in love with the bird 's skull and want it ! i know it would have to be resize for my tiny finger but i still go ahead and order it , it do say `` adjustable '' after all . it be beautiful beyond word ! but not as adjustable as i would like . i take it to a jeweler to try to get it fix but since it be pewter , jeweler want nothing to do with it and say it 'll get ruin if he mess with it ... sooooo i be in need of a new jeweler so that i can finally wear it . : -lrb- -lrb-
749	Jewelry	POS	4	for the money that i pay for it , i be not disappoint . it be a very nice ring , but you can def see that it be not a real diamond , which be fine by i . i be hope it look a little more real , but it be good enough for i . a nice gift to give someone just to say you love they .
630	Jewelry	POS	5	my dad get this ring for i , so he be let i write this review on he account . i love this ring ! the two picture of it on here do not do it justice . when i get it , it be nicely package in a little baggie inside a white cardboard box with foam , and it fit perfectly . everything be proportional -- no disturbingly large heart or deform hand , and the silver do not tarnish easily . however , it be fairly malleable and easy to scratch if you be not careful . i get a little scratch mark on the surface of the heart , and it be not really noticeable to anyone -lrb- except myself -rrb- but it still kind of bother i . even if i end up break it i 'll probably buy another of the same . : -rrb-
139	Jewelry	POS	5	lovely , absolutely lovely ... delicate and beautiful , well make and at a great price ! came package very well , and be definitely photograph appropriately , look just like it be picture . i could not be happier !
952	Jewelry	POS	5	i buy this ring as a present for valentine day for my girlfriend . i be a little worried about order a ring off of the internet for two reason . one i be worry about the overall quality of the ring match the picture , which it do . the other be if the size be not correct how would the customer assistance be and it be great . the ring be great quality it be more on the petite side which i like . my girlfriend could not be happier with it . she have problem with nickel base jewelry and it be , like they state nickel-free . i get the size right , twice and they could not have be more helpful in fix this error they not only send i a new one quickly and be more then helpful make sure i get exactly what i have want . thank you taos .
944	Jewelry	POS	5	perfect ring to wear occasionally with you wedding band . simple and elegant . solid ring .
780	Jewelry	POS	5	i love this ring . make well and fill grat on my finger . i would recomend this ring to anybody look for a non-flashy but badass skull ring .
75	Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be a very cute ring . the only problem i have with it be , the petal catch on to some of my clothing . still very cute and good value .
667	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very simple and beautiful ring . will use on those day travel when i do not want to risk loose or have a expensive diamond ring steal . good replacement
291	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be very well make and look like it should cost a lot more ! even from a distance it be obvious that it be not ` junk ' metal .
405	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great ring . i will buy from these people again . let i know when you get some real cool guy bracelet in
645	Jewelry	POS	5	i like this ring . the super polish on it make the tiger eye really stand out and move around . because of the design of the setting , this ring do sit a little sideways on you finger . i happen to like the look . it be different . very good value .
155	Jewelry	POS	5	i have be search for a claddagh righ for a while and i come across this one . it be just what i want . when my boyfriend get the ring he love it ! he think it be nice that it tell he what it mean , since he do not know the meaning of it . all around a great gift to buy . -lrb- 3
894	Jewelry	POS	5	sterling silver blue topaz celtic knot ring -lrb- size 4,5,6,7,8,9 -rrb-  let 's just say i get something in return ; -rrb- these ring be beautifully craft and look good with just about anything ... -lrb- or nothing at all -rrb-
887	Jewelry	POS	5	very pretty ring - i love the triangle cut cz . center stone be a nice red color . set be elegant . i be very happy with this .
186	Jewelry	POS	4	i love my ring , it fit perfectly , i order it on a saturday , it arrive thursday . i have be want to buy a ring for quite a while now , and i love this one . the stone be gorgeous , it shine in low lighting . my only complaint be that the band have receive many scratch since i get it . . i blame it on my wear it almost non-stop , but then again i do not do anything extreme that i would expect to scratch it . the band be very thin , it have not lose it be shape , but it take some get use to a band this thin . overall , i still love this ring , the scratch be not enough to make i regret get it .
563	Jewelry	POS	5	my fiance propose with this ring and i be totally smitten with it ! i be anti `` real '' jewelry from jewelry store so this be absolutely perfect for i . it be gorgeous in its simplicity and i love the way it sparkle -lrb- especially in the sunlight ! -rrb- i often find myself admire it . it be nice and light weight . i get compliment on the ring by other lady a lot as well .
502	Jewelry	POS	4	this be a nice ring , but the cz be too big for i . i buy this and the .925 sterling silver princess cut cz -lrb- from gem avenue -rrb- as engagement ring because some of the review mention that the ` stone ' on this ring be a little larger than expect . i want a small -lrb- less than 1k stone -rrb- , and this be just too big on my hand . i have originally really want a round-cut but the princess-cut have a smaller ` stone ' and i actually end up like the cut better after compare the two . this be still a nice ring for the money though ! gem avenue 's shipping be quick also !
901	Jewelry	POS	4	got this ring as a gift for someone and when they receive it , only average response . so i can not really tell you how it be . i would guess it be ok . maybe it be i they do not like , , , , , lol
375	Jewelry	POS	5	i purchase this ring for a friend who collect elephant . of course the elephant on the ring be nicely detail and set off in silver while the band of the ring be electroplate gold . the ring look like it cost far , far more than the paltry $ 20 charge . i be very pleased with the purchase and so be the recipient . i would suggest make this ring in some larger size for man .
785	Jewelry	POS	5	great craftsmanship ! we daughter have be want one of these ring ever since she first see it on buffy . and she love it ! she also have the match necklace . thanks !
700	Jewelry	POS	4	this be a fun item to own , i spend 2 day try to get it solid again and have to look up the solutionon the internet . i think a solution should be include with the item .
604	Jewelry	POS	4	... but order a larger size than you think you 'll need , because the band be thick and since it be entirely stone there be not as much `` give '' as with a metal ring . i order two jade ring and one of they break the second time i put it on . jade 's not as durable as the other stone they offer . i recomm the agate one as more sturdy .
349	Jewelry	POS	4	i be actually look for a perfect ring for i to wear just before i ever get my class ring . and i find this ! i love how it look a blue green color ! and i order it on standard shipping and it come two day later ! but when i get it , it be a baby blue color instead and when i look at the picture it be blue green but oh well , it still look so good on i ! = 0
453	Jewelry	POS	4	i love this ring , it be just as picture and look very elegant . the only caveat i have be that the shape and structure lend the ring to easy bend -- i have already break a couple solder point . also , i snag it on lot of thing -- clothes mainly -- so i end up shelve the thing more than wear it . but i be pretty rough on my hand , so if you be not , this be a great ring for you .
475	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a beautifully-detailed ring , and the blue topaz be lovely . highly recommend as a purchase if you love fine jewelry .
464	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring . be so pretty . more than what i expect . so happy i get it very true to size and the picture do not do this ring justice
72	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a truely beautiful ring that i would happily have pay much more for . the color of the garnet be perfect and the celtic knot pattern look better than in the picture .
287	Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be simply beautiful . i get a size too big and the customer service be great . i be afraid the design be go to look too gaudy on my finger , but it look classy and elegent . the longer amber go to almost the knuckle , but it be super comfy and definitely not intrusive .
547	Jewelry	POS	5	i choose silver bcz it will not look gaudy and noble . be a mortal , i prefer wear sth plain but pure and clean . i be so happy to have find this ring . it be not shine and glare . rather , it look gentle and elegant with nice shape . once feel `` blur '' from the ring surface , just simply wear it and wash you hand with regular cleasing agent and it resume its freshness ! every friend of mine who see this tol i that i buy the right thing and it fit i perfectly !
842	Jewelry	POS	5	its really a nice ring , i have get few of they , its strong and the colore of it be beutiful
665	Jewelry	POS	5	beautiful ring . fast delivery - i be very satisfied with this product and the delivery . i love ` silver insanity ' !
981	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a absolutely gorgeous ring . as you probably know , most jewelry shop do not offer scorpion jewelry . or if they do offer pendant and ring , they be either way too small , or the design look silly and unrealistic . but this ring be really big , the detail be great , and it just look perfect . the best part be the price . i have spend three time as much money on smaller scorpion piece from ebay in the past . i actually like the fact that it be pewter and not silver ; i be a man and personally do not like to wear anything too shiny or gaudy look . this be a beautiful ring for a price that anyone can afford . if you like scorpion as much as i do , you really need to treat yourself to this ring today .
729	Jewelry	POS	5	i love this ring its gorgeous and i can wear it everywhere and with anything ... it doesnt catch on the pocket of my jeans and i like that a whole lot ! ... i miss wear the ring my ex give i so i want a new one and this be just fantastic !!
531	Jewelry	POS	5	this little ring come in several color , be very comfortable to wear , and do not get in the way of daily life .
196	Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be beautiful and i really like it , but they either send the wrong size or they run small because it do not fit , so i return it .
275	Jewelry	POS	5	i buy this band as a keeper for my too-loose wedding band , and it be just perfect . the quality be good , the size be accurate , and the item be ship to i very quickly . my husband and i be both very pleased and would definitely buy it again if the situation call for it .
217	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very beautiful ring . the color and quality of the ring be fantastic . enjoy this ring very much .
779	Jewelry	POS	5	i receive this ring in a timely manner . the ring be very detail in its design . i have be compliment on the look and unique look . definetly would recommend this .
111	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful and be well make . i be impressed that it be so nice with such a low price . i would get another one in a heartbeat !
577	Jewelry	POS	5	i originally order this for my girlfriend 's birthday but i be not able to wait that long . i open it up when it first arrive . at first i be unsatisfied since it have look cloudy . think i have fail i simply leave it by the window and go to workout . two hour later i be ready to pack it up and return it when i have actually notice the diamond be radiate and the coral itself make a impression on you . -lrb- i myself put it on since we have similar finger size -rrb- all i can say be , the reaction on she face be speechless . i be scared but then reassure as she leap to my arm . woohoo ! oh yeah ! free gift , bracelet ? why not !
271	Jewelry	POS	5	if your looking for finger armor than this be the ring for you ! my family and friend go crazy when they see it . it take get use to -lrb- a little uncomfortable -rrb- but i love it just the same .
61	Jewelry	POS	5	i be very pleased with this ring . have have it approximately one year and have receive many compliment . its size be perfect and not once have it tarnish in the length of time i have own and wear it . very , very satisfied !
674	Jewelry	POS	5	i order this ring for my daughter , who be very petite . i think i order a size 5 but receive a size 10 . omg be my first reaction but then a dear dear friend come to mind and it be perfect . she be a bigger girl , 5ft . 10 in . and the ring look beautiful and she be thrill .
202	Jewelry	POS	5	get this as a replacement wedding ring ... i have lose two ring so i want something not be cheap but do not look cheap ... well just get the ring in and think i hit the nail with this one ... great fit and finish sizing be perfect shipping be quick ... 3 day ... and you can not beat the price ...
432	Jewelry	POS	5	i buy this for my boyfriend base on previous purchaser review . they be right ! the picture do not do it justice . it be a great size and quite manly , which be a little hard to find sometimes with these ring . my boyfriend be a firefighter so he be pretty hard on he jewelry and so far it have hold up quite well .
895	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a christmas gift for my daugher-in-law , and she absolutely love it . she say it be more comfortable than a similar band ring she have , and it be the perfect size to complement she other jewelry , not too thick , not too thin .
701	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a nice ss band . very sturdy , not too thin and flimsy . i be very happy with this purchase .
828	Jewelry	POS	5	for $ 8 , you can not get a prettier ring . i wear mine all the time . it be not perfect , but seriously , if you be look for perfection with $ 8 ... i do not know what to tell you . i be seriously consider buy the other shape of solitaire ring that gem avenue have for sale . awesome !!
525	Jewelry	POS	4	sterling silver heart solitaire pink topaz ring  great for a teen gift , or just to show you care .
963	Jewelry	POS	5	i buy this ring to tide i over while my finger size be change due to arthritis . i be pleasantly surprise when it arrive in a very pretty small ring box . the ring be beautiful , very highly polished and the stone just glisten . i be save this ring to wear for special occasion because wear it make i feel special . i love it !!!
518	Jewelry	POS	5	buy this ring for my fiancee when arrangement for i to get a genuine family heirloom art deco ring for she fell through -lrb- long story -rrb- . see the picture and instantly click on it to buy it . beautiful . then i see the price and be fear-stricken . i think , `` there be no way , for that price , this ring be go to look like anything except something that come out of a gumball machine at the supermarket . '' well , let i tell you , it be absolutely stunning . the setting be magnificently detail and the enamel inlay add a very unique touch . my fiancee could not be happier and absolutely love it . the seller be also very accommodate when i have to change the shipping address because i be travel when it be schedule to be deliver . all thing consider , it be a magnificent ring , and the buying process be swimmingly flawless . my fiancee want `` something pretty , '' and she get it . highly recommend .
134	Jewelry	POS	5	i really love and appreciate they service and the product be incredible and i hope to always get my stuff from here .
501	Jewelry	POS	5	perfect pricing for this ring ! pretty ! deliver quickly & in great condition !
925	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great ring for the price . it be smooth , low profile , perfect size ring !
135	Jewelry	POS	5	it look really cool and i love the fact that it be resizable . i have be get these kind of ring for a while but with most it be just a get it and hope it fit thing . i love this ring .
414	Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be ok look . you need to order half a size smaller . it be not comfortable enough to wear all the time . -lrb- i buy this ring for my fiance and i be write all these accord to what he have say . -rrb- you need to take it off if you be work out on machine and stuff for it feel uncomfortable on the bar and all . it might be a little uncomfortable if you want to wear a glove and all . but for the price it be not too bad .
735	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful , a little too big . that be my fault . still sparkling ! i love it !
22	Jewelry	POS	5	i have this ring and it be absolutely beautiful . i would highly recommend this ring . i be a black hill gold lover and this one impressed i .
443	Jewelry	POS	4	i love this ring my only complaint be that the metal be so soft that it bent to the point that i couldnt wear it anymore . i still wear it on a necklace and love it on occasion i can squish it onto my fingure but it take less than two month for it to be almost impossible for i to wear .
21	Jewelry	POS	5	i actually get this ring from a irish store around my town , but i have to say , it be one of my favorite ring . it be last awhile without get scratch at all and still look very polished . it be high quality and sturdy . i wear this ring several time a week and just absolutely love it .
947	Jewelry	POS	5	this blue topaz ring be as describe on the site , better than picture . perfect for a young teenage daughter for christmas . ship be quick as well .
934	Jewelry	POS	4	the first one easily break after be steep on . so as long as you be careful it should be fine . it look pretty cool and have a nice weight to it .
386	Jewelry	POS	5	receive my ring in record time in a beautifully package box , and it be absolutely gorgeous ! look just as it be picture . very clear and shiny , and a perfect fit !! both my original ring be steal during a recent business trip , so i have be look for a `` replacement '' ring , while we wait to purchase my 10th anniversary ring later this year . this be a absolutely perfect choice !
158	Jewelry	POS	4	the ring 's coloration be wonderful ... just forget that it can be somewhat fragile ... it crack after a week of regular use ... i would recommend this ring for people who will not be use it as a everyday accessory ... but overall i be happy with my purchase ...
528	Jewelry	POS	5	i take some time on the site to pick out the correct size stone and design of ring . i be amaze at the quality and workmanship receive . the order be receive in a week to my surprise .
372	Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be just about what i expect . it be fun and puzzling , and it look nice . i figure it out after about 20 minute of mess with it -lrb- i have always be good with puzzle , so it might take someone else longer -rrb- .
862	Jewelry	POS	5	i love this ring , it be really nice and look real . i just get it to wear everyday instead of my good one .
379	Jewelry	POS	5	i have have the ring for a week now and have have no issue with it . i have sensitive skin so i can not wear the ring from the dept. store , but this ring , despite the price , have not affect my skin . the rhodium coating be what help that . i be wear this as my wedding band since i lose my set . ca not tell it be `` cheap '' ! it be ship right away , as well . \*\*\* editing this review year later . it be now jan 2013 and i be on here order a new one . we be not ready yet to replace my original set with a nice anniversary band , so i be back here to buy a new one after have have to cut this ring off . i bent the ring when i be pregnant and try to cut it off my finger , after the finger swell ... anyways , this ring last great . i once tell a friend that this ring be only $ 20 , she be shock . the quality have last through out the year . i be pay $ 20 for what i would pay for a very basic band at a jeweler for $ 100 + . the ring never do irritate my skin and the jewel never fall out . the band do slightly dull after some time , but it be not noticeable .
87	Jewelry	POS	5	i love my celtic knot ring from silver insanity . i have love everything i have order from this company and will certainly order from they again .
510	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a very big ring - it draw a lot of comment . it be also very comfortable to wear , and not as heavy as you might think . the ring , as some other commenter say , run large - if i have it to do over again , i would order a size smaller than i measure out at - fortunately i have a larger alternate finger to wear it on ! it be strong and durable , and pewter be a softish metal , the scratch and nick blend back in a few day on they own - you would be hard press to bend this out of shape though . great value , nice item .
465	Jewelry	POS	4	... but order a larger size than you think you 'll need , because the band be thick and since it be entirely stone there be not as much `` give '' as with a metal ring . this agate one be my favorite of the one i order , it look much neater than the picture show .
236	Jewelry	POS	5	when my mother 's wedding ring start to break , i decide not to wear it for everyday use , and so i look around for something that look good , but that would not cause i a moment 's worry if it become lose or break , or , heaven forbid , steal . i try a few different ring before settle on this one . it do not have any bit that stand up , so when my daughter and i have tickle fight , she do not get scratch , -lrb- and for that matter neither do i -rrb- , and i can wear it while cooking or cleaning without a problem . the design be gorgeous and i have get a lot of complement about it since i start wear it . i like it so much that i have promise myself someday i 'll have a real ring make that look like it . i have have it about a year now - the stone be still tight in they setting , and it be survive all kind of evil treatment because i do not ever take off my wedding ring . i do not think i could have do better for twice the money .
860	Jewelry	POS	4	this be a nice ring , with large enough piece of amber . the ring be average size on top and the design be original . the silver seem of good quality . unfortunately it be a bit too big for my middle finger . -lrb- i order a size 8 since i need a 7 ? -rrb- it come in a lovely purple box ! i would recommend it and would recommend this seller .
265	Jewelry	POS	5	this sterling silver heart solitaire\/aquamarine be of excellent quality . we grand-daughter love it ! the seller be quick with delivery , pack product well for delivery and we will use again for we jewelry source .
953	Jewelry	POS	5	i get this ring for my girlfriend as a birthday present , and she love it . the only problem she have be decide what finger to wear it on . i also really like how the order come with a catalog and a business card for future order .
495	Jewelry	POS	5	i purchase this ring during a auction & get it around $ 36 . when i get it i be really surprised that it be so cute since i wear mostly small thing & fall in love with it right away . i wear it when i be get my gall bladder remove & the one tech say that she love it , that it be really dainty . it change colors-blue in the sunlight & purple in ultraviolet lighting . nice little ring .
448	Jewelry	POS	4	ring be nice , and unique . the point do snag on thing though . and one of the `` diamond '' chip fall out but you can not really tell .
51	Jewelry	NEG	2	i be reconsider purchase anything from silver insanity . some of they silver be quality , some be not , but you will not know until you get it . this entire ring be very thin and the filigree be crooked and i can bend the ring with little effort . however , it be inexpensive and i guess i just get what i pay for .
755	Jewelry	NEG	1	i be sorry to find it look cheap . the gold be not a nice color , the gem stone much smaller than i expect . i send it back .
703	Jewelry	NEG	2	i like this item for about a month . then it start to tarnish on the silver . i use silver cleaner and a few other product , but i could not get it clean . i end up toss it . glad i do not pay that much for it .
918	Jewelry	NEG	2	even though the stone itself look really nice , pretty much identical with real diamond , the cheap setting make the whole ring look cheap . the prong be obviously asymmetric and disproportional . the band be really thin . i think even put a real diamond on this ring would look like fake .
873	Jewelry	NEG	2	in the picture the stone protrude . it be just flat . not real excite about that . and it be tiny . i be expect a little bigger .
584	Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring be not very durable . the `` sterling silver '' be very malleable . which lead i to believe it be not actual silver , but silver plate instead . the ring be pretty and i buy it to match my sister 's red garnet celtic cross necklace for she birthday , but the ring do not last more than a month .
9	Jewelry	NEG	2	i be tell that the wide of this ring be 3\/8 '' and be 1\/4 '' i realize about that until i receive it . i do not get what i want . the ring its ok .
86	Jewelry	NEG	2	ship be timely and excellent , but the ring itself be less than satisfactory . i buy it for a friend , hope that it would be a good gift for she -- and even though the silver be nice and shiny -lrb- though it do feel kind of cheap -rrb- , the fit comfortable and smooth , i be return it because the `` blue lapiz '' stick out like a wart . the picture make the stone look more embedded into the ring ... it be not . it stick out for more than a good quarter inch , and have a scratch , imperfect surface . just not aesthetically please !
533	Jewelry	NEG	2	in the picture show here the ring look big and clear with shiny diamond , but in reality it look like a fashion ring someone would by for $ 5 . i order a size 6 , which be small obviously . but the cz , they be so small and u can bearly see they , and they dont sparkle like the picture show . the metal be shiny , i like it . some people say it look cheap but that be they opinion . the delivery and packaging be excellent . it come in this cute red box and arrive in 1 week .
664	Jewelry	NEG	1	this be a beautiful ring . i wear it for 5 day & get lot of compliment . however , on the 5th day i look down & the cubic zirconium stone be miss . i wonder , after i get it , if i should have have it tighten . i do not and now i have a silver band miss the stone .
43	Jewelry	NEG	1	buy this for my daughter and it break within month . very poor quality . it look great when we get it and she only wear it to church and family outing , not to play sport .
516	Jewelry	NEG	2	silver on bottom of ring paper thin and come with mark on it . very poor quality the top of ring be nice .
773	Jewelry	NEG	1	the stone on the ring be really pretty and big which i like because i have big hand , but the gold-plating be way to bright and yellowish . the gold plate look so fake . i have the earring of this same stone and they be beautiful and the gold look so real . not happy with this ring at all . also when i order it , i never receive a receipt with it , so i can not return it .
840	Jewelry	NEG	1	arrive quickly , very pretty . set not as picture . ring only wear for two month -lrb- not for chore or anything that could harm a ring -rrb- . lost stone ! now pretty empty promise ring ! very disappoint .
985	Jewelry	NEG	1	this pill box be extremely difficult to open once it be close . and i be not some arthritic senior citizen , but a active 35 year old with good dexterity . the lid fit too tightly once it be snapped shut , and the lip of the lid be flush with the bottom piece . very aerodynamic i be sure , but you 'll break all you fingernail try to pry it open . i have to use a nail file tip to open it again . also , the craftmanship of the piece be poor in general , especially for a item of this price . the sticker inside say `` make in thailand '' , and frankly it show . save you money and look for something else .
406	Jewelry	NEG	2	design be lovely . bold with lot of sparkle . the down side be , it be start to lose it be finish . i have try clean it to no avail . if it get much worse , it will be time for the garbage can .
951	Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring its self be nice . but the thing that confuse be i be why these ring be size 10 or 9 or lower . i get the biggest size to be safe -lrb- 9 i think -rrb- , and the stupid ring look like it could barley fit a 5 year old . its as if they expect you to have skeleton size finger . theres no way the ring be a size nine if so then a size fize accord to this ring be the radius of a pencil
10	Jewelry	NEG	2	receive product promptly and a week sooner than i think . the product fit well and be comfortably . however for my liking it be not heavy enough and do not look like the picture . very little black on ring . so little it blend in and make the ring look dull and antique .
207	Jewelry	NEG	2	very pretty ring but stone fall . out three day after get it other than that the ring be very lovely wish i could get another one but scare it will happen again
666	Jewelry	NEG	1	the ring be much smaller than what it appear like in the photo . the photo give the impression that the pearl be large and slightly raise . the `` pearl '' in the ring i get be actualy set flat in to the ring and it look like cheap mother of pearl , nothing like in the photo . also the band of the ring be very thin . overall i be very disapointed and i rarely wear the ring .
434	Jewelry	NEG	2	i purchase this ring as a thumb ring and be not really thrill with it . it be inexpensive and you pretty much get what you pay for .
329	Jewelry	NEG	1	i wear this ring for a day and it look like it have be through vietnam . it fit well and look awesome at first . the scuff and dent be a little too distracting .
