index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
624	Sandal	POS	4	i like 'em . i love 'em . i want more of 'em . just really hard find the right size when a 10 or 10.5 should be common . carl
442	Sandal	POS	5	i order the sprerry , santa cruz for my husband because its the only flip flop he like . they be durable and look nice with any causal clothing . he take a size 15 but the 14 fit he fine which mean they probably run big and you should size down . when these wear down probably in around 5 year i will buy he the same pair .
980	Sandal	POS	5	i have just order my 3rd pair in 5 year all of which be still in great shape . i have 1 pair for rough usage , water etc. , 1 pair for go out to the mall etc. and have just order a pair to enjoy indoors . they be durable , look great , and super comfortable and wear well . hope sperry keep these in production ... best sandal i have ever own !!! fit be great and they be tough as nail but always look great .
1	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear these sandal for at least 30 year - i be so happy when they come out with a soft footbed !
260	Sandal	POS	5	love these sandal . my son be grow up in these , and adore they . so do i ! the medium arch support be perfect . the material do soften with use .
241	Sandal	POS	5	sell go well fast delivery . i would order again . rainbow sandal be the best ! i have buy a few other but always come back to the rainbow
306	Sandal	POS	5	product be as advertise in every way ! 14-d be what i order and that be what i receive . well construct , very light , fit great . i have receive several very positive comment from friend . i do not usually write review on anything but i have to about these . you can not go wrong . g. s. grand rapids , mi .
225	Sandal	POS	4	i love the comfort of birkenstock shoe . these have not disappointed i . i get they in timely fashion and i expect they to last as long as my last pair ... which i still use .
122	Sandal	POS	5	these be my `` go to '' sandal . always by the door for outing or just a quick trip to the bank . comfortable as always and cute .
439	Sandal	POS	4	these be nice shoe , good birkey quality . but they really do run big . i wear a us size 6 and even the size that be suppose to fit size 5 be still too big for i . order down !
337	Sandal	POS	4	we have to exchange another pair as the 10 do not fit properly . these be a great option for the new pair .
729	Sandal	POS	5	these be very comfortable sandal after break in . you need some time to make they fit , so do not buy a pair for tomorrow 's beach party . strap be very tight in the beginning . you may think they be impossible to wear tight . i recommend to get a pair in advance and wear they around house 'til they fit . i would say it 'll take about a week to make they comfortable to wear . but after they become yours , you feel like they be tailor make for you .
93	Sandal	POS	5	these sandle be for my daughter . she love they . last year she have the regular one . she love the soft bed on she new one . we definitely recommend they .
641	Sandal	POS	5	i recently purchase some of the `` keen newport h2 sandal '' , and i think they be the greatest ! i wear they almost every day . they truly be extremely comfortable and so versatile i can wear they to work , to the park and in wetland . i recommend they .
550	Sandal	POS	5	this shoe be good support and very orthopedically correct . i buy a new pair every year . i wear these sandal year around .
230	Sandal	POS	5	the amazon.com birkenstock arizona soft footbed sandal be exactly what i expect . the black color be deep and rich . the shoe fit like my other soft footbed birkenstock . the fit be perfect , price be good , and shipping be fast . no problem , great decision .
478	Sandal	POS	5	i buy my first pair of birkenstock sandal about 4 year ago on sale at the mall . they be the gizeh model , very cute . they eventually mold to the shape of my foot and become my default shoe ever since . eventually i wear out the sole , and now i be even wear out part of the cork , so i decide to buy a new pair . -lrb- i know i can get the old one repair , but i really want a pair of arizonas as well -- plus if i repair the old shoe without have a new backup pair , whatever would i wear ? -rrb- when i buy my first pair on amazon i have no idea about the different width -lrb- narrow vs. regular -rrb- . i do not even pay attention to what my old sandal have say , whether the little foot icon be fill in -lrb- indicate narrow width -rrb- or just a outline -lrb- regular -rrb- . and now all the writing be wear out in they , so i can not tell either way . i figure since i be a regular width in everything else , i 'll buy my usual size -lrb- woman 's 7.5 equal 38 in birkenstock -rrb- . so i buy a 38m at first , but that be a mistake . they be so wide on i ! and i do not buy narrow size in any other shoe . so i instead go for a 38n -lrb- which if i have read , be suitable for a-b width , and most woman 's shoe be b width -rrb- . they be perfect ! as soon as i try they on i love they . the synthetic birkibuc material be comfortable and stylish , and the stone color go with anything . my coworker even think they be leather ! and now i can totally rock that `` hippie sock with sandal '' look . so fashionable .
771	Sandal	POS	4	i have not have my keen newport h2 sandal very long , but so far i be really impressed with the comfort . they fit my wide , size 13 foot very well . yes , you can wear they hike . i test they out on a trail that include asphalt , boardwalk , fine gravel and rock . the keens do great and stay comfortable . i realize later that i be get a small heel blister , but i have not adjust the fit on that foot quite right - and i run a asphalt section of trail just to give they a good workout and they never feel uncomfortable . i can confirm what other reviewer have say - that when something get stick in they you pretty much have to take they off to get the debris out , and they be slippery on wet rock -lrb- the main reason i give they four star instead of five -rrb- , but overall they do great . i walk through a wet spring and they dry out quickly . i have not have they long enough to tell if there will be odor or durability issue , but so far i really like they and would consider other keen product .
415	Sandal	POS	5	rainbow sandal be by far and away the best sandal in the world . this be my third pair to own in the last 5 year and the only reason i ever have to buy new one be cause i finally wear through the sole . i wear these sandal all day , every single day during the summer , and for we texans , we summer be about 7 month long so i wear they a ton . in the past , i have have to `` break in '' the sandal because they be make from such sturdy leather , but with these premier leather one they be comfortable from day 1 . i will not ever buy another pair of sandal .
124	Sandal	POS	5	i be first introduce to sanuk through my daughter who surf and if familiar with all of the `` fashion '' . she want a pair of the donna 's for christmas and i start try on some of the man 's sidewalk surfer while she be out try on other clothes . i like the suv due to the thicker tread that i think would last i longer , but , after go to all of the surf shop in and around dana point , san clemente , laguna beach , i could not find the suv in size 12 . i be a little nervous at first to purchase something online that i have not try on first , but this amazon company have a good return policy . try on other sidewalk surfer , size 12 seem to fit the best so i purchase they . they come as advertise , new and in perfect condition . well package , so i be very pleased with the low price , low shipping cost , return policy and a quick delivery . once i try they on , they fit like a glove . these be the most comfortable `` shoe '' that i now own !!! i wear they everywhere now . i actually do wear they to work so i need to get some thin nylon style black dress sock . the sock be hide under the levi 's , and i do recommend sock for work . there be no `` break-in '' period as with regular shoe , so they be good-to-go right out of the box . i have a pair of ocean minded -lrb- rainbow-type -rrb- sandal that have the same sole material that have last 3 year now and be just now start to wear thru to the foam underneath , so i suspect the sanuk suv 's will last double that due to twice the material in the sole . if sanuk really want i to do a thorough product review , i be more than happy to receive a `` comp ` ed '' pair . : - -rrb- anyway , i be very happy with the purchase of these . they fit great and i be look forward to they last a long time !!!
935	Sandal	POS	5	this my second pair of birkenstock sandal in the last 6 month . these sandal be so comfortable that i buy another pair so i would have a spare pair . i be over 65 year old and i hate that i be just experience the comfort of birkenstock . i wear a narrow in shoe and the birkenstock narrow be great ! love the comfort of the soft footbed . highly recommend !
987	Sandal	POS	5	i have purchase a total of five pair of this sandal over the year , and i have two still new in the box . i live in annual fear that sperry will discontinue they . the cushy , just-right footb as well as the overall comfort and durability make these sandal a great value . they can be worn every wake minute even while walk great distance in total comfort . i always order my actual shoe size and get a perfect fit . hooray for sperry in keep old fashion , make to last value in a product that be a great performer .
949	Sandal	POS	5	the sandal be exactly as describe . i have be want to try the soft footbed since it first come out . i be happy to report they be more comfortable than the regular footbed . my local shoe store do not carry this style so i go to the internet . they arrive quickly . while they fit , i think i would go with a 41 next time as that be a true us sz 10 . i order base on another pair of arizona sandal i own .
140	Sandal	POS	4	great sandal ! there be a breakin period but once you get over that they be great .
287	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase a pair of these in 2004 -lrb- it be now 2012 -rrb- and the strap between the toe finally break . i would wear these for about 6-8 month out of the year . the only reason they break today be because i be out in some really sticky and deep mud and the suction from i pull my foot out finish they off . they be very durable as i have be hike with they , and have wear they as rigorously as any shoe . i just purchase a new pair . i remember the break-in period to be about 2 day -lrb- form the leather in between the toe -rrb- and they will float in water and water do not ruin the leather in any way that i can think . best of all these do not leave any black stuff on you foot !!
504	Sandal	POS	5	this be my first pair of sandal from keen . i have a wide foot and be skeptical i would get a good fit . they be the best sandal i have ever own . thank you keen and amazon .
928	Sandal	POS	5	these be some of the most comfortable shoe i have ever own . great for walk , hike , etc. . . highly recommend .
787	Sandal	POS	5	over 30 year he have be wear this style of birdenstock 's and just like the first year , he say they be instantly meld to he foot . so not only be the comfort level begin the first time he wear they , but we know with certainty that the quality of this product will have they last a very long time . cm
163	Sandal	POS	5	i have worn birkenstock for year now and of course my foot love they . i have issue with plantar fa . if i do not regular use my birkenstock . once i be back in they , after a few day my arch do not ache .
216	Sandal	POS	5	durable , good look and extremely comfortable -lrb- after a one to two day break in period that any good leather shoe will have -rrb- . these be simply the only flip flop that i will wear . the cushioning be good , you probably do not need the one with extra heel cushion unless you just want a slightly elevated heel .
821	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear this sandal in another color for a couple of year and love it . i be happy to find this color to add to my collection at a great price . keen be seldom find at a discount .
136	Sandal	POS	5	this lovely , high quality sandalwood soap by caswell-massey be make of natural , vegetable base product . the soap be triple-milled which mean that the soap be very hard and will last a long time . the lather be mild and creamy , leave the skin lightly scented with this special sandalwood blend . this be the larger size which be refer to as the bath soap . it be darker and have a wood grain appearance . the bath bar be larger and weigh 5.8 oz . they also carry a smaller size hand soap . it be light tan and come in the 3.25 oz -lrb- 92 g -rrb- size . i have use the hand soap as bath soap and can not tell the difference -- the scent and soap quality be the same . caswell-massey 's line of sandalwood product have be a favorite of mine for many year . the scent be so wonderful i use bar of this soap in my clothing drawer to infuse my clothing . while this blend may use other ingredient to create the blend the primary scent be the characteristic sweet woodsy fragrance of sandalwood . sandalwood be the name for a variety of tree -lrb- 19 -rrb- in the genus santalum . true sandalwood come from hawaii , australia and india . the essential oil be very expensive and the quality vary accord to the age of the tree and the species . it be naturally antibacterial which can assist in keep skin clear of blemish . the sweet woodsy aroma be calming and be use in ayurvedic medicine to treat anxiety . caswell-massey be america 's oldest apothecary establish in 1752 . they be well know for provide luxury personal care product . george washington and john adams figure among they early clientele .
430	Sandal	POS	5	this shoe fit and perform well . i highly recommend this for all around wear . excellent casual appearance . appear to wear well .
396	Sandal	POS	5	i have be a loyal birkenstock owner for year . as a kid grow up in portland , ore. , birkenstocks be the only way to go ! this be my third pair of arizona soft-footbed sandal ... it be not so much that they wear out as that , live in warm , humid florida , i find they get funky and grimy over time , and need to be resurface or retire . for the soft-footbed pair , resurfacing be almost as expensive as a new pair , so i just buy new . if you have never own a pair of birkenstocks : they feel great as soon as you put they on and the cork begin to conform to you foot within a matter of day . within a week or two , you will not want to wear anything else . the toe bar help keep you toe in position , and the cup for you arch be comfortable even for someone almost completely flat-footed like i . they 'll slip around on you foot a hair while you be walk , but if you find that it be more than a little bit , you may want to get a narrower pair . if you be wonder about the soft footbed vs. the regular footbed : i find that the soft-footbed be , obviously , more comfortable . they be better suit to wear barefoot , where the classic footbed may be for oregonian and german who like to wear they with sock . : - -rrb- on the other hand , the soft footbed get funky and need to be clean a lot sooner . my only complaint about the arizonas be that the strap over my right foot be a little too loose , and can not be make any tighter . i take they to the cobbler and have he punch a new , higher hole in the leather . these be wonderful sandal . i would not buy anything else .
781	Sandal	POS	5	this be the fifth pair of these sandal that i have own in the past ten year and i find they to be outstanding . they be comfortable , easy to walk in and keep my foot cool . i wear these sandal almost exclusively on we trip to europe every year and they be outstanding travel footwear . a slight problem be that the velcro fastener tend to wear out and they become a little hardus to fasten , but by the time this become a real issue , i have usually wear they out . i keep hear that this model have be discontinue , but i can always find they somewhere ; the last two pair be purchase from amazon , with free prime shipping .
639	Sandal	POS	4	cinch tight and my husband get a blister . once he keep they loose he do not have a problem with they .
731	Sandal	POS	5	my first pair of the keen sandal , i love they . they be very comfortable . i purchase they through amazon at a very reasonable price , they usually cost in the hundred dollar range . that be all i have to say about that !
786	Sandal	POS	5	i love my new arizona sandal . they be my favorite of all the birky 's i wear . they last forever . i wear they to work , to play , to shop , even in the horse pasture . i also wear the clog in the winter . i suggest birkenstock to everyone i know especially , those have problem with plantar fascitis . melanie
880	Sandal	POS	5	i plan on wear this show hike in costa rica . i will update this review with my experience . i want a hike shoe that could dry quickly in a humid jungle environment , offer foot protection from thorn , and offer decent sole support . about the shoe : this be really a sandal with a proper hiking sole . i be surprise by how heavy duty the sole be - nearly a inch thick , and with greater cushioning than any tennis shoe . the sole perform wonderfully well whether you be carry a 20 lb pack or walk around with no weight . the upper be extremely well construct . it will not break and be build to last . see other review for the durability of the shoe - one reviewer log 1200 mile in these . could not be happier with a shoe for hike .
940	Sandal	POS	5	this sandal be very comfortable !! break in time be less than a day , then the foot bed be `` mold '' tp fit my foot 's need . i love brikenstocks !! i can walk for hour in they ! the color be great ... it match up with so many clothing colors\/styles .
500	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase a pair two year ago and live they . my father like they so i purchase a pair for he on amazon . they be too small so i keep they for myself and buy one size up for he !
424	Sandal	POS	5	these birkenstock be great . i love the silky suede . the fit may be a little tighter than the traditional leather birk but that will even-out with wear -lrb- or a extra hole in the strap -rrb- . the seller have fast shipping and the product be as describe .
300	Sandal	POS	4	these be high quality sandal , but , at least for i , i would like the toe strap to be place just slightly more right . where my foot would naturally sit the strap fall right where my middle toe be , this lead to my foot not be entirely center on the sandal , just slightly crooked . it be not a big deal , but i have never have this issue with any other flip-flop , and have notice the same wear pattern on other people that wear rainbow flip-flop . if they change this issue i would rate these a 5\/5 and they would be the only flip-flop i would ever buy again because they meet my criterion to the letter besides that issue .
534	Sandal	POS	5	he wear out he first pair -lrb- but it take a couple of year of hard wear on the boat and dock -rrb- . he even duct tape they together until i could get he replacement - would not wear different sandal . this time i buy a spare pair !
953	Sandal	POS	5	after purchase 3 pair of keen siskiyou shoe and love they for they wear , comfort , and great fit , i decide to try the h2 sandal . have have the first pair for over a year and a half , and they be my only summer footwear . i wear they for fishing , camping , golfing , shopping , walk , and mow the lawn . they be extremely comfortable , and i just love they . i just order a second pair because i want another color . keen shoe and sandal be a little pricey , but if you shop on line you can save 20 % or more . i buy my first pair of sandal for $ 64 and my first pair of shoe for $ 54 ! the only sandal and shoe i wear be keens-stylish , comfortable , and they hold up under all condition .
948	Sandal	POS	4	my experience in find a bath-sized bar of sandalwood soap be a bit daunting . in my view , sandalwood fragrance be clean , fresh , and masculine . this latter characteristic may be the reason it be difficult to find . the larger size might contribute to its scarcity also . in any event , this soap be a extremely good cleanser that leave the skin squeaky with no soapy residue . the fragrance do not linger , and from my perspective , should be more prominant and lasting . all in all , a good product , but could be a great product with a little more fragrance .
403	Sandal	POS	5	always a great experience order my birkenstock from amazon . this be the second pair of this particular shoe i have order . love , love , love the convenience of order this product on-line . the quality be excellent and the delivery be timely especially if you be a prime member . fast service .
353	Sandal	POS	5	these be the best sandal i have ever own . they be extremely comfortable and very durable . the only problem i have be with the soft footbed . it do not seem much softer and i actually think the regular footbed be more comfortable .
589	Sandal	POS	5	this sandal be a perfect fit . i have a narrow foot and the -lrb- n -rrb- be just right width ; color be also right on the picture .
582	Sandal	POS	5	i just recently purchase the mens rainbow sandals premier leather double stack in black after purchase a mens single stack in brown 8 month before . one of the complaint i have about the single stack be that there be not sufficient support where my heel be . however , the double stack be incredible ! there be so much support and cushion that i could walk for hour and hour in they ! i will never buy single stack again . rainbow 's be the best and i will never waste my money buy any other sandal ever again ! -lrb- by the way , i be a woman who wear a size 10 in woman 's in the us . i have find that mens large rainbow fit i best because my foot be not only long , but also wide . -rrb-
46	Sandal	POS	5	love the product , but i should have order one size larger ! of course , it could be that i be so use to my older pair of zorry , thong , sandle , flip-flop , whatever you wanna call 'em , i just need to wear these new one in a bit ! nice and snug , so maybe it be just i ! nicely make and they look like they 'll last for a long time ! i love the thick sole !
712	Sandal	POS	5	this be not the first pair i have own , i do love they , but this be the best price i have ever pay . i will definitely buy they from here again . and i 'll pass the word ...
571	Sandal	POS	5	these come , as advertise , and in less time than be predict . great seller , great product ! would work with they again in the future .
964	Sandal	POS	5	great item fast shipping . will order from again . item be better then what be showen in photo . the only thing that would make they better would be if they be free .
22	Sandal	POS	5	i have have birks for 20 yr and these be the first that i have have that have the soft in-sole . i love 'em , superkawika
659	Sandal	POS	5	we grandson be a freshman at johns hopkins university . he need sandal and say all the kid rave over the rainbow flip flops and he want a pair for he birthday . he be thrill with they . thank you .
945	Sandal	POS	5	after read a couple of review , i decide to go ahead and take the chance to buy these sandal . i be afraid they would ship the wrong size -lrb- per other customer 's feedback -rrb- or that i would not like the design . i could not be happier ! the sandal arrive relatively quick , just a couple of day from the purchase date . i receive the right size and i love the design .
514	Sandal	POS	5	keen may seem a bit pricey , but they be well worth every penny . this be my second pair and the first last a good long time . i only buy a second pair because the shoebed have wear down slighly on the original and with some upcoming hike on the horizon , i decide to spring for another pair to ensure full comfort . i be keep the first pair to knock around the yard in . these be one of the only pair of shoe i have ever have that be comfortable from day one . the lace system be easy to adjust and help you get the shoe on and off quickly . i opt for webbing instead of another model that have leather because i like be able to get these shoe wet . also , the webbing seem to stretch a bit when you foot swell , so you never feel like you foot be too confine as the day go on . i have wear these shoe for sightseeing in big city and hike through the wilderness and they have never let i down .
73	Sandal	POS	5	i have worn this mephisto sandal for over 15 year and love it . have wear it all over the world and it be time to replace they . i find that the tatuis classic be not available in store . try to order from amazon and could not get the size to make sense . only 7 us and 13 us be list by every company show on google . could not find any other information on availability . need to order 2 pair , black and brown but could not . first time i have have trouble order from amazon in over 15 year .
997	Sandal	POS	5	i would recommend these sandal to anyone . they be comfortable out of the box but get even better after a week or two , can get wet without any problem -lrb- unlike some of they leather counterpart -rrb- , and look great ! what more could you ask for ?
608	Sandal	POS	4	the birkenstock arizona sandal fit my foot very well and they be cushen on the edge . i will comfortably refer they to other .
911	Sandal	POS	5	pricey ... yes . extremely comfortable , versatile and always convenient ... yes again . i have own a pair of these for about 5 year and use they extensively for everything from hike to yard work to casual footwear . they be extremely durable and protect you foot quite well . highly recommend !
746	Sandal	POS	5	excellent product as always birkenstock always be . buy for my son . we prefer the birkibuc as the leather stretch too easily . taupe color be perfect as be the fit . highly recommend .
946	Sandal	POS	4	i wear sandal 12 month out the year , and up until now i have worn  columbia men 's tango thong  the tangos only shortcome be that it be a not a good sandal when it get wet , due to the fabric insole . so i decide to try something different with a rubber insole , like these . my review will compare the two . size : i wear a 10.5 in most everything , and a size 11 be a perfect fit . i have a semus wide foot that the tango 's suit well and the santa cruz 's be slightly narrower sandal . edge to the tango style : of course very subjective , but i give the edge to the santa cruz . the boat shoe like style be too my liking . comfort : this be a major category for i . im in sandal almost every day year round . from walk all day in they to fishing in they , im just a sandal guy . the only time i wear shoe be at work . the tango have a cushier insole and more arch support then the santa cruz . the tango 's strap be also slightly more comfortable . the initial break-in of the santa cruz 's lead to irritated skin along the strap . the tango 's strap be of a softer material , while the santa cruz be tougher . walk extended period of time they be about the same , my foot never get fatigue in either . durability\/functionality : one of the main reason i get away from the tango 's be the poor wet performance due to its fabric insole . it would become water log and mushy to walk in . it also be harder to clean for the same reason . the santa cruz , with it be rubber insole , do not have this problem , yet still be comfortable and supportive . second reason for move away from the tango 's be that both pair i have the thing portion of the strap pull out the sole . not the whole thing , just the fabric overlay . they still function but look silly . the sole of the tango be thicker , hence would keep you foot dry when step in puddle and such , almost like a sole of a trail shoe . the santa cruz be not as thick and its tread be not near as aggressive for release mud\/debris . overall , if i do not need a sandal that could perform while wet , i would of stay with the tango 's . however , the santa cruz offer similar comfort with increase functionality , but have it be drawback as well .
108	Sandal	POS	5	i have a pair of they and wear they out finally they start make they again . they be the same in look and comfort
2	Sandal	POS	5	this be the second pair of these sandle that i have purchase . i wear the first pair almost everyday for close to five year . from just normal wear around the house , to camping in the mountain . i finally have to order a new pair because the sole finally wear through .
347	Sandal	POS	5	this be the best smell body wash . a friend give it to i and i immediately want to purchase a back up bottle . it be hard to find so she go and buy i two more from she local store . it be very soothing .
847	Sandal	POS	4	good flop . my bf wear a 12 and this be a little snug . probably should have go a size up , but rainbow also stretch and form to the foot . i love my woman 's rainbow .
364	Sandal	POS	4	i love these sandal have have 2 other pair but after 1 1\/2 to 2 year they start to fall apart for expensive shoe but i go back to they because they feel great .
209	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear these 300 + day a year for year now - after about 18 month they be pretty tired , so i buy another pair . few other shoe last that long for i . i could swear that they have reduce the external bulk a bit , at least in width , unless my old one just sag with age . i be not talk about the interior fit , which be still generous for width -lrb- and which i need -rrb- , but the width of the sole and therefore the visual appearance . this be a good thing . i highly recommend wear wool sock with these -lrb- reus hiker sock ideal -rrb- . yes , sock and sandal ... ignore the hater ...
69	Sandal	POS	5	i have a pair of keen sandal several year ago and really like they but the soleskept come unglued . this pair have a different sole and that will never be a problem . i have orthotic in some of my other shoe but these feel like they have good arch support right from the start . i be very satisfied with they !
650	Sandal	POS	5	i fall in love with birkenstocks when i live in germany . after 10 year of faithful service , my birk be all wear out so i go search for replacement . aside from severe sticker shock at the us price -lrb- yes - they have birkenstock outlet in germany -rrb- this source be perfect with lot of variety and choice . i be a huge fan of the soft footbed and caution woman with average width foot to buy the `` narrow '' birk instead of the regular for better fit .
611	Sandal	POS	5	great product . just as state in the description . comfortable and affordable . know they will last a long time ! buy these as a gift , but be tell how much they love they !
958	Sandal	POS	4	love the sandal except for one thing : i find the toe strap -lrb- make of leather -rrb- to be relatively wide and stiff , therefore somewhat uncomfortable . it be possible the strap will soften and\/or my toe will toughen up as they break in . -lrb- my foot be pretty sensitive . -rrb- they be quite comfortable otherwise though , and very well make .
530	Sandal	POS	5	pretty happy with these . i would buy they again . i mostly use they indoors , so not sure how they would stand up to rugged daily outdoor use . be wear they every day around the house now for almost a year . so far , so good .
336	Sandal	POS	5	a excellent flip flop aka . thong . this be my second pair . first pair last three year . definitely recommend . i would buy again .
930	Sandal	POS	5	i have discover that many of roger et gallet soap do not trigger my allergy . i love the sandalwood and the extra vieille . i keep the sandalwood in my guest bathroom , and i use the extra vieille personally . well worth the money .
674	Sandal	POS	5	these be the most comfortable flip flop i have ever own -lrb- my third color own -rrb- . word of caution , they take time to break in , do not wear out on a long day trip or concert , you foot will pay the price . once break in will absolutely love .
416	Sandal	POS	5	this be my first birken actually , i use to think that they be too hard to wear and that i would hate they . well , give it 1 week so it fit perfectly you foot contour and i promise you will not take it off again . i spend my whole summer wear it all the time . it be very comfortable , it go with anything i be wear and it be very light in the foot . it be half a size larger actually , so keep that in mind when you order it ! all in all , i would buy it again !
512	Sandal	POS	4	i get these for my boyfriend who already love sanuk ... he wear these everywhere . the suv have better tread than the other sanuk , and be better in icy condition .
754	Sandal	POS	5	these have become my go to shoe in summertime . this be my first parus of keen shoe and i bout a second pair base on how happy i be with these . you can ; t go wrong with these .
939	Sandal	POS	5	i be a woman 's size 7 and i buy a pair of these in a small man 's size because i hear the woman 's rainbows be too narrow . these fit really great . i can not testify as to whether or not they mold to you foot -lrb- like the leather one -rrb- because i have only have they a day , but they do not seem to have the really horrible , painful break-in period like the leather one do . these be comfortable to wear right out of the package and do really well when they be wet -lrb- no slip and slide -rrb- . my fiance have a pair of the leather rainbow that he be be wear for 7 year and keep knock i for get a rubber pair but i have a feeling that this pair will be much more comfortable for i .
134	Sandal	POS	5	i have have a lot of different type of flip flop , and these rainbow with the thicker sole be the best . all rainbow product be very high quality and very durable , but the thicker sole in these be great if you wear they all the time - they 'll last longer , and they be way more comfortable . i have even do short jogging spurt in these , which would usually result in bruised heal in any other standard thin-soled sandal , but my rainbow keep my foot happy - all day , every day ! rainbow have a life-time guarantee on all of they product , so if you ever wear through a pair , they will replace they .
488	Sandal	POS	4	this sandal have the potential to be very comfortable , but there be definitely a not-so-comfortable `` break in '' period to work through at first . now that i be near the end of break it in , it be promise to be a sandal i wear regularly . i originally purchase the exact sandal in a woman 's large -lrb- in accordance with my foot and typical shoe size -rrb- , but opt for the man 's medium because it offer a wider fit that be more agreeable to my foot size . overall , glad i make the purchase . just do not be discourage by the initial discomfort .
386	Sandal	POS	4	time of arrival be great ! condition be good ! cd would not install though , just have file of past work ! luckily , i do not think i 'll need it though . overall , worth it though ! thanks !
782	Sandal	POS	4	got these for my son as a gift , he love they . they do tend to run a little small but look and quality be great .
971	Sandal	POS	5	purchase these for my husband who have wear he other pair for several year . they fit well and be good lookin ' too . .
248	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these for my dad as a birthday gift and he say these be the best pair he have for awhile , they be very comfortable and easy to clean .
26	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these for my husband after buy several cheaper sandal that we have replace over the year . so far they be hold up great and he state that they have already mold to he foot . would purchase again .
204	Sandal	POS	5	i originally purchase these for use on a boat - after have be witness to friend slash the bottom of they foot open on anchor , it be make clear to i how necceseary it be to have close toe sandal with grip that will protect my foot from the anchor , broken beer bottle , etc. . i have very wide foot , and these be awesome for i , no blister on my bunion ! on the flip side , my mom have narrow foot , also purchase a pair of these and can adjust to she foot size as well . the bottom of these be very wide - which be great for my shape , and help for my mom stability when walk . i have also take these hike , run , everything - i have do everything with these shoe , they be sooo sturdy , wet , dry , rock , anything , these be amazing - if you have any need to protect you foot or if you want a sturdy sandal that mold to you foot , get these !
183	Sandal	POS	5	i finally decide to pay up and get the rainbow and i be glad i do . after year of wear off brand flip flop around the beach these be definitely superior . they take a bit to break in and after a little pain they be very comfortable . not the cheapest but you get what you pay for , top quality leather and construction with a lifetime guarantee !!!
96	Sandal	POS	5	this be a great product . i be not a small guy and for a `` performance sandal '' to remain comfortable for hour at a time be a real accomplishment . the product be comfortable with a nicely shaped footbed , and once you adjust the tightness , you forget that you have it on . great to walk on the boardwalk , wear to the mall shopping , to the movie , whatever destination that you choose . one of the best footwear purchase that i have make . i have a hard time find truly comfortable shoe because i have a narrow foot and underpronate . this be super .
324	Sandal	POS	5	these be wonderful quality , upkeep with just saddle soap . the color be a pleasant dark gray and go with everything . i have many pair of birkenstock sandal and these fit the same as all the other . i have back problem and appreciate the great foot support of these sandal .
50	Sandal	POS	4	i come from use surfer thong sandal . when these arrive they do not smell . the left one fit very snug and require a little extra walk to be break in . i now use they everyday very comfortable
954	Sandal	POS	4	shoe come fast but the be half size too big . shoe be comfortable ! i really like they . the only dilemma be that they do not look as pretty .
823	Sandal	POS	5	rainbow make great sandal and the double layer heel make they extra comfy . look good and feel even better . this be my 3rd pair of rainbows but the first time i have wear the double layer and its awesome .
921	Sandal	POS	4	these sandal be excellent . they be comfortable and easy to take on and off without feeling that they be about to slide off of you foot . i have hear good thing about keen sandal and these have prove they to be true . i would highly recommend they
966	Sandal	POS	5	this be the best pair of sandal i have ever own , period ! i will defiantly buy another pair when these be wear out !
447	Sandal	POS	4	perfect shoe for outdoors , just hose they off and they look great . this be my second pair and they last a long time . the price be very good .
713	Sandal	POS	5	have have these shoe for several week now , great boat shoe , beefy enough you can put you foot down on that big snapper that be flip around in the back of the boat and feel that you foot will be protect . no scuff mark in the boat . great for wade fishing , i walk out into the grass bed here in the intercoastal of the florida panhandle and these shoe be work great . easy on and off , dry pretty fast . i have a pair of speedo water shoe before these , they stink . the eyelet in the speedo have all rust and be pull through , spend the money and get a better pair with these keen .
842	Sandal	POS	5	yes the inside of my toe be actually bleed in the beginning but this be my 4th pair and after break in i would not trade they for anything , these thing last forever too
684	Sandal	POS	5	great pair off sandal . the one or two week break in be not fun , but well worth the wait .
827	Sandal	POS	5	very happy with the product . it be what be expect and the service be excellent .
815	Sandal	POS	5	these flop be a little more money but worth be , my other half go thru 2\/3 cheap pair a season or they break apart , he be on the 2nd summer and still go strong ! when these wear out he will be get a third pair . i get 2 last year because i never think they would hold up i be wrong ! he say they be comfy and still feel good on he foot !!! thanks rainbow !!! you will be he flop of choice from now on !!!
294	Sandal	POS	5	i love these shoe , they be very well make , gorgeous look and very comfortable . i purchace this same style and brand 2 year ago and they be my every day sandal . this pair will be my dress-up pair .
727	Sandal	POS	5	sandal be comfortable and durable . you can literally feel the quality when you put they on . they be a little tight for the first couple day until you break they in , and after that they be amazing . i would buy they again in a heartbeat . you will not regret this purchase !
125	Sandal	POS	5	a staple in we family . love rainbows , last forever . buy they for we son , this be he 5th pair , we all also own a pair
228	Sandal	POS	5	i really love keen sandal . this would be my second pair , and i have every intention to buy more . if you have never own a pair and be consider keen - you will not be disappoint . lightweight , comfortable , sturdy construction and easy slip-on design - these be a perfect pair of sandal to go anywhere . i will admit that they can run a little pricey if you be pay full msrp , but if you be lucky enough to catch they on sale , you should do it . once they go on sale , they tend to go quickly - especially here on amazon . even with the full price tag , i be give they 5 star because keen make the best sandal out there .
919	Sandal	POS	5	i buy a pair for a kauai and maui trip last march . i end up wear they everywhere for everything . i try they on in a shoe store so i get a perfect fit , which i highly recommend . i wear a size 10 normally and i have wide foot . these be 9 1\/2 and fit i perfectly . it be a little bit of effort to put they on and i normally do not cinch they down . if i be hike or need they totally solid for hike and the like , then i tighten they down . they be very comfortable either way . i stop notice they at all after a day or two . obviously they will not give ankle support , but for day hike with a day pack they be perfect . they be just right for hawaii , which be so humid and muddy . i be constantly hose off my shoe . throw they in the wash machine and they look new again . they like any kind of fresh or salt water activity and they be very durable and of course very protective of you toe . i think they look very good , too . i put they on over thin nylon sock and then directly into my fin for snorkeling , since my fin have a large foot bed . just put on you fin and take off you fin . it be so convenient . the only complaint i have be that i do notice some foot odor , even though they be synthetic , after two week of daily use . i think my foot be probably less stinky than most people , but give the constant humidity and wet environment in a closed toe shoe , i do not blame the shoe and it be not that bad of a problem . you can just throw they in the wash machine when they start to smell , too . i still wear my old super durable and comfortable teva 's for everyday stuff , but for anything else , short of backpacking , i put on my keen h2 's and forget about my foot .
810	Sandal	POS	5	imagine my surprise when i find the exact copy of my favorite -lrb- of the past twenty year -rrb- birkenstock sandal ... even with the same markings\/numbers !! they walk i to church , store , work - everywhere ... so comfortable and great look , too . thanks , birkenstock and amazon .
113	Sandal	POS	5	i love my rainbow sandal . i have my last pair for 5 year and have never find a more perfect pair of sandal . i wear they every day here in colorado , sun or snow and they be great . buy they .
172	Sandal	POS	5	great deck shoe with good non-slip bottom and design for the serious sailor , where they can get wet ... and keep go . the only sandal that keep you toe in place when you be trip over genoa track-car and deck-cleat .
854	Sandal	POS	4	they be wonderful - he say it just take a while to break they in to you own specific foot . they hurt the first few day , but love they now . they be a gift to my son .
844	Sandal	POS	4	very impressive sandal . . fit comfortably on you foot . . size run about half-size bigger . . a couple of year back i order a pair of size 7.5 m timberland barnstead trail shoe and they fit nicely . .
649	Sandal	POS	5	a excellent price for this purchase . fit be perfect , and we be well satisfied . will be order more in the future .
221	Sandal	POS	4	i buy these for cool comfort in the summer when a little more than a open air sandal be require . they work well . they be light and do not make my foot sweat like some shoe without sock do .
75	Sandal	POS	5	this be my secound pair . i tear the other and have to get another . i need comfortable shoe for fishing tournament . great fishing shoe !!!!
152	Sandal	POS	5	my boyfriend and i have match pair . i purchasae 41m and they be a tad wider than i expect but that be ok . the soft footbed be harder than birki soft footbed and i still love they .
645	Sandal	POS	5	this be my son second pair and he have let i know how much he love they . the quality be great ! the last pair last 4 year !
80	Sandal	POS	5	i have this one before and worn up . need a new and same one because it be perfect for my foot - comfortable ,
109	Sandal	POS	4	i buy these for someone else and although try to match they size with the size chart give the sandal be a little too small . i would definitively get a bigger size next time especially since they be flip flop . they last forever and really be great value for money . they do take some time to break in and until then they seem a little uncomfortable . i be tell that they be worth the temporary discomfort !
456	Sandal	POS	5	i love these sandal , i wear they everyday that i do not have to wear work shoe . easy to break in and super comfortable
595	Sandal	POS	4	i have be wear this shoe for several month now , and my only complaint be that it be a very wide shoe . so wide , you would think it be unisex sizing . the problem be the footb itself . even though you can cinch the upper and the shoe be secure on you foot , you can not cinch it up so you foot can not slide sideways inside it . otherwise , it be easy on\/off , secure tread -- never slip on dock yet . and it would be fine for woman w\/wide foot who would ordinarily buy a man 's athletic shoe . also seem very durable .
150	Sandal	POS	5	i love these for feeling like i be dance barefoot yet they give the right amount of slip for a spin without be too slippery . highly recommend . everyone in my belly dance class always ask about these !
426	Sandal	POS	5	my foot love they right out of the box ! you can take off the heel strap and use they for `` slip on '' but for `` off road '' use the heel strap .
289	Sandal	POS	4	i purchase these for my husband . he have a pair like they year ago and want another pair . he say the adissage piece be hurt he foot more than massage they so we scrape those off of the shoe and he wear they all of the time now .
116	Sandal	POS	5	i bowfish in the summer , so i be in and out of the water a lot . get a pair of these sandal and could not be happier . you get all the benefit of wear a pair of sandal in the summer , plus the toe protection of regular shoe . they dry quickly and be comfortable to wear all day long .
829	Sandal	POS	4	very comfortable . arrive quicker than i expect . price be right . you can not ask for anything more than that unless they be free .
672	Sandal	POS	5	i originally buy these sandal think that in some way -- some how , they would come to i in the mail look like rainbow brights boot , and the product picture be a mistake . alas , when i receive my shoe in the mail , they be not rainbow bright boot , they be indeed a pair of hemp lady rainbow sandal and the product picture have not be off at all . the picture show be the exact shoe you get in the mail , and the product description be not at all deceptive -- they truly be single layer , natural , medium -lrb- 6.5-7 .5 -rrb- hemp women rainbow sandal -- perhaps i shoulve read the description a bit closer before i buy they . anyways , they be truly a lovely sandal and should get i through these next couple of month just fine . i have have they for about a month or so now and they have hold up well -- the imprint of my foot be take form on the sandal at a rapid rate and should fit my high arched foot perfectly within the next few week . would buy again .
200	Sandal	POS	5	this be the first pair of birkenstocks i have own - and it will not be the last . the sort footb be appeal to i . i be advise -lrb- by a birkenstock lover -rrb- to start with short wear and increase the amount of time worn until my foot get use to the footbed . i wear they for about three hour the first time and i realize what my friend be talk about . it be too long . my arch hurt . she assure i i would get use to they if i start slow , add time to each wear - and then i could wear they all day without a problem . she be right . i have flat , pronated foot that require support . these sandal seem to work well .
460	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love these . he be a outdoorsman and be very picky about flip flop . these be he favorite ... have 5 pair .
461	Sandal	POS	5	i get these shoe a month ago to wear to work since i want sandal but the dress code dictate shoe much have a covered toe and heel strap . i do not think i have take they off since ! the only drawback for i be that they be not really comfy for walk long distance -lrb- over a mile . -rrb- i start to get blister . but for every day wear they be fabulous !
16	Sandal	POS	5	as of this writing , 28 5-star -lrb- now 29 -rrb- review can not be wrong - thank you amazon community ! i be in the market when my old skechers sandal tear , which have previously replace some old nike sport sandal that gradualy become too loose\/stretched out . after read here that some people have have they for 5 year and such and some have multiple pair , i put my faith in the amazon community and order a pair . the size be right-on and the comfort and fitment feel great . flip-flops\/sandals be never ideal footwear to run in , but i feel it be a good testament , that these fit so well i could emergency-run in they if i choose to . -lrb- you never know when some angry chihuahua be go to go for you ankle ! -rrb- ; - -rrb- if i try to run in my old skechers or nike sandal , i would most definitely trip or they would fly off after a couple of stride . reasonable price , high quality , ultra-comfortable , good sizing and fitment , great review to back it up - a easy 5 stars !
892	Sandal	POS	4	this be my 2nd pair of keen shoe and they fit nicely and dry quickly when they get wet . they dont slip off when you submerge you foot in the water also .
358	Sandal	POS	5	best sandal i have ever buy !!! great for the river . do not get they big ... better to fit just right , they will mold to you foot . for example , i usually wear size 10.5-11 shoe . the first pair i buy be size 11 . they work great , but i always feel they might be a little big . on the next purchase i get 10.5 and they really work well , even with sock on !
482	Sandal	POS	5	great buy . the seller do e-mail i when the shipping be go to be push back so that be very nice to know . the shoe be in great condition and i be very happy with they .
283	Sandal	POS	5	these thing be build tough ! they be very comfortable to wear in bare foot , and with black sock they look like nice outdoor shoe instead of sandal . very good protection from the heavy rubber toe -lrb- better than any of my normal shoe -rrb- . i be thrill !
999	Sandal	POS	5	i now have two pair of these great shoe . the velcro strap be essential for a old guy like i , because when i try to bend over and tie lace , my face get so red that my wife think i be have a heart attack . they fit perfectly , and be by far my most comfortable footwear -lrb- not count barefoot , which i like best of all -rrb- .
553	Sandal	POS	4	so , after year of avoid buy these sandal like all of the other preppy jerk at my small liberal art college , i finally give in after graduation . this add yet another strike to my eventual demise into poserdom . before this , i swear against expensive sunglass , bright-colored polo shirt , and even carry a cell phone . i must say that this all begin with umbro and sweatpant . when i be 7-12 year old , i only wear umbro and sweatpant , despite mock cry from my peer . at some point in the 7th-8th grade -lrb- shockingly around the time i discover a appreciation of the female body -rrb- , i give in and start wear levi 's and boss jeans to school . pretty much the spit image of cool . i even cut down my wearage of nba jersey . i know , it be hard to imagine a time when the lady be not go crazy for jerry stackhouse pistons jerz . give up on sweatpant kill i a little inside , and i have be die a slow death one cut at a time as i adopt another trend . so , in summation , thanks a lot all you woman out there for make i wear comfortable leather sandal , you self-righteous man-killer . anyway , in more product-review news , these thing be absolutely awful to break in . literally , it take month , and i do know the definition of `` literally '' . my girlfriend just make i throw away my 4-year old pair and buy a replacement , and my foot now look like size 13 swiss cheese . thanks again .
865	Sandal	POS	5	the most wonderful thing about rainbow sandal be that they form to you foot and hold up to abuse . they hurt sooo bad the first time or two you wear they but once they form to you foot and get break in - oh my - it be like slip on you favorite slipper . they be so soft and velvety ! despite the sterotype that come with live in charleston , sc which go hand in hand with wear rainbows - i eventually break down and buy they after other brand kept wear down - we wear flip flop 12 month of the year here . i have be so impressed . my husband blow through flip flop in a day - wear they in the ocean , leave they out in the rain ... he get 2 pair of rainbows for christmas - this will be the ultimate test - i really hope to be able to return one pair !!
566	Sandal	POS	5	great sandal . comfortable , good-looking and long lasting . rainbow sandal be the kind of sandal that you can wear everyday of the year and they age gracefully . what more can you ask for ?
755	Sandal	POS	5	these be the rainbow thong sandals with great comfort and strap and arch support . these be very comfortable-right away-no break in time ! the toe strap be pad and very supportive of you foot-no discomfort here . at last , rainbow quality with immediate comfort . if you have wide foot , these will fit very well . i be and everyday thong sandal user , and comfort and support be a must . as with all thong sandals , order -lrb- 1 -rrb- size larger than you would usually wear , for true flip flop comfort . buy today\/enjoy !!
801	Sandal	POS	4	this be my 2nd pair of the birkenstock cozumel silky toe thong . i find they very comfortable and really find the taupe a useable neutal color . i really appreciate be able to find a narrow by from order from amazon . this size be hard to find . my only complaint about the shoe be the suede over the toe strap seperate on both this shoe and my prior pair . i have be wear birkenstock for 10 + year . i have a injured arch and i begin wear they at my doctor 's recommendation . i have several style and would not be without they , arch problem or no arch problem . i wear other type shoe very rarely
376	Sandal	POS	5	good stuff ! ship fairly fast and feel awesome , after that initial week of discomfort ...
845	Sandal	POS	5	keen shoe be really keen . i have not mail-ordered shoe before , but these fit perfectly and be outstanding . the waterproof feature make they wearable in any condition .
59	Sandal	POS	5	by far , the best thing i ever put on my foot . bought my first pair over four year ago and my cat immediately decide they be the enemy . he leave some pretty deep tooth mark on the side of the sole . no big deal , i think , because like most thong sandal they probably will not last that long . four year later , i be still explain why `` those sandal you wear constantly '' have feline inflict battle wound . if those sandal be a truck , they would have make it 750,000 mile before crump . do i forget to mention they be comfortable ? ohhhh , yeah . bottom line - buy they , you 'll like they . ps - i have a new , much more sane cat who be live with my new pair of sperry sandal in peace . now if he would just quit sharpen he claw on my leather furniture ...
232	Sandal	POS	4	you buy this because you see it everywhere . to i its not really any different than any other sandal . its convenient and it do look better than wear a pair of foam one though .
356	Sandal	POS	5	simply the most comfortable shoe -- not just sandal -- i have ever own . have a great built-in insole . fit my flat , surgically repair foot perfectly . i wear they to work , to play and everywhere else . i will buy this shoe as long as it be make -- and then i will be sorry it be no more ... ... ...
661	Sandal	POS	5	these be pricey but where i live , i wear sandal all but 3 month a year . i check around for a better price but with the free shipping and no tax , amazon could not be beat . when i first put they on they feel great and fit my foot well . i do not like the natural leather look as i seldom wear brown so i dye they blue . they now look like dress sandal . if you want well make sandal , these be it .
915	Sandal	POS	5	this my son 's second pair of rainbow . he say that they be a bit difficult to break-in at first , but when they be break in they be the most comfortable `` flop '' that he have worn .
210	Sandal	POS	5	i get my first pair a long time ago and i be not even sure where . i only use they in the summer so they last many more year than any other shoe -lrb- of course they good craftsmanship and quality help -rrb- , but the sole be just about flat . i be so happy when i decide to do a search and find they on amazon . they be just as good quality and comfortable as the first one , but with sole . the sole give they great traction and a nice comfy feeling when you walk . i love these shoe ! i be tempt to order two . the size i order -lrb- same size as before -rrb- fit the first time so i do not have to try the return and reorder process , so everything be a snap for i .
404	Sandal	POS	5	i buy this sandal for my son in law for he birthday . he have be ask for they for a while , so he be very excite when he receive they . he say that they be sooo comfortable . and i like this olive\/grey . it ge with eerything .
151	Sandal	POS	5	i have be wear these for year , i will not buy any other brand of sandal . either these or some other variation of rainbow brand hemp sandal . the natural colorway get too dirty , and the black one do not look as nice . these brown hemp sandal look great , and be easy to clean . the biggest advantage of hemp to the leather rainbow sandal , i think be way less \* smell \* after wear they for a long period of time . there be hardly any at all . i will keep buy these , wear they out -lrb- take forever -rrb- , and buy they again . until one of we , that be , the sandal or i - be not around anymore .
676	Sandal	POS	5	excellent service and fast shipment !
219	Sandal	POS	4	great product . love the way it hold the foot -lrb- snug -rrb- . only draw back be that it make my foot sweat on hot day , my foot never sweat in other shoe . better as a fall shoe than summer .
621	Sandal	POS	5	awesome sandal . they be a little stiff at first but break in after only a day or two of wear . seam like they will last a long time though .
660	Sandal	POS	5	i have rainbow myself and as a girl , i can stand pain for fashion . my fiance however be another story . he say they be comfy but he can not stand the breaking in process . they be really tight at first and give he blister from wear the sandal too long . but now he love he rainbow !
302	Sandal	POS	5	i have own this product for almost a week now . at first , the sandal strap -lrb- where the top of you foot make contact with the strap -rrb- be extremely tight , and i could barely fit my foot in they . even the thong area become sore even though i wear sandal almost every day . this be extremely uncomfortable and quite painful . i read that these sandal take a bit of time to break in until they feel comfortable . still , i be unsure , because it be fit so uncomfortably tight . after battle through two day of break they in , they finally fit comfortably , and i be glad i stick with they . everyone i know who own a pair of rainbow highly recommend it because of how long they last . i hope to wear these until they completely wear out .
647	Sandal	POS	5	i purchase a pair of these sandal about 3 week ago on sale at a sport store , and so far i have take they on about 3 or 4 good hike and they have be awesome . i actually suffer from really bad heel pain from tightness in my calf and so far these sandal have almost eliminate any long walk pain i might suffer from due to the great arch support and the soft foot pad . the sandal fit very well , i wear a 11 and purchase a 11 in the sandal and they fit perfectly . i do not have any issue with dye wear off on my color and the glue and stitching , so far , seem very secure . the tie seem to hold pretty well at present and the sandal be very easy to take on and off with or without be tight to the foot . all in all i have very pleased with this purchase . if i have to complain about anything at the moment i would have to say that the heel strap and arch support do take some get use to . i just have to tough it through a little foot soreness at first until my foot get use to they . but this be my first kind of these sandal i have ever own . also , i notice that my little toe have the potential to be rub a little sore on the top due to the placement of the opening above the toe . however , i do have oddly shaped foot with much longer big toe than little toe so that could be the problem ... and these sandal will get stinky , so buy some deodorizer , otherwise you family will leave you at home when they go place . in conclusion , i really like these sandal .
938	Sandal	POS	5	i buy these as a wet-weather alternative to my leather birkinstock . they be only available in the narrow footprint - not my preference but work out great nevertheless . i wear they on a vacation in new orleans during the hurricane season , walk mile and mile in they every day with no blister . i wear they when the grass be heavy with dew in the morning . i wear they to get in and out of my kayak . would not want to be without they . have they for wet condition will help keep my leather , more expensive , birkinstock in better shape longer .
370	Sandal	POS	5	i use to go to the shoe store to buy the same sandal . once i find how easy it be to purchase online i will not go to the store anymore . ship early !
737	Sandal	POS	5	the sandal come in a timely manner . they be exactly what i order and the person that i order they for say they fit and feel great !
932	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love these shoe !!! much more comfortable than the hard bed original and a great price !!! you will not be disappointed !!
455	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair of birkenstock sandals and the only kind of sandal i can comfortably wear . i love they .
317	Sandal	POS	5	i be look for some sandal there be water proof . i have own a bunch of other leather rainbow sandal but find they do not do well when they get even a little wet . these sandal hit the spot for just in time for my beach vacation . they be pretty comfortable but not as nice as the leather . i find they dry quickly and be not at all slippery on possibly slippery surface . i do not remember see on any of the tag if these have a lifetime warranty like the leather version .
533	Sandal	POS	4	these sandale be fantastic ! pro : comfortable after break in , look good . con : long break in time -lrb- week -rrb- strap rub and can cause callouse
295	Sandal	POS	4	very well , the product be ok , nice handling and shipping . the customer be very happy with the package . the black be a perfect choice , thanks
633	Sandal	NEG	1	order size large 9-5 10-5 i ware a 9-5 shoe these sandal would fit a small boy !!!!!!!!! waste of money !
406	Sandal	NEG	1	i buy a pair of these exact same shoe -lrb- size 10 -rrb- 2 year ago . they last two whole year and be still very wearable . i have just wear the tread off . i order a new pair with great confidence , and wait for delivery . that be where the pro end . the pair i receive in the mail be much much smaller , and two different size ! the left one do fit , very tightly , but i figure it be because they be new . the right one do not fit at all . i compare they to each other and the two shoe be different size . they be both marked us size 10 . i then compare they to the old one that be considerably larger and also marked us size 10 . my old one be also mark as make in the u.s.a. and the new one be from china . i call a friend that have also recently buy a pair of keen shoe from rei.com . they be two small for he as well , and he say one be smaller than the other ... keen , what have happen ? you go from awesome to lame in two year ? i will not be buy anymore keen product anytime soon . i have return these shoe to amazon , and can not review these as positive in any way .
855	Sandal	NEG	2	i buy these to take to jamaica . i have read all the review and they sound like a great pair of shoe . i put they on and in a few minute of just stand my foot be hot . i could not believe how hot my foot get just stand in one place . i walk back and forth across the room and my foot be cool as long as i be walk . the the footbed of the shoe be hard and slightly pebbley . after i take they off the bottom of my foot be tender . i be a little disappointed in they . since the shoe be not cheap i decide to return they . that same day i order a pair of teva omnium shoe . the tevas arrive a few day latter and i love they . my recommendation be pass on these shoe and for about the same money buy a pair of tevas .
556	Sandal	NEG	1	i find out a month a foot problem with the arch of my feet . the birkis really help . i really like this style , but after wearing them for one week they start fall apart . its like they have a coating of material that be peeling off . thats why im sending them back .
362	Sandal	NEG	2	i have a pair of leather rainbow for about 2 year , but they start to crack . i decide to try the hemp one , read good thing . they be definitely comfortable and have hold up well except for one thing ... they wreak ! i do not have dirty foot and my other shoe do not smell at all , but these thing be embarrassing . i would recommend pay the extra $ 10 and get leather sandal , you will not regret it !
548	Sandal	NEG	1	very disappointed . these be be return because they be not german make birkinstocks , they be stamp on the bottom make in china -lrb- with usa and a number on the footbed ... would that be a patent number ? -rrb- . although the foot bed may be shape like a original birki there be not enough height from the foot bed to the strap esp . on one sandal -lrb- ? -rrb- . they also appear to be make for the thin foot . i wear the caribbean make in germany waterproof sandal and have several pair . i highly recommend they for comfort and durability . the amazon description of the waikiki lead i to believe i be get german birkenstock sandal , make in germany . i do not see china any where in the amazon description , do i miss it ? i do not buy make in china shoes\/sandals and would never ever have order these have i have accurate info .
40	Sandal	NEG	1	since these be the most expensive i think they would be the best , triple stack . wrong . the strap be just uncomfortable and create friction burn in several different part of my foot . other flip flop do not do this . i be disappointed and would like to return they .
457	Sandal	NEG	1	adissage be total crap ! i have be a exclusive adida customer for many year and be completely piss ! the footbed of these sandal come apart with minimal , around the house wear in under 3 month , besides they be not that comfortable . adida have no desire whatsoever to replace they or acknowledge the crap quality . i be so piss that i will never buy adida product again . -lrb- ... -rrb- , ok , but i have spend thousand on adida product over the year and deserve better treatment over a crap , cheap product . pass on these and buy some birkenstock !
918	Sandal	NEG	1	i buy these think the little adissage would feel nice but after try they the first time my foot be in pain after 30 minute . then i try to wear they again another day but with thicker sock and find that i could only last 1 hour walking in they . what i would compare they to be walk bare foot on small pebble if you can handle that and enjoy it then these be for you but if you have sensitive foot like i do you might want to buy the non-adissage .
655	Sandal	NEG	1	i buy these for my son but return they because the peg that make up the sole of the sandal hurt he foot . he will not wear they .
498	Sandal	NEG	2	these be my first birkenstock i own , i have buy the `` knock-off '' brand before and be halfway successful ... my judgement : i would rather spend $ 10 on fake , than $ 40 + + + on these real one . they be not as comfortable as i have hear , nor be they any nicer than the fake . big waste of money . the only thing i like be the silver color they come in ...
622	Sandal	NEG	2	i return the pair i buy - size run way smaller than normal - you be best to try they on for size in a regular walk-in store first
967	Sandal	NEG	1	adidas make some great shoe . so i think these adidas sandal would be great , too ! the concept be intriguing : hundred of little `` nub '' be suppose to `` massage '' you foot as you walk . these nub , however , be make of hard rubber , and it be like walk over gravel barefooted ! the nub be too hard and space too widely apart to support the bottom of you foot without uncomfortable pressure ! maybe if you be that kenyan marathon runner who run barefooted and have callus a inch thick on the bottom of he foot and wear these sandal , you would feel comfortable in they . but if you foot be `` tender '' and you be not use to go barefooted , these sandal be guarantee to make you feel like you be walk over sharp object ! the nub , of course , be not sharp enough to penetrate you skin , but they do not feel good to sensitive foot ! i think these sandal would make my foot feel better , but after a hour i take they off and go back to my regular sandal for wear around the house . these should be redesign to have `` fatter '' nub . these nub be more like blunt nail ! you would not think so just to look at they , but on you foot these sandal be a different matter ! if you want to massage you foot , do it yourself or find a friend willing to help you out , but skip these sandal !
188	Sandal	NEG	1	great concept , but poor quality . tear apart at the seem after one use ; a moderate 8 mile hike in the wood . these would be such a better product have they have better craftsmanship . definitely not worth $ 100 if you plan on do any actual hike with they .
843	Sandal	NEG	1	birkenstock madrid birko-flor sandal my birkenstock size be 37 , but when these shoe arrive , they be waaay to big . size evidently vary with style ??? amazon be so great . the return be super easy and my refund be promptly handle .
955	Sandal	NEG	1	today be a first and only day i put these shoe on - and it will be the last one indeed . poorly , ill design product , horrible sole that twist foot with every step - i wish i try it on sooner - now i can not even return it . really bad product . p.s. and that be not even get to the part where i will have to say that `` leather '' look like cheap plastic they use for packaging and it shine just the same , and smell ... omg ! have to admit - that be my first ever stacy adams and i will happily get back to cole haan and allen edmonds - as always you get what you pay for ...
293	Sandal	NEG	1	the rainbow sandal i order be very , very narrow . i be send they back and will look for another brand of sandal .
490	Sandal	NEG	2	i really like these when my daughter give they to i for christmas ... great fit and comfortable . i work in the bahamas so they get wear a few hour every day after work . the toe strap up front snap in 6 month and even though i wear they alot , i usually get a year to year and a half out of other brand . they be probably fine if you do not use they much , but i be go to replace they with something of higher quality .
588	Sandal	NEG	2	low-quality shoe . the bottom of the shoe will break in less than 6 month for sure . do buy several pair because it be cheap -lrb- -lrb- $ 25\/pair -rrb- and then throw each pair away after the bottom of the shoe break totally . not recommend .
901	Sandal	NEG	1	comfy , look good , but strap break in under six month on three pair so far . very disappointed and will be look for other alternative that last better .
63	Sandal	NEG	1	give this as a gift think it would be a sturdy and well make alternative to the cheapo flip-flop . manage to tear up my boyfriend foot - try to break they in all summer to no avail . they be just really not flexible and whatever they be make of rub on skin the wrong way . a waste of money .
768	Sandal	NEG	2	i be not to conviced but i be talk into get they by my girl as she hear they be great shoe . i wear they for a week or two and love they . great sandle but then the stitch start to come apart . i 'll sew they up myself . almost do not pay to have to ship they off this time .
499	Sandal	NEG	2	toe strap break after just two summer of wear !!!! bought sperry for the brand quality reputation very disappointed . . i guess this seem to be a current problem for this product though .
