index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
855	Headphone	POS	5	i have always be a bose fan ever since we purchase the original 3-2-1 -lrb- 2.1 -rrb- dvd system . i purchase this pair because i accidentally `` destroy '' a pair of considerably cheaper skullcandy earbud . pro : decently price when compare to they next closest competitor supurb sound quality seem like they be build to last the earbud tip fit my small ear perfectly and will not fall out no matter what i do the plug be angle to fit almost any device con : they be not free ! be it a con not to find any con ??? all in all , i be way beyond impressed with the sound that come from such a small package . they sound so great that i be actually rediscover my music collection ; hear the song in a way i have never contemplate i could hear they . i almoset feel like i be hear 3d sound or sound come from a 5.1 system . as someone who hate excessive bass or loud music , these handle the lower power better than any pair out in the price point . usually , headphone be calibrate to a specific styie of music , but i have yet to find a song\/style of music that these thing can not handle -lrb- classical , rock , pop , rap , r&b; , hip-hop , disco\/techno\/dance , it play they all well -rrb- anyone who need a new pair of earbud would be a fool not to get these . spend the extra buck now because you 'll end up spend the extra buck on a replacement for a cheaper pair that might not even last or sound as good . i recommend these to everyone , specifically audiophile or people who lust over the perfect audio to complement they obsession with hd video .
624	Headphone	POS	5	i be a 58 year old male who usually do not write review . however , i feel the desire to write one about the aforementioned can . simply put , they be outstand ! i have be involve with music as a guitar player & `` blues '' and `` non-commercial rock & roll '' lover since the age of 13 , and very much like `` metal '' . quality reproduction be a must for i . not just volume , but spatial headroom & tonal quality . these can do this very well ! i have use cheaper can just because i hate ear bud . while they work , they be not quality can . at christmas-time 2010 , my wife ask i what i want for a gift from she & i say a new set of good headphone . as she be not into electronics , she tell i to pick a pair . i go on-line & research they , as well as go to the store to listen to they . at the time , i be certain i want bose . of course ! they commercial say they be the best ... that must be what i need ! i go to best buy & listen to a higher end set & think `` something be miss ! while the price say they be the best , what i be hearing say otherwise . '' so i email they , ask for frequency response & be tell they do not publish they as they be not that important ! hmmm ... while i agree that what you hear be more important than number , i still want the number ! then i listen to a set of senheiser . night & day difference ! go on line to amazon.com -lrb- because i trust they -rrb- & order a set of hd 280 pro 's . what you hook they up to & the quality of the recording you be listen to does matter ! after all , they `` reproduce sound '' , they do not `` generate sound '' ! they will sound better wire to a quality home audio system play vinyl -lrb- or yes ... even a cd ! -rrb- than when connect to a ipod play a mp3 ! -lrb- for many reason , which be not the topic of this review ! -rrb- the headroom from this set of can be outstanding ! the low-end frequency be quality ... not muddy and not distort . mid for voice and most instrument be clean & clear and the high be very crisp and clean ... not painful as with some can . you can pick out vocal on pink floyd mix that you have neaver hear before ! and gilmore 's lead ... wow ! thd be , for all intent and purpose , non-existant ! seperation be as good as the recording will allow . noise be as quiet as be you system ... and if there be any on you system , you will hear it ! this set of can be not make for noise-reduction -lrb- noise-cancelling -rrb- , but as they be `` close can '' , they do a good job . i could only rate they as 3 star for longevity , simply because i have only have they a short time . however i will say , they seem `` quality '' in material . be they the best headphone for my use ? hell no , because i can not afford $ 1,000.00 to $ 1,500.00 for `` the best '' ! but if i could , they would be mark `` sennheiser '' , and i would buy they through amazon.com ! for what i can afford to pay , i love them !
803	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone work great for my four year old . he have ruin a pair of the cheap wal-mart headphone after a couple month , so want something better i find these on amazon . now he be have they for the same amount of time as the cheap one , and they be still like new . the sound be good from they too . they be too small for i to put on , but they fit my son perfect . for the price i can not imagine a better child size set .
755	Headphone	POS	5	let i just begin this review by say i do not comment on many product i buy from amazon although i order something at least once a week . i have have pretty bad luck with earbud . i have use sony until they begin to short out on i every six month -lrb- i guess i sweat too much during workout -rrb- . i move on to sennheiser and i be pleased but at $ 55 for a pair , they be okay . i be one of those `` weird '' one that like both treble and bass equally . i buy a pair of sennheiser here on amazon on sale . they be a dud to say the least and i find my old pair i have lose for awhile and continue to use they . i end up give the sale sennheiser to my sister . to make a long story short , i purchase the j3 -lrb- shortly after have purchase skull candy full metal jacket earbud -rrb- . i be satisfy with the skull candy fmj but still look forward to get my j3 . can i just say it be worth the wait ? they blow i away and all i can say be wow ! i do not know about the whole `` burn 'em out '' - or be it `` in '' ? - who care ? they be wonderful out of the package ! i only plan to use they at home as i have my trusty , efficient , german sennheiser for my workout -lrb- they still work after 3 year so i can not complain too much ; they be great , just not enough bass with the treble -rrb- . the j3 be perfect as the treble and the bass be equal and compliment one another . i listen to metal , hip-hop , industrial , rap , dance , pop , r&b; , electronic -lrb- so i can not comment on opera , classical , country , etc. -rrb- and i love they ! they make every genre sound wonderful . i plan to order another pair just in case - for travel if you will as i would hate for anything to happen when i go away on vacation . if you want to appreciate you mp3 device - whether it be apple or zune or anything in between - do not be without these earbud !
499	Headphone	POS	5	this be a excellent quality item . the sound be crisp and balanced as well as provide clearer bass response than any headset i have try . i listen to a vast selection of music type from baroque to hard rock . the only real let down be the ear hook . i find they to be useless but that could be just i . still , that be not a deal breaker . despite what they say , the cord will still tangle . however , they be a lot easier to untangle . i find that i need to use much smaller ear bud -lrb- the rubber bit -rrb- than i have with other headset . compare to other headset , the the ear piece be much longer . the ear piece tend to fall out unless i do that . not a problem , just a difference .
661	Headphone	POS	5	i have spend all day revisit my music collection . this be a excellent pair of headphone for the price . one note to potential buyer : sennheiser px 100 's be open headphone , which mean you will hear sound in you environment and , depend on the volume , other will hear what you be listen to .
807	Headphone	POS	4	... i agree with another commentator who question whether the product be sturdy enough to last . i guess i 'll see , as i do not intend to get on another airplane without it .
541	Headphone	POS	4	it really get hot under the earpad . after about 5 minute , you 'll have to lift the headphone off you head to allow for some air to circulate around you ear . to make sure it be not just a isolate issue , i have other use these headphone as well . they give the headphone back to i within a few minute with the same complaint ... uncomfortably hot around the ear . i have have these headphone for about a year . the audio fidelity be great . i use they to get a full appreciation of song i really want to listen to . unfortunately , these be too uncomfortable -lrb- heat-wise -rrb- to use for more than a song or two at a time . it be really a shame , consider the sound produce by this headphone be exceptional . the high be crisp , the mid be define and the low be accurate , yet powerful . for day-to-day headphone , i use the sony mdr-ex71 earbud . they sound ok , but you can really tell the difference go from earbud -lrb- with tiny 9mm driver -rrb- to the hd 497 . there be no substitute for size when it come to driver . also , unlike some higher-end headphone that require more power , these headphone do not require additional amplification for use with item , such as the ipod . as much as i like these headphone for they sound , i find it too uncomfortable to use regularly . this headphone be ideal for the follow combined condition : 1 -rrb- for use with personal audio player 2 -rrb- in cold environment , where the headphone can double as earmuff . also , the cord be extremely long and do not detach from the headset . the earpad do detach . it 'll be great if i can find replacement earpad that allow more air to circulate and heat to dissipate around the ear area .
290	Headphone	POS	5	buy these a few week ago , have be use they purely for studio work , which i be convinced they be design for without much thought to the home user . these have a very flat frequency response and a sharp and unforgiving dynamic response , along with very little of the harmonic excitement or sound colouration that make consumer headphone sound `` better '' . you can pick the part from the mix with ease and you can almost see the knob on the dynamics effect use in record whatever you be listen to . if you be look to make music and want to hear precisely what be come through the wire , these headphone can not be better under # 150 . if you have not the slightest clue what i have be talk about and just want to listen to you music , go buy something else , but beware ; audio equipment that color sound -lrb- ie the vast majority of suppose `` audiophile '' equipment -rrb- will sound great with one peice of music and will kill another stone dead .
531	Headphone	POS	4	i have be buy ear bud for my run for a few year now , and after a few year of have to shove the dang thing back in after every 20-30 step and have to buy new headphone every couple of month , i want to give regular headphone another try . what i like : - i love the volume adjuster on the cord . i listen to song on my ipod at different volume so i be constantly have to adjust the volume ... and hence drain the battery of my very old ipod . i should mention that the cord from the headphone plug in to the volume adjuster , so i be hope that be not one more thing that could break on these headphone . - these headphone seem really sturdy , have not take they on a run yet , but they look pretty well make . - sound quality be fantastic ! to be fair , since i replace headphone practically as often as i change my shirt , i have not be buy the best quality headphone so i might not be the best judge , but the music sound pretty crystal clear to i . what i dislike : - ear piece be pretty big and rigid so they kind of hurt in my ear . you do not have to smoosh they in as much as ear bud though , so i think they 'll be alright . i do not know whether they 'll stand up to the bouncing\/tugging\/sweat from run , but i be optimistic .
309	Headphone	POS	5	i have have these headphone for a few day now and have to say that i be really impress by they beautiful sound and superb comfort . the sound from these headphone really bring alive you jazz , rock and hip-hop favorite ... if you do not already have nice headphone you 'll be hear thing in you music you have never hear before . a great example for i be listen to ornette coleman 's `` the shape of jazz to come '' follow by the root `` do you want more ?!!!??! '' play through itunes at 128 kbp \/ 44.100 khz - not exactly a range advocate by audiophile , but the music sound full , rich , complex and beautiful ... very nice response from deep bass to high end . if you be go to be listen to cd 's or audio through a ipod or computer at home , these headphone be perfect . any better headphone be go to be a waste of money unless you be go to be listen to vinyl through a nice amp . note : the impedance of these headphone be 50 ohm , not 120 ohm as list on amazon . this make these headphone perfect for listen to portable electronics \/ computer , rather than more expensive headphone like the hd-595 's which will really require a separate headphone amp to bring out they best . a additional note for first-time headphone buyer - these be `` dynamic , open '' style headphone , which mean that these be best for home use . the open style mean that some audio be go to pass from the outside of the headphone -lrb- would drive officemate in a quiet office crazy -rrb- , and external sound be not go to be well attenuate - mean that they be perfect for a quiet home or office , but will be poor for subway \/ airplane \/ noisy street use . overall a great set of headphone for they purpose - home audio \/ portable electronics .
20	Headphone	POS	4	i just get these guy yesterday and they sound great . they do not sound as good as my  v-moda vibe duo earbuds\/headset -lrb- iphone compatible -rrb- - black  i actually get these because i be a little rough on my vibe duo 's and have to send they in -lrb- under warranty -rrb- for replacement . i know they be cheapo 's but if these last 6-10 month i 'll be happy , and happily order more . btw i send in my vibe duo 's -lrb- under warranty -rrb- and i have replacement in a week , no question . great company , great headphone , go get em .
92	Headphone	POS	5	i love these headpohne and i never stop get compliment on the noise cancel capability ! i would highly highly highly reccommend these headphone to any dedicated music listener out there !
527	Headphone	POS	4	these earbud be great . i have be use they for about 3 week now and they have be super . pro : stay in any ear -lrb- many earpiece available out of the box -rrb- comfortable long cord shirt clip attach to wire good high range sound great for mow , run etc. . very soundproof durable design come with carry case con : uncomfortable when try to lay down or fall asleep . low range sound be lackluster overall : come from someone who be just look for a pair of headphone that would stay in they head , these m6-bk perform well . there be a bunch of different earbud attachment that will fit any depth or size of ear . another thing of note be the wiring near the earbud itself ; it be encase in a heavier material that can be mold to fit the back of you ear , which be nice . the only thing hold these back from five star be the sound quality .
915	Headphone	POS	4	buy this to use with my 5 string bass guitar ... this be perfect for what i want , some static here and there when you move around but overall its good
377	Headphone	POS	4	i buy this in a combo with the razer orcas . i be plan to clip it onto the wire of my orcas but the clip be too big . wish you could change that . other than that , this mic pick up everything . good or bad ? depend . as i say earlier , great for what you pay for and i do not think you would use this for record music or anything . i use it for communicate over skype for gaming or just talk to friend .
162	Headphone	POS	5	i 'll get straight and to the point . sansa clip + 2gb with a 32gb minus sd pair with a sennheiser mx 581 and a fiio e6 and you get a match make in heaven . if you be a audiophile like i and care about the sound of the music you listen to then this be a must have addition to you ipod or sansa . i go for the e6 first as a experiment to see what i can expect from this brand of headphone amp and be impressed . next purchase will be a e11 for my ipod classic and a audio-technica ath-m50 . from what i experience from my e6 i know the e11 's with the ipod wont disappoint . again , if you get a sansa clip get the e6 if you get a ipod get the e11 .
91	Headphone	POS	5	i just get these on sale for $ 24 . i be a little discourage to hear people write that they hurt they ear because i always seem to have that problem with headphone . i be big -lrb- 6 ' 7 '' -rrb- and i do not have small ear , but for $ 24 i figure what the heck . i be glad i ignore those review because i do not have any problem . i have have mine on now for the last 3 hour with no problem . the sound be quality be great and so be the bass response . there be a few hip hop song i have listen to and be completely suprise by they ability to hit some of the low frequency . best pair of headphone i have ever own in the -lrb- $ 60 range .
599	Headphone	POS	5	i enjoy listen to hi-fi audio through headphone . my setup be laptop use jetaudio -- -rrb- predator dac\/amp -- -rrb- d5000 . the can be great ! superb detail and honest to music reproduction w that wow factor . bass seem heavy but i like it . i be burn they in now . i own d2000 and audio-technica 990-ti 's and each have they home but i listen mostly to the d5000 's now .
589	Headphone	POS	5	i do a bunch of research on headphone after try to beatmix with a pair of behringer hdx2500 's in a loud club , next to a malfunction subwoofer , for a night . could not hear a thing with the cue all the way up that night . it suck . not to say that the behringers be bad headphone . they be great for average -lrb- gaming computer ipod what have you -rrb- use . after look at all kind of headphone , and use sound isolation as one key parameter that every review i read have to mention positively , i end up with these . the sound isolation be fabulous . i pop these on and even without anything play through they i can not hear someone talk in the next room . in fact it will take get use to for the club . not least because what i be hear will sound so much better than what be go out through the pa. . the surround sound be amazing too - people say that no headphone will make it sound like you be listen to a room with a band in it but this be very close . john coltrane sound like he be play stand next to you -lrb- without , i might add , kill you with the high note -rrb- . ian curtis sound like he be rise from the grave and be spazz out on the microphone in front of you . most of the high-quality ambient electronica that be come out in the last 10 year will finally sound like it should . i have hear subtle detail of song that i forget be in they , in the last 24 hour , with these , because you can not hear those detail in lesser headphone . i be in love with these and can not wait to use they in a loud setting . i have no doubt they will stand up to it . one final thing : the clincher for i be another review compare these to sennheiser hd25 's , in which the reviewer say that he could turn down the cue on these for less fatigue compare to the senn . he be right - they be much easier on you ear . they be physically comfy too . you probably do not need something like this unless you be do audio for a bunch of people , but you might want to spoil yourself anyway .
242	Headphone	POS	4	excellent headphone for clarity and range , and reasonably comfortable . only down side be that be on-ear , they tend to slip when use while engage in active task .
124	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be a steal for the price range . i be thoroughly impressed with its noise cancel ability . i always use these in the library on campus to drown out the sound of the idiot who come there to socialize . it do get somewhat uncomfortable after extend use , however .
99	Headphone	POS	4	these be really good headphone . they be not the absolute best that money can buy but they be very good still . the noise isolation be work well . the bass be pretty deep as long as you have the right ear cushion in . the smaller piece you have in , the better it be , and easier it stay in you ear . overall it be be a good purchase . pro : audio quality , bass , noise iso . con : price , control talk control do not work on android , earbud be heavy and can fall out when walk .
220	Headphone	POS	5	almost everything that can be say about these headphone , have be say , so i 'll keep this mostly to physical pro and con pro : the most accurate sound you can get for 100 dollar . not up to par with my beyerdynamic dt880 's , but at one third the cost , you be get atleast 3\/4th 's the sound -lrb- if that make sense -rrb- so they be a excellent bargain . these be easily the best headphone you can buy at 100 dollar . the velour ear cup mean that the pressure apply to you head be very minimal , and these be indeed the second most comfortable headphone i have ever worn , next to the dt880 's -lrb- i have have grado 's , akg 's , other sennheiser etc -rrb- and the inclusion of a velour -lrb- i believe -rrb- head cushion mean that the top of you head will not hurt even after hour of use . these can be also very easy to drive from a pc soundcard , and even on my integrate sound card , they 'll go to ear splitting volume if i be so inclined . i buy these specifically because my beyer 's can not be drive by my computer , and i get sick of have to move my headphone amp between device -lrb- between ipod , computer , etc -rrb- . the bad : a all plastic frame make i think that one good drop might be the end of these headphone . the ear piece be attach to a swivel joint -lrb- for comfort , which do help -rrb- but the joint be plastic as well , so it be not hard to imagine it pop off . i may just be worry too much though , because i have a pair of all purpose koss headphone that be entirely plastic , and they have last atleast 10 year -lrb- though they sound terrible in comparison -rrb- i say these be the second most comfortable headphone i have ever worn , and while that be true , there be one caveat ; even though they be comfortable , my ear be too large for the space provide -lrb- the velour sit around the ear , with you ear inside -rrb- so my ear press against the outside of the ear pad . not a huge deal , and not nearly as severe as with other headphone , but still a issue if you have big ear . the biggest complaint i have be probably how much sound leak in and out . i realize that these be open headphone , but even at low volume , everything you be play be easily hear by anyone in the same room -lrb- so these be not good for dorm room , plane , train , etc -rrb- . i be expect that , but i be not quite expect how much sound be let in . my dt880 's be also open , but they do not let nearly as much sound in or out as these sennheiser can . the sound of my computer fan be easily hear through the headphone if i do not up the volume a little louder than would otherwise be necessary -lrb- mean other will hear it even more -rrb- . there be also a lack of bass with these can . other have say it be balanced , but i would almost go so far as to say it be a little bit diffused . use equalization though , this problem be quickly fix -lrb- if you see it as a problem -rrb- . one last con ; these headphone come with a large -lrb- 1\/8th inch i believe -rrb- plug , with a very rigid 1\/4th adaptor -lrb- the plug on you computer , compare to the plug on you stereo -rrb- . this do not seem like a huge deal , but this type of adaptor be very prone to snap and damage you headphone cord . i would suggest spend a extra 5 or so dollar and get a flexible adaptor . as with all headphone in the quasi-audiophile range -lrb- audiophile will tell you that these can be not neutral enough to be audiophile quality . they be close enough at 100 dollar though -rrb- you first need to evaluate you own hearing before you spend any amount of money . i have friend that can not tell the difference between my 300 dollar beyerdynamic headphone , and my old 30 dollar koss headphone . if you do not have really sensitive ear , you be better off buy the cheaper sennheiser and save yourself some money -lrb- the 202 's , the 212 's , etc -rrb- . i would suggest go to a local audio store and try these headphone side by side with a much cheaper pair , and see if you truly can tell the difference between the two -lrb- and then come back to buy from amazon , of course -rrb- . also , if you do not buy a whole lot of cd 's , and most of you music be compress mp3 's you buy off the net , or song from youtube\/myspace\/whatever , these headphone will not help you and they may actually make that type of music sound worse because they will expose flaw in the recording that you would not have be able to hear otherwise . in conclusion , these be the best headphone you can buy at 100 dollar , and unless you need complete isolation -lrb- if you do , i suggest the hd-280 's for the same price -rrb- , or you really love bass , or you have really big ear , these headphone be exactly what you be look for . update 03\/10\/10 : after two year of use , i have get a few addition to make . the headband have develop a crack at both ear cup . i baby my equipment , so it be definitely a design flaw and not misuse on my part . i have notice that this have happen to other as well , and it really be a shame . it do not degrade the sound quality , but i fear that the crack may expand and eventually cause the earcup to come free from the headband -lrb- essentially make the headphone useless -rrb- . as far as sound quality go , now that these be burn in -lrb- i would say i be somewhere comfortably between 500 and 1000 hour on the phone -rrb- they sound much better than they do when i first receive they . i modify they -lrb- when i pass the warranty date -rrb- to increase they bass response , and they be now basically convert into hd595 's . they sound great , although they be still obviously no match for the hd600 's or hd650 's , which be 3-4x the price -lrb- much much more when you consider that you 'll need a expensive amp to drive they -rrb- . i would still recommend these headphone despite the crack issue , and for 100 dollar , i do not think that you can find a better set of -lrb- open -rrb- can .
61	Headphone	POS	4	pro : - typical 3.5 mm male to 3.5 mm female cable splitter - fit any normal headphone or auxiliary port - slimmer style male port so it would fit into my ipod with it be case on -lrb- bonus ! -rrb- - cable length be about 5-6 '' so its a good length , not too long , but not too short - cable be also nice and sturdy so they will not be damage very easily . highly durable - the connection be solid , no static at all , and the male audio port plug into the female port easily and will not slip out . con : - -lrb- i run into this problem only on one occasion -rrb- : the splitter may reduce the volume to half it be maximum output . i split my tv into two different set of surround sound to test the output quality and it only deliver half the volume it be suppose to to each of the surround sound system . this only occur on one occasion which be why it be 4 star instead of five . you may run into this problem , but like i say , it have only happen once , and i order a large number of these splitter . overall : i would rate this 5 star out of 5 if it be not for the one instance of lowered volume . otherwise , this be a exceptional product . i have try many different splitter for my need and this one have last the longest , and perform the greatest overall . for the cheap price , it outperform any high price guarantee splitter out there ! if you need a quick split , or just want to have it for any need , i would recommend this product !
898	Headphone	POS	4	the sound quality on these headphone be pretty much what you would expect from sony for this price , i.e. , not spectacular but good treble , slightly less good bass . to be honest , if you be jogging , you would hardly notice unless you be use to awesome sound all the time . my only problem with these be the problem with all stiff-headband headphone ; if you have a small electronic device -lrb- md or mp3 player -rrb- the headphone can not be cram wherever you put the device -lrb- unless you be willing to break you new headphone , which i negligently have do -rrb- . so , good for the sound , not as portable as the playing device of the 21st century .
296	Headphone	POS	5	i have be look for a good headset to use while talk on the phone to customer when i work from home . the clarity of this set be very good . it also come with several adapter so i can use it with my mp3 player and my computer . i be very pleased so far .
869	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be amazing . they be lightweight and very comfortable . if you be to simply listen with they , without know the price , you would believe the sound be come from a pair of very expensive headphone .
445	Headphone	POS	5	the grado sr-60 be , without question , the best headphone i have ever own . i would not go so far as to call myself a audiophile , but i appreciate great sound , and these headphone deliver that in spade . they have a very rich , balanced sound , with glitter high , silky , powerful mid , and accurate , tight low . many people seem to consider grados `` rock '' headphone , but , to be honest , everything i have listen to on these have sound great . electronica , metal , post-rock , indie rock , classical music ... these headphone really `` do '' every single genre , and well . the only problem be so minimal that they be hardly worth mention . the cable be very thick , and the design do not exactly ooze style . i would not recommend they for purely portable listening . many reviewer seem to think they be uncomfortable , but i find the slightly cup , padded earphone to be very cozy . it be mostly a matter of personal preference , i suppose . i have also hear headphone with `` fatter '' sound bass , so anyone with that as a priority might want to upgrade to the grado sr80s , or hunt around some more . another reviewer call these `` studio '' headphone , which be not really true . i be use these with my ipod , and it be never sound better . in all honesty , these headphone be practically a steal at they current price point -- i have hear headphone cost twice as much that do not sound nearly as good as these do . sennheiser , sony , and bose do not have anything on these brooklyn-crafted wonder . compare to something like ipod earbud , it be simply night and day . do yourself a favor and pick these up -- you will not regret it !
412	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone bring together the best of two world : high-end , audiophile sound and portable music player . i be very particular about the quality of sound , and before i audition a friend 's 595 , i have assume that i would need a headphone amplifier to be able to drive the anemic amplifier in my portable music player . as most of you know , pmp be build for portability and simply can not accommodate large amplifier , such as the one that exist in home music system . unfortunately , most audiophile headphone be design with a high impedance -lrb- or resistance -rrb- , such as 300 ohm . while these type of headphone be perfect for home receiver or amplifier , they make pmp unlistenable because even at maximum volume , the pmp do not have enough wattage to drive these headphone . imagine , then , my surprise , when my friend tell i that the 595 have a impedance of only 50 ohm , surprisingly efficient for headphone of this quality . i be able to plug they directly into my pmp -lrb- without the need for headphone amplification -rrb- and listen to glorious sound at volume level that would suit any hard-core rocker . the 595 come with two jack -lrb- a 1\/4 '' jack for home receiver and a 1\/8 '' jack for pmp . -rrb- they be comfortable to wear for extended period of time and they produce stellar sound in all genre . they reveal excellent detail in music , they reproduce bass , midrange and high without coloration , and they have a excellent soundstange . as evidence of they soundstage , one can identify the venue of a recording and easily place the perfomer in that venue . -lrb- while listen to a radiohead album , i be immediately place in a recording studio , with the musician in various part of the studio . moreover , while listen to a fine chamber music recording , i be immediately place in a small concert hall and be able to pinpoint the musician there as well . the 595 also faithfully and accurately reproduce surround sound from well-recorded movie . -rrb- it be rare for i to review a product and not find any fault , but this be the case with the sennheiser hd-595 . and since they be introduce several year ago , they price have be substantially reduce and be now under $ 200 . they be a audiophile bargain .
889	Headphone	POS	5	ok , first thing to point out here : these headphone be not my primary one . now , the only purpose this headphone have be for i to listen exclusively to my guitar when it be plug to the computer during night hour . i buy they because of the price -lrb- i be not go to spend $ 100 on headphone i seldom use -rrb- and because i need something capable of give a good bass . the good : they be really comfortable , and the sound quality be really more than what i expect . they weigh about half a pound , which be really light . there be a switch in the headphone that , after thorough research and testing , only limit the bass and lower treble , but be useful for watch movie , as it give the illusion of enhance voice . another plus be that the cord be long -lrb- 138 in exactly -rrb- . the not so good : the volume limit be low . this , off course , derive from the fact that the bigger the headphone , the more energy it take to make they work , and when not use top-notch material , you get a lower volume limit . this be list in the `` not so good '' instead of the `` bad '' section because they sound loud enough -lrb- i do not listen in the maximum volume anyway -rrb- , but some people just like it loud . the bad : the switch make a awful sound when you `` switch '' it while have it on .
73	Headphone	POS	5	they ship promptly , they do what you expect , and they be not cheap junk . ca not say it better than that .
111	Headphone	POS	4	the price be great for i on these kind of headphone since i do not really want amazing sound like the one that cost 3-6x more . i have some trouble get they on , but that be because i never have one of these before and have no idea how you put they on , but after fiddle with they for 10 min i have they on . i plug they onto my zen m and pick a song with some bass in it . i take a pair of marshmallow headphone and ep-630 and compare they . the sound quality on these be not great like those , but definitely better than the one that come with you ipod or mp3 player . these of course do not fall off when you running , jogging , or move around . the ear size might be a slight problem for smaller ear people , but it should fit , but not as quite a firm\/perfect fit . comfort level be okay , you could feel they of course which i do not particularly like , but i do not think you can buy something like these without feel they on you ear , lol . these rest right outside you ear canal and the volume be alright . you can crank it up real loud or soft if you want . overall , these be great earphone if you look for a kind like these . they have ok sound quality for a cheap price , pretty comfy , and of course do not slip off .
36	Headphone	POS	5	i just buy a r 140 . after a brief familiarization with all the item in the shipping box i cnnect it to my tv . it pay to look up the tv manual for the proper audio out connection . i do not at first on my bravio tv and just pick a red & white connection at random & consequently face silence on my ear phone . consulting the tv manual , this be soon correct . the unit work well . i be 80 year old & have minor hearing loss . it beautifully compensate for this shortcome with very good sound quality . walk inside the house & outside for quite a distance , still good reception . i fully recommend this unit . i be very satisfied with it .
621	Headphone	POS	5	it do just the job it should . the build quality be okay at best . but you can not beat the price !
142	Headphone	POS	5	i also own a pair of the sr60us headphone , which be just a step below in quality and price , so i be already a fan of grado before i buy these . i want to try other type of headphone that might offer some measure of sound isolation -lrb- the grados famously have a `` open '' design , so in term of isolation , listen to they be akin to have a boombox tape to you head -rrb- . to this end , i try various in-ear headphone and some closed over-ear one . long story short , nothing in the -lrb- $ 200 range come even close to sound as fun as my sr60i . the only logical place to go be higher on the grado spectrum , and so i try the sr80i . since i be not a audiophile , i 'll try to do my best to describe they sound in mostly imprecise term . first of all , both the sr60us and the sr80us be literally revelatory - they show up new detail in familiar recording that the speaker and earbud i be use before i find the grados be too stodgy to handle . they render all part of the frequency spectrum with aplomb . the deep subbass on shackleton 's fabric 55 recording sound incredibly tight and controlled . electric guitar , which reside mostly in the midrange , sound particularly embody , with a fully realize attack , something i sorely miss in more expensive headphone like the monster turbine . the cymbal on miles davis ' ` bitch brew ' be smooth , not harsh . most importantly , these headphone be just fun to listen to . they bring everything , even album i have grow tired of , alive . and they do this consistently , perhaps because grado 's emphasis seem to be on musicality and not just by-the-numbers fidelity . there be two definite minus , both of which be flip side to the same design decision that give rise to they amazing sound , namely the fact that they be open -lrb- the earpiece chamber have large grilled vent -rrb- . forget about listen to these on plane , since they do not block any outside sound . also , they basically broadcast what you be listen to , and hence be unsuitable for office or library . many have complain that they be uncomfortable - my girlfriend find that the earpad hurt she ear after a hour of listen - but i find they eminently comfortable and can wear they indefinitely without problem , so that may be a matter of individual head shape or ear size . be the sr80us worth the $ 20 premium over the sr60us ? they look identical in all respects and appear to have the same specification and outward construction , so it come down to the sound . my sr80us be tighter , more controlled and at the same time , deeper , when it come to bass reproduction in comparison to my sr60us . make no mistake , the sr60us be no slouch and never allow the bass to boom and overwhelm other part of the spectrum , but it just feel slightly looser and more elastic . the difference be subtle , but definite , and over long period of listen , i believe the sr80us will justify the extra expense . lastly , i should reiterate one negative that many people have mention . if you be not one of those people who tend to buy expensive audio equipment , get a pair of these might , by open you up to a world of gorgeous sound , lead to a rather expensive hobby .
192	Headphone	POS	5	great headphone i use they all the time , the sound quality be great . battery last a very long time and the easiest way to do it be to buy recharchable aaa battery and you end up save money on battery .
375	Headphone	POS	5	come from a pair of sennheiser hd280s and hear the beautiful detail and soundstage of a family member 's audio technica ath-ad700 i be amaze and want that kind of soundstage and detail with more oomph -lrb- basshead -rrb- . i go on the hunt for something that could deliver that kind of sound with the oomph that the ad700 lack . listen to a variety of music the ahd2000 deliver on every bit of my expectation . i drive they through a fiio e7 usb dac and love everything about the sound that come through they . there seem to be no low note that these can not hit . bass heavy electronic music like bassnectar , excision , koan sound , evol intent , and trentemoller be ultimately satisfy . every nuance of joe satriani come through wide and well separate . every touch of the pick , slide of the finger , and slap of the hand be audible in trace bundy . melody gardot 's voice be something to behold . endless clear bass , big soundstage , excellent mid and high -- i feel like these be a combination of the audio technica ath-ad700 and audio technica ath-m50 ... plus some . on top of the -lrb- what i feel be lovely -rrb- sound there be lot of other good point : they look great in my opinion and pick they up you can feel the quality material in they construction . the cable be ultra high quality and long . they be immensely comfortable . close to even the ath-ad700 . most other headphone feel uncomfortable after wear these . i really can not recommend these enough . for a do it all headphone -lrb- really , i can not find music they sound bad with -rrb- especially for basshead i think this be the way to go .
799	Headphone	POS	5	i expect these headphone to be good base on the review but they be even better than i hope . the sound in my opinion compare favorably to other headphone cost much more . it be crystal clear with a rich thumping bass . finally my zune sound the way it should . i can honestly say i have not hear better sound from any headphone i have use .
992	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these headphone as a gift for my mother so she could listen to the tv with out turn up the volume at night . they fit a little snug on my head but i think they be wear in a little so it be not too bad . if you have a smaller head they fit just fine like my mother . they do not have ear cup like regular headphone but they do sit on top of you ear and conform somewhat . it just take a little while to get use to the feeling . they feel like they will fall off at time but they be snug . the sound be pretty good for fm reception . you can walk like 50 to 100 foot away and still pick up the signal indoors . the box say 300 foot outdoors but i do not try it . i be sure they go close to it . the headphone have a tuning button on they to tune into the channel you want . all so the transmitter have 3 channel setting so you can find one that work best for you . it be not hard to tune in just keep turn the knob till you get a good signal on the headphone . sometimes you can pickup up cb radio and phone call if they be close by but only if you un tune the headphone from the transmitter till you hear static . it be kind of funny to hear people talk on the phone and the cb but it be only when you un tune the headphone otherwise it be not a problem at all . the sound be clear . put the headphone on the charger be easy too they just slide right into place and line up with the metal bar in the headphone . you may have to shorten the headphone when you put they back on the charger because the instruction say not to hold open the headphone or put they on a glass dummy head because they can lose there snug fit over time . it be not a problem if you remember to do this . you can also hang the charger on the wall . it have a hole in back for a nail or some other hook to hang it up with . the cord for the power and sound connector be long too about 5 to six foot more or less so you should have no problem place the transmitter anywhere to get better reception . it can hook up to a radio with the include adapter or hook up to a mp3 player or what ever take that kind of plug . the charger cradle be sturdy and have rubber foot on it so it do not tip over or move when you place the headphone back on to charge . the box they come in be easy to open and be well pack with 2 set of air bag . over all i like they and recommend they to any one .
79	Headphone	POS	5	this headphone be great , this be my first headphone and be great , good sound quality , perfect noise reduction , the only bad thing be that they will get a little hot on you ear but after use it for 2 straight hour ... so i guess this be a must if you want good headphone .
358	Headphone	POS	5	a few year ago a friend of mine give i a pair of headphone that i think sound great , but do not really realize how great they be until they break . i purchase 4 or 5 other pair of headphone , after this happen , try to find a pair of similar quality . i be , however , simply unable to find pair that meet my expectation . maybe i be picky , but i just could not bring myself to listen to music through poor headphone . i know how my music be suppose to sound , and until this pair , i could not find a pair that be able to conduct the sound as it be mean to be . if i know how these headphone be go to perform , i would have be willing to pay $ 60 + for they in a heart beat .
562	Headphone	POS	5	i have own the igrado 's for about 6 month now , and after extensive heavy usage they be still work perfectly . the sound be phenomenal for a product that be intend to deal mostly mp3 file . with these you can easily tell the difference in music file that be 128kbps vs 320kbps ; thus , you be obviously go to want file with larger rate . as far as the comfort level go , the headband be not adjustable , but it form to my head rather quickly and have be comfortable for i since . my biggest problem with these headphone be actually the spot where the wire connect to the headphone , as they be constantly be bent when they be set down , put on , etc. . however , they have yet to show any sign of give out , so it might not be a big deal . definatley a good buy .
802	Headphone	POS	5	sound quality be amazing . noise reduction be pretty good too , can not hear anything once i have these bad boy on .
54	Headphone	POS	4	the sound quality on these be pretty good , they be on the smaller size so you have to turn the volume up to block outside noise . they be very comfortable for long session , i have wear they for 8 hour at a time without any issue . i do wish there be a lock mechanism on the metal adjustment band . as soon as they come off you head it squeeze shut , which get irritating quickly . the `` case '' be a leather pouch which you can barely squeeze they into . i stop use it after a couple day . overall , these be just ok . the difference between these and any $ 10 pair be minimal aside from the sound quality . i would buy these again at a lower price , for $ 35 though i would look elsewhere .
947	Headphone	POS	4	overall a amazing deal . for the cost the sound quality be absolutely amazing , crisp , clear , but lack the bass you would get with more expensive and larger con headphone . the only downfall to these be the design and comfort , which at they worse be not really that bad . the headband catch on you hair all the time and be not convenient to take on and off because the adjustability be not very convenient . the other adjustability problem be the `` comfort zone '' adjuster to make the earphone tighter or looser on you head , very inconvenient . but overall you can not beat the quality for the price . if you want the best headphone for under $ 50 , you find they with these , although they have a few imperfection , the value to quality ratio be unbeatable . great value !
761	Headphone	POS	5	buy these to enjoy my music without disturb the rest of the household with b.b. or luciano or waylon & willie . bass = d.e.e.p all else = clear . i be so impressed -lrb- 1st day -rrb- that i ask my 2 son to let i know what they think vs. they earbud and\/or phone . that be about 1-1\/2 week ago . and i have not see they since . -lrb- the phone , that be ; i always see son at mealtime -rrb- i should have buy -lrb- 3 -rrb- three set ` in self-defense ' . whichever son i find that currently have they , tell i that they will be on my desk when they be finish . seem i just barely miss ` my turn ' . -lrb- always -rrb- my old bud be still ok ! ... but ... will buy more ... soon !
184	Headphone	POS	4	i be happy with my hd-280 's . they sound good and they block out the noise . the headphone be comfortable , however the headphone padding do not breath so i sweat when i wear they for a long time . the head-phone be on the heavy side . the sound quality be very good , but not exceptional . i find that the bass can be a little thin . they will block out noise as well as any padded noise block ear muff . they may block out almost as much noise as active noise cancel headphone . active noise cancel headphone be very good at block out background humm and drone , but not so great at block out conversation . because the hd-280 's be passive , they be good at the latter .
71	Headphone	POS	5	i purchase these after my cat eat my ipod touch earbud and i be leery because of the review that state they distort music with excessive bass . the only time that happen be when you turn the bass setting up on you mp3 . these thing do not need the bass turn up because it be build in . they deliver rich distortion free sound that i think would be hard to outdo with earbud cost hundred more . moreover they fit perfectly with the softest silicone tip i have ever see . never hurt you ear even after hour of wear they . i highly recommend this product .
846	Headphone	POS	4	unlike what some people be complain about , i get the item that be picture . it also work as advertise for my lg cosmos . there be only one problem i have with this adapter : the connection be finicky . sometimes if i twist the plug on my phone jack , i can hear the sound go rather quiet . so , either the jack on my phone be bad or the wiring in the adapter be not the greatest . regardless , it be only a little over a dollar and still work pretty well so i be not really complain .
222	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these headphone because sennheiser be know to be one of the best maker of quality headphone with excellent sound . they have very comfortable ear pad , and a extra-super long cord . the sound reproduction be phenomenal ! bass sound awesome and literally shake you ear . all this for the same price one would pay for a cheap set of earbud . excellent buy !!!
134	Headphone	POS	5	these have be my first high quality headphone that i have purchase . i be not what one would call a audiophile , but i be look for some great , high quality sound headphone , and these deliver . i be look through alot of other headphone before i buy these , look through what be in my budget , and these be definately worth the price . if you be look for great sound , comfortabilty , and bang for you buck , the mdr-v6 be the way to go .
323	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone be good if you intention be correct . sennheiser call they the 570 symphony . they be specificially engineer for symphony music and it be clear in the audio . if you want to listen to you mp3 , buy these headphone may be a bit overboard . if you listen to vocal-oriented music like opera or live recording the ssss 's will make you cringe . the midrange feel very wierd . they do make classical sound good .  they also have absolutely amazing clarity . while the frequency responce be a bit ackward , if detail of the sound be what you be look for then these be what you be look for . the duofol technology , of which i be skeptical at first , be amazing . the sound be crisp and clear . there be no moaning and droaning from these headphone . the sound be very very detail . these would be great for people listen through sound for small , quiet detail or for sample editing when wavematching be need . the detail provide be beautiful for that . so know what the headphone be design for before you punch $ 130.00 into they . they help i , so i like they , but i can see that there may be some problem for some people .
972	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be my workhorse headphone . they be open , which mean i do not miss the dinner bell or the phone ringing . they sound great , be very light , and , to shock some people , be rather comfortable . yes , i say it , these headphone be comfortable ! this be my first grado purchase , and i enjoy they so much i have to try the rs2us 's and i end up get they too ! sound : 4.5 \/ 5 grado headphone be know to favor the midrange and be fast respond headphone . definitely true . bass be there , but compare to the mid and high , its the most lack . i do not find this a major distraction , as i do not crave massive bass , and i have a portable amp that can boost bass if absolutely necessary when a basshead want to try it out and complain about lack of bass . if you enjoy rock and do not need eardrum-rattling bass , give these a try ! comfort : 5\/5 call i crazy , but these be the most comfortable headphone i have . most people complain about the ear pad and the headband , but i find the headband to be just fine , and the ear pad give more cushion than my rs2us 's , at a slight tradeoff of muffle sound a tiny bit -lrb- not too drastic , after use the headphone for 80 + hour you do not really notice it anymore -rrb- . i do not mod my headphone , but if you be willing to , these will become even more comfortable to you , and at the price-point of these headphone , it be still quite affordable for those in the know about higher quality headphone . value : 5\/5 they might not be the greatest overall sound headphone at they price-point , and some may complain about they comfort , but i find this a great deal . it be in the middle of it be class , one that span from $ 80 to $ 300 , this be around $ 150 . some people start to listen to grado and wonder how the higher end headphone sound , so start off with something like the sr80us to sr225us and if you get curious you can still afford to step up to a wooden grado set , which grado aficionado state you need for a true grado headphone sound .
345	Headphone	POS	5	the quality of these headphone be superb . audio be crisp and clear . i love the freedom of walk around the house listen to music w\/o disturbing my wife as she watch tv etc. .
872	Headphone	POS	4	i have be use these ear bud and i like they both at home and at work . they work well to reduce the constant hum of nearby computer , distant conversation etc. . they help i keep my train of thought . i also like the fact that i can save my ear because i do not have to turn up music as high . chatter beyond 10ft away mostly disappear . i be surprise by the static buzz they produce , but the noise cancel outweigh that . type seem to stand out as the most audible noise . it seem to work best on constant rumble or hum noise . it seem as if everything noisy around you get push back 20 foot . update : the left earbud stop work . sony will gladly replace the set for a processing fee of $ 46 . i be downgrade this product from 4 star to 1 star .
247	Headphone	POS	5	buy these about 3 week now , and this will be my first review due to the outstanding product i receive , i never expect so much . i have the senheissers eh150 before , they be great but uncomfortable and i could not get enough of they , i breath music for leave and i just want more , you know what i mean . so i start to read about headphone and search everywhere review so i could figure out which headphones i want . after a lot of reading i find that these be really cheap here a amazon , i mean really cheap . this be the best choice after all , do not let the price of these distract you , they be absolutely awesome . now i be have a lot of trouble organize my time because i just want to hear every single song on my itunes with these , you just hear a whole different thing , every song sound like you be listen to it for the very first time , you discover thing you do not notice before , its just surreal . . for real . buy this , you 'll never regret !! oh and i forget to mention they be very comfortable im impressed , i usually have problem with headphone , i cant use they for a long time cause they 'll bother i , this be not the case , i can wear they for day ! p . for real . . buy these ! 2nd p . if you happen to like radiohead , please buy these and listen to in rainbow with they , you 'll listen it as a whole new thing .
3	Headphone	POS	5	ive have these for a couple day and there sick , im very big on my music . there great for all type of music just adjust the eq level , worth every cent , i love v moda im never onna change brand .
607	Headphone	POS	4	my wife love these headphone . i have work in loud environment my whole life , so my hearing be not as good as hers . she use to constantly complain that i have the tv , or music too loud . while sometimes i would use a cord headphone , it be too constrict . the sound quality of this set of cordless headphone be on par with the high end cord headphone i own -lrb- bose -rrb- . while i do not get the range that other seem to get , i enjoy be able to get up and move around without be tethered to a cord . i be not a audiophile , but i do enjoy my music and will not tolerate hiss etc. . my wife have use these several time and want to know when i be get she a set . well i finally order she a set . i hope that be able to use the one docking station will be easy to pair the second set with . will update when second set arrive on ease of use to set with one docking station .
572	Headphone	POS	5	the more i use the  go - waterproof \/ sweatproof \/ sports mp3 player headphones - 2gb - in-ear earbuds style -lrb- aka wave -rrb-  at first , it take a few swimming session to figure out which ear bud best fit my ear , but ever since i figure it out , its be great . i recently institute a run regimen into the day i swim and i go from swim to run or run to swim without even take they off . pretty cool if you ask i . sometimes they loosen up in the water , but that not often since i figure out which bud to use . i use to run with my iphone , and now its just weird not carry one lol , but i can not say much more to how much i have enjoy this purchase . if you want to know , i have be run on a treadmill or elliptical . when the weather warm up , i 'll probably switch back over to the iphone because i can use runkeeper outside . for now , i be very happy ! \*\*\*\* edit \*\*\*\* so i add some song on the player and forget to screw the little cap thing to seal the usb port . i jump in the pool and boom , it stop . my fault . now i be piss i have to buy another .
81	Headphone	POS	5	these be simply a great pair of headphone ! all around the sound quality be nothing like i have ever hear on a pair of earphone . i have never buy more then a $ 20 pair of earphone but have some extra cash , love the design of these and decide to buy they . the cord do not tangle , it be amazing ! my cord always get tangle din my bag but no longer ! the design be great , i have see a few people do a double take to see what be in my ear . when you open they you might need to put in the correct size for you ear -lrb- it come with three size -rrb- so do not fret if they do not fit you ear right away . and the sound ... amazing ! it dround out all othe rnoise and you truly hear the base . i have a friend put they on and then scream at he , he do not hear a thing !
457	Headphone	POS	5	i be not a audiofile , but for the price , these headphone be great ! i do not have the problem about ring in my ear that i do with the one that go in my ear . i be mostly use they for spanish instruction . i wish the cord be beefier , though . sound be good .
372	Headphone	POS	5	i purchase these after a fair amount of review all of the wireless headphone out there . for personal comparison , i have a double pair of infrared headphone in the bedroom , and consider they be basically generic in brand , they do pretty well . these sennheiser be definitely a step-up in quality , be fairly simple to use and sound great for what i use they for , which be mostly record television program & internet-based talk radio . specifically , once they be tune , there be no static or pop noise . i like the fact that they can operate over 3 different channel , all of which can be fine-tuned . my only complaint with the tuning be that the tuning dial be right next to the volume dial and can be easily bump . they comfort be good and i hardly notice they after several hour of wear they , but they fall off fairly easy if i bend over . and , the ear pad do not close around the ear like some headphone do . battery life be pretty good & i get about 15 hour out of the no-name brand one that come with the headphone -- i expect to get about that amount of time out of my 900mah nimh rechargable aaa . the last thing i 'll mention be that the range on these be about 35-40 foot on the same floor and that be through several wall & with the transmitter sit up high . all in all , a good value right within my spending budget .
282	Headphone	POS	4	i order this pair of headphone for my motorola triumph smartphone . so far i do not have real complaint . under normal noise level the ambient noise be greatly isolate and i can hear music or person in the phone w\/o any problem . people tell i i sound a little muffle but they can understand i w\/o and problem . in noisy situation -lrb- i have worn these while mow the lawn as well as while ride my motorcycle -rrb- i still get ambient noise come through - but i can still hear the music very well . i do not play my music very loud ... usually only at around 50 % and i wear a 1\/2 helmet so i know that there be a lot of noise when i be ride . i have not have to take any call while on the bike so i be not too sure how well they will perform in that situation . the in-the-ear bud be comfortable and they stay in my ear even when i be very active . the headset come with several different tip for i to select the right size for i .
697	Headphone	POS	4	the review from some people on this site have i concern that upon use my new headphone , the cable would turn to jelly and the product would become worthless . that have not happen yet , and i be loving these headphone . they block noise out with the snug fit , and they sound great . i enjoy listen to all type of music , especially track with intricate , bass heavy beat , like those of kanye west , for example . i be hold onto my warranty , which i believe be 2 month . so far , so good .
115	Headphone	POS	5	my wife have fit the earplug to she ear and it really seem to fit she well . if she ear would have be very different , they still would have fit just fine as there be plenty of optional size include . the length and strength of the cord be bonus because she use the elliptical machine and the treadmill at the gym regularly , so she do not have to be right on top of the earphone jack for it to reach . that be a small review , but she really like the earphone . i 'll have to get she to give a more in depth review .
677	Headphone	POS	4	the sound be alright but the bass could be stronger . the cord be prone to break if you wrap it too often ; a pair of these last i only 3 month or so with regular use -lrb- like 4 hour a day -rrb- . if you need something light to carry when you travel then these be for you . if you be like i , -lrb- someone who listen to music all the time -rrb- sound quality be extremely important you should invest in some higher quality headphone . a extra ten buck can get you a pair with padded earphone , a longer cord , and a better overall product .
897	Headphone	POS	5	i suppose i can consider myself a audiophile . i have try quite a few different headphone and probably own 5-6 different pair . these headphone be perfect , they be really comfy and the quality of the sound be fantastic .
665	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these as a replacement for my broken px 200s 1st edition . my experience with the 1st gen be that they be great overall , although they have the follow con : 1 . the cable be make up of two individual wire . this mean that the cable would get tangle upon itself and just about every time id put they on , i would have to spin the cable around to get it straighten 2 . the cable split to both ear piece . this result in the cable always be directly under you chin which could at time be awkward 3 . extend use -lrb- 1 hour or more -rrb- make my ear get sweaty , regardless of volume the 2nd gen have correct each of the above mention issue . the cable be one solid wire , mean no tangle . the cable only connect to the left ear piece , mean that the wire go down more gracefully by the side of you face . ive wear they to the gym 3 or 4 time , and have not experienced much ear-sweat , if any . quality\/comfort i be not a audiophile , but in my opinion the sound quality be great for gym usage with hip hop\/rock\/techno playlist . the headphone block out the music playing at my gym quite nicely , which be critical because lifetime fitness have invest in a quality sound system which they use to blast britney spears and rihanna all day . they be as comfortable as any other headphone i have ever worn , although i have not use that many well know headphone besides the 1st gen and some lower price sennheiser model . spec : the cable be roughly 4 foot long , with the volume controller be about 1 foot away from the end of the cord . one other aspect of the volume controller that be worth note be that it have a `` clip '' mechanism on the back of it that allow you to attach it to you shirt\/pants\/etc . they be closed style , which mean that nearby people will not be able to hear they ... make they a nice option for work environment . one more nice feature be that you can turn the ear piece 90 degree -lrb- so that if you be wear the headphone around you neck , the ear piece will be point outwards -rrb- to make they more collapsible for storage . you can also point the ear cup outwards and play music for friend or yourself . con : the only con i be aware of so far be that they do not collapse quite as nicely as the 1st gen because the volume controller get in the way . they still collapse though -lrb- just not as well -rrb- , which allow for more convenient storage than 95 % of decent sound portable headphone . summary : if i be in the market for a portable headphone , i would buy these again ... as long as they be within $ 20 of the first generation version .
591	Headphone	POS	4	so i buy a pair and receive they today . i be happy with the packaging and all but all i be really concern about be that the `` l '' and `` r '' symbol be both write towards the inside of the little square metal piece -lrb- towards where the bud face you ear for each earpiece instead of towards the back of they -rrb- . i do not know if this be a indication that its fake or something , but the beats symbol be also a little scratch . the zipper on my case have already have paint chip , also , be the warranty really 3 year ? do anyone else have the same problem ? do these problem indicate that these headphone be fake ?
600	Headphone	POS	5	find the piece so wonderful thank you and i advise to deal with this person to the credibility and sincerity to deal with other
32	Headphone	POS	5	be wear some ear bud for week now , and they never feel good in my ear ; never have like they . since i arrive here at this new company , people all have nice headphone . i find these , and they be price right , buy they , and can truly say - sennheiser hd 202 ii rock . i listen to a eclectic variety of music , from slayer to carrie underwood to shinedown to texas hippie coalition and i can say that all sound fantastic on these . much better than annoying ear bud . if you be look for decent headphone for a low price , look no further .
787	Headphone	POS	5	buy this amp recently to drive some high-end headphone while use my ipod . i have to say that i be really impressed . this little amp easily power my akg 702 's , which be massive phone , and my bose over the ear phone as well . for my taste , use only the first bass setting be perfect , and the sound i get from the ipod be unbelievable . with a good set of phone , this little amp work very well . the fullness and clarity of sound be better than i expect , by a long shot . the amp strap easily to the ipod , with a silicon band , which be provide . i do have to buy the ipod patch cable to connect properly , but all in all , this be a great investment . i have only own this product a couple week , but , the listen enjoyment i have already have certainly justify the price , and then some . i do have the opportunity to try one belong to a friend , but as soon as i do , i immediately get on line and order my own . if you want some very nice portable sound , this unit , at this price be hard to beat i should also mention that this amp charge easily by usb , and hold a charge for a very long time . in two week , i have charge it once , but do not really need to , and just want a full charge . i highly recommend this product .
318	Headphone	POS	5	i mainly use my ipod for work out on aerobic equipment at the gym -lrb- treadmill , stepper , bike , etc -rrb- . i have be look for some earphone to replace the one apple give you with the ipod . although those offer decent sound , they be damned uncomfortable and make my ear hurt after 30 minute -lrb- i do not understand why can not apple include comfortable earbud with they product ! -rrb- i do a lot of research before buy these v-moda bass freq earbud . at first i be go to get some sony earbud , but after read about the problem with the cord spontaneously disintegrate , i decide against it and go for the v-moda instead . all i can say be : wow ! i think the sound from the apple earbud be pretty good , but it be nothing compare to the v-moda 's . as you would expect , the sound be rather `` bassy , '' but the high be also quite crisp . i would not say it be perfect , but really it be extremely good . i be very very pleased with this purchase ! i mainly use my ipod at the gym . as you can imagine it get pretty noisy there and i wind up have to crank up the sound on my ipod to hear the music well . these v-moda 's fit in my ear extremely comfortably and actually provide a great deal of noise blocking . all that extra noise create by the other treadmill and bike around i be 70 to 80 percent block out ! i be quite amaze . and this allow i to hear the music clearly , therefore i do not need to crank the volume of my ipod so high . the music sound so much better than usual that it motivate i to exercise longer -- because i be really enjoy the sound of the music so much ! since they be earbud , you do have to place they rather deeply into you ear canal to achieve the correct bass and noise-blocking effect . you may need to fiddle with it a little bit to get all the bass effect . but the earbud be a not uncomfortable . in fact , i wear they for a hour and forget that they be on . extremely comfortable ! i have only own they for a couple of week so i can not comment on they durability , but i be very careful with my stuff so i expect they to last a long time . i plan to order one or two more pair . oh , and by the way , i also order a pair of iluv 301 because they be inexpensive -- the sound do not even begin to compare . the iluv 301 's produce a tinny little sound , whereas these v-moda bass freq 's be terrific . it be like compare a transister radio to a 100-watt speaker . overall i give the v-moda bass freq 's five star for quality , sound , noise blocking , and a good value for the money !
415	Headphone	POS	5	i would say that these be a great value for the price . i like a lot of bass , but there be not a overwhelming amount of bass . the treble be crisp and cymbal be not pingy , they be crisp and precise . for the price of $ 14.99 , these earphone be a incredible value . the treble be crisp , the bass be great . and consider i have a 200 watt infinity sub on my home system , i know good bass when i hear it . these earphone be comfortable and sound great . i use they everyday at school with my portable cd player , and let i say i be extremely satisfy with they . consider i purchase these to replace a pair of $ 75 sony earphones , and i be more satisfied with these , i be extremely impressed . the only reason i can think of why somebody would give these a bad review , be if they purchase a pair of sennheiser pro series which run minimum $ 150 a pair . these earphone have the best quality for the money ! do not pass these up !
580	Headphone	POS	5	down below be my original review for this product but like many of the review post here my headphone crack just a month after very carefull use and i mean very carefull luckly i have one day leave to return they , that be a real shame i really like this product hopefully they will fix it if they would guarantee i that they fix it i would definatelly buy they again . `` this headphone be way better than i have expect . the sound be just great kind of bulky but still very good , i have have they for a week now and i be just very satisfied , i hope that they do not brake like some other people have complaint about , i connect my smt 56oo and they sound great . if you be look for headphone for casual listen to music look no more . if you happen to own that particular phone i recomend buy `` my lyric magic '' player for smartphone , be a fantastic software that will make you music sound like heaven . definately a great buy , one thing though , they might be a little too big for the average woman . people must take into account the sound quality greatly depend on what kind of fit they get from the heaphone , if they be too big for they head there will not be a lot of tension , therefore the quality of music greatly diminihs . so dont ' complain of the sound quality if they do not really get a good fit . another thing this heaphone will turn head , i do not know whether its because they kind of look like some headphone that darth vader would use but people do notice they , if you be not bother by that then you should be ok . they be definately worth a try . ''
478	Headphone	POS	5	emptystring
235	Headphone	POS	5	got these for eight dollar ... great purchase . the sound quality be outstanding for such a low price . i can pick out instrument i have never hear before in some song .
267	Headphone	POS	4	i have read all kind of review of this one on amazon before i place the order . after i get the product , i be so pleased that it depress most of the ambient noise . i be so happy that i do not even hear the buzz make by my desktop computer fan . it be just great for such price . and the sound be just ok for i -- i be not a audiophile , i just use it to listen to mp3 . the only reason i do not give it a full score be it be not so comfortable to wear it for a long time .
306	Headphone	POS	5	i be completely satisfy . i just fly commercial carrier across the country . the engine drone be reduce significantly allow i to really enjoy a mp3 player , read , and sleep , yet still be able to easily hear airline personnel , announcement , and passenger . the under $ 30.00 price be perfect .
543	Headphone	POS	5	this product do exactly what i expect of it . it have good volume , tone and no background noise and very comfortable to wear . it be line of site transmission but that be not a problem the way i use they . i would not hesitate to purchase they again
818	Headphone	POS	5	this be a great little set of headphone . they be light weight and easy to wear . i listen to book with they day after day and have never have a problem .
69	Headphone	POS	4	i find that these earbud sound very good . the cord be a little of a problem keep untangled . but i think you have that problem with most earbud . otherwise they be very comfortable . just hope they be durable because i do not have they very long yet . but i use they every single day .
414	Headphone	POS	4	i get these earphone for $ 5 , and it be definitely worth it . they be pretty good and have nice sound quality -lrb- at least as good as the ipod earphone but probably a bit better -rrb- . they have a weird bump on they to try and make they fit in you ear better which get annoy at time but overall they be not bad . so if you be look for some decent earphone and want to spend a small amount of money , i would recommend these .
703	Headphone	POS	5	this may not be the most expensive earbud you can buy , but the sound be incredibly warm with enough bass to satisfy . i have purchase two set so far . one for i and one for my wife . she be no audiophile but love the sound .
965	Headphone	POS	5	i spend at least 10 hour a week in these mix music professionally . i have own mine since the late 80 and have two pair : one for home and one for work . i have replace the earpad about every 8 year . these be quite simply one of the best ten product i have ever own . the sound quality be unparalleled . they be efficient enough to be drive loud from a computer or a ipod . i have a super large head and these be very comfortable . those of you complain they be too tight do not understand how to adjust they - pull the earpiece down if they be too tight . i have never find a better pair at any price . the fact that these be under $ 100 , last essentially forever , and sound superb , be a modern miracle . flat frequency response as high as any human ear can hear and lower than most any equipment can produce , and yet the sound be please from just about any source . buy a pair of they without hesitation . you 'll never regret it .
825	Headphone	POS	5	just get these today , but i shop around for some time , i have the studio beat for a couple of week , and decide they be not worth the price . . these go well , for the average audiophile . . if you be look for some durable , good look , and good perform headphone , that be comfortable . . there be no better choice ... i really hope v-moda continue make product of this caliber , as i be very impressed with the pair i have ... and they be not overprice . . if you have a need for headphone and have a extra 100-200 buck to spend . . get these , you wont be disappointed .
236	Headphone	POS	4	they have good sound -- a bit too much bass for some genre -- but overall very good . i have have they about a year and listen w \/ they mostly at the gym . last week they crapped-out : a apparent short in the line cause they to only work on one channel now . very disappointed !
523	Headphone	POS	5	first let i say great review j. governalus . for the fool sit in you room think these be go to block out you mom yell at you ... try read the manual . if you have not try the noise cancel on a airplane or another noisy low freq form of transportation , do not write a review .
250	Headphone	POS	5	sennheiser rs120 mhz rf headphone w\/charging cradle . buy this for my husband for christmas . it be a first class headphone set . he love it and we have not have any problem with this product . thank you .
89	Headphone	POS	5	solid . you get exactly what you think you be get . not the most comfortable in the world but not a big deal .
440	Headphone	POS	4	reason you should buy this product - the use : 1 - the ear pad be in general pretty comfortable , however long duration of use may cause some discomfort . 2 - the folding aspect of the headphone work well , it may take some time to get use to , but it be somewhat intuitive . 3 - i be afraid the hinge design for the ear pad may not stand the test of time . the connection element be rather weak and i can see that through time , it will be the first thing to break . 4 - the overall finish for the ear pad and its adjacent plastic be acceptable , however , the # 4 finish on the stainless steel head band be a bit rough . the sound : 1 - the low frequency be very satisfactory consider how small the driver be , the bass be tight and balanced . 2 - the mid frequency be not rpxc 250 's strongest suit , so if you be very picky about voice and string music , this be not the one . 3 - the high frequency be in general pretty good . although slightly harsh when compare to my grado 60 and akg 701 , it be generally acceptable as a travel headset . 4 - as a travel headset it combine smallness and lightness with a decent quality of sound . the noise cancelling capacity : have compare the pxc250 to the bose quietcomfort 3 at a apple store , i can attest the noise cancel aspect of the pxc work comparable to the bose product .
266	Headphone	POS	5	i have a hard time with headphone . these be great - there be a plethora of option for the ear bud portion and the over the ear part be mold-able ensure that they stay on you ear regardless of the shape and activity . if only they be waterproof .
735	Headphone	POS	5	this be a great idea to swim listen to music i be so glad i buy this
946	Headphone	POS	5	i buy a few earphone , and i have to say these be one of the better one . the ipod earphone be horrible ... and they really hurt my ear . i be surprise when i get these because i could actually hear the bass ! they cancel other noise really well , and it be cheap . i mean for it be price i must say i be very impress . great for run , however i think these be yellow ... but they be green . : -lrb-
854	Headphone	POS	5	i do not bother with spec . i use they , they be great . only thing i would change be the long cord . who need 10 foot for a portable mp3 player . but that be easy to solve with a wire tie . the 10 foot do come in handy for listen to my mp3 's on my computer . i have 10 foot to dance around in , instead of the 4 ft. on my older , lower quality sony headphone . so , if you be into spec , i can not help you , but if you just want some great headphone at a great price , these should work for you . they be crisp , but can thump when call upon , too .
9	Headphone	POS	4	pro : great headphone for the price . worked right out of the box . good sound . charge battery 's very well . con : they fit a little loose on you head and slide off when bend over .
114	Headphone	POS	5	i get these as a father 's day gift and be blow away by they . not only do they block outside sound even at low level better than some noice cancel headphone i have try -lrb- at 3 time the price -rrb- the sound quality be really amazing . use lossless audio -lrb- flac -rrb- i can hear every nuance of music i have never hear before . it be like listen to music i have be listen to for year for the first time . highly recommend .
558	Headphone	POS	4	i buy noise canceling headphone to use at my work to avoid distraction . i be overall satisfied with my purchase . sometimes i find this headphone be little heavy because this require a battery . voice quality be pretty good .
431	Headphone	POS	5	pro : these be great headphone . they be extremely loud and give out great sound . on my laptop i would normally have my volume at 100 % and have problem hear it -lrb- use on the ear headphone -rrb- , but with these i need my laptop around 25 % and i can not hear anything outside of the music playing . con : these headphone be over the ear and if they would be just a little bit farther from the ear they would not start to press against my ear . after about 6 hour it start to hurt the edge of my ear -lrb- but it may be just i , because i have some big ear -rrb- . but this usually go away after 5 min of have they off and they i be ready for another hour . hope i help .
170	Headphone	POS	5	i be a audiophile , and what i can say be that these headphone sound like speaker that cost thousand of dollar -lrb- after 1 month of burn-in time they do , and remember match they with a amp -rrb- . highly recommend . burn them in 3 month and listen again people .
6	Headphone	POS	5	i 'll state up front that i be no audiophile , but i love music and i be pretty picky about how my music sound . i order these so i can listen to some of my `` parental advisory label '' song at work : -rrb- and let i tell you , for the price you would be hard-pressed to do better . the sound be just awesome , i can not even find the right adjective to describe it . rich , full , textured , deep , etc. etc. . you get the idea . i could pick up tiny detail and even flaw in the music . i also find they to be very comfortable once i get they properly adjust , but i will also say that i be a girl , and my ear and head be probably smaller than a lot of guy ' ear . i get headache from anything that clamp my head too much or be too heavy , which be a problem with a lot of headphone . the eh-150 be light and rest on the head without be too tight , which be a huge plus for i . overall i would say they be totally worth what you be go to pay for they . to get much better than this , you would have to go up considerably in price , and hey , some of we have other thing to spend money on besides a $ 500 pair of headphone - like actual music to listen to . : -rrb- get these can !
506	Headphone	POS	4	i be first introduce to what we now call the 71ex series by a good friend from beijing who let i borrow hers : i fall in love and have to get a pair when i make my first trip to japan . those be fontopia n.u.d.e. ex70 series - soon to be replace by the 71ex with less clingy cord and more trim head -lrb- same driver\/innards -rrb- . in short - these bud be pretty awesome . since that first pair , i have own two other set -lrb- 3 total -rrb- , due to rain , a washer , and a washer\/dryer run respectively . here be a breakdown : - comfort : the top . easy to sleep\/nap in - its entirely possible to forget you be wear they . still , inner-ear bud be not for everyone . if you be new to this style , give these a fair chance to get use to em ' before declare they uncomfy ; -rrb- . - isolation : great . effective enough to avoid use these while driving\/cycling\/attending a lecture . very nice feature when try to take a nap or otherwise tuning out noisy surroundings . - inexpensive ... certainly a plus as you will not break the bank if you break em ' or decide inner-ear bud be not right for you - sound quality : fair mid , crisp high , and strong but somewhat muddly low -lrb- i.e. rapid bass drum hit will sound more like `` thummm-thummm '' than `` thmp ! thmp ! '' -rrb- . if i have to rate these on sound quality alone , i would probably give these 3\/5 star , but the above benefit bump it up higher , and be the reason i keep buy the same bud even after accidentally ruin they multiple time . in summary : a highly recommend introduction to the world of inner-ear bud . great way to try the style out without diving head-first with you wallet . for a step up in quality\/price , search amazon\/google for cx300 -lrb- ~ $ 30 -rrb- , ex85\/ex90 -lrb- ~ $ 60 -rrb- , v-moda vibe -lrb- ~ $ 75 -rrb- . also recommend study up at the ilounge headphone forum - invaluable resource for nonfanboy observation regard these and many other model .
373	Headphone	POS	5	i purchase these headphone refurbish for $ 10 . i be not a audiophile and therefore can not give a detailed review , but i can say as a seasoned consumer that for $ 10 -lrb- shipping include ! -rrb- , it be hard to go wrong here .
666	Headphone	POS	4	so i recently buy these at seatac airport for pretty much 3time the price offer on amazon -lrb- supply and demand be a b@#%& -rrb- but i must say they be surprisingly a decent pair of earbud . the squishy tip can get lose easily ... ive already lose one ... but i love that they mold into you ear . i have the worst luck with anything i have to stick in my ear and im happy to say i have not have any inner ear pain from wear they for hour at a time ... in conclusion ... nothing 's perfect ... 4 star ...
852	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these as a temporary replacement for a set of motorola rokr s305 headphone that die after 3 month . although i eventually receive a replacement set of the motorolas , they remain in the box as these baby continue to out-perform they . they be not the best look headphone ever and they feel a bit cheap but they sound fine and the battery life be terrific . the motorolas might last for 2-3 gym session before they die but these baby easily last for 20 session before i recharge they . and this be always because i worry they might be run low , not because they run out of juice . frankly for ~ $ 27 they be a steal .
865	Headphone	POS	5	nice huge headphone with very decent bass and a pretty solid build . cord be short , but i like that because i only use it for my computer while i do hw . cheap and decent headphone .
511	Headphone	POS	5	the headphone be very good , and they come exactly how describe on the website . very rugged , and comfortable , however the only drawback be that i can not work out with these headphone due to the leather cushion . but other then that , i would defintely recommend these
627	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these headphone over 3 year ago , and they be still go strong . i use they in the office only , so they get little abuse -lrb- e.g. i do not blast the bass at work , or anything -rrb- . i have drop they a number of time , though , and they do not break . the sound quality be good for listen to cd , but like i say , i do not blast the bass or anything . finally , they be extremely comfortable . i wear they for 7 + hour some day and they do not bother i one bit .
860	Headphone	POS	5	fiio 's e7 be a portable amp\/digital-analog converter -lrb- dac -rrb- . what that mean be that the e7 can be use as both as a portable headphone amplifier , and to replace you computer 's sound card when connect via the usb cable for better audio quality . the e7 offer solid construction and great value at its price point , which make it a must-buy over comparable product at this price range . the e7 come in a very compact box , when open , the box include the e7 itself -lrb- look akin to a tiny solid block -rrb- and a bunch of accessory . note that when first open , the e7 do not come charge ; it must be recharge use the provide usb cable for a couple minute . once the wait be over though , the little portable dac\/amp do wonder . use the provide usb cable with the e7 allow it to be use as a dac\/amp in lieu of you computer 's sound card . previously , i be use the stock sound card in my macbook pro as the dac , and the e7 completely elevate the sound quality to another level . immediately , i could hear detail across the board with my sennheiser hd 555 . i hear entire instrument line that i have never hear before . the e7 even come with a build in headphone splitter , which be great to use to share my music with other . the construction be solid , although prone to scratch . i have drop my e7 carelessly many time , yet it remain function perfectly except that the surface be laden with many scratch . for easy to drive headphone like the sennheiser hd 555 , the build in amplifier be plenty and will power the headphone to perfect listening level at 10\/60 . when use the e7 as a portable amp , use the provide line in-out cable in order to connect you mp3 player\/dap with the device . the sound quality leap be not as pronounced as i be just use the amp portion of the dac\/amp ; and that be probably the only criticism of the e7 for i . still though , a marginal change in audio quality can be observe with my portapro ; manifest in the form of greater warmth and slightly better bass\/highs clarity . the bass boost come in handy outside , where i be a far more casual than analytical listener . to conclude , the e7 be a great dac ; it be build with solid material and have future upgrade potential with the e9 . however , the e7 be by no means perfect . just buy the e7 to use as a amp be perhaps not a great idea , as i later find out when try to drive sennheiser hd 600 with the e7 . still , the e7 's advantage lie with its price point and versatility , and i would definitely buy the product again give a chance . user with a great dac and\/or sound card would obviously want to reconsider though ; and those with higher end audiophile headphone -lrb- like the hd600\/dt880\/etc . -rrb- can buy the e7 if ampless but note that the e7 alone , without the e9 , can not drive those phone to they full potential .
257	Headphone	POS	5	this be probably one of the best sound ear bud that i have ever purchase . the high be excellent and the low be even better . the sound be crisp and do not distort when volume be turn up . highly recommend .
829	Headphone	POS	4	i really like sennheiser because they sell quality product at reasonable price . these headphone be no exception . i get it at $ 21 , which be a steal . the sound quality be almost as good as a $ 70 pair of headphone i be use before . when compare these to bose quietcomfort 15 acoustic , the bose be noticeably better . but , i pay $ 21 vs. $ 300 it cost for the bose . my only complaint be that these headphone have the bass frequency slightly increase . i be from the old-school and do not believe in use a equalizer or change the frequency . regardless , these headphone be great . and to truly enjoy they , use they to listen to you favorite cd -lrb- mp3 will do these headphone no justice -rrb- .
416	Headphone	POS	5	due to the fine quality and affordable price of this product , i now sleep peacefully at night while my husband be able to watch he favorite late night show . thank you sony for bring peace into we bedroom again !
425	Headphone	POS	4	great for the gym\/yardwork . not a audiophile or anything , but i know what i like in `` less-than - $ 50 '' in-ear headphone . bass be not too overwhelming as in most of these type of bud , mid be fine & the high can be a little too high at time , but tweaking the eq setting on you ipod\/zune\/mp3 player should do the trick . do not try to compare these to $ 100 + in-ear headphone ... apple to orange . just know that these fit the bill at the price .
133	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone work great and have spectacular sound . the only thing i do not really like about they be that wear these headphone for more than a couple hour get quite uncomfortable .
517	Headphone	POS	4	these be a good replacement for the ipod ear bud , which i hate ! they do not cost much , they do not fall out of you ear and it do not bother i when i end up give they away to my nephew and neice , when they lose they headphone .
653	Headphone	POS	5	the sound quality from these be good , esp the headphone - phenomenal bass . they be both so comfortable , and i love the little case for the bud .
402	Headphone	POS	5	if you be look for accurate music reproduction these be probably the cheapest good headphone you can get . they hold they own against much more expensive one , both from sennheiser and other brand -lrb- i also own a sennheiser hd580 and have use several other -rrb- . ergonomics be excellent as well , i can wear they morning through evening without `` ear burn '' . much recommend !
462	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these headphone after read the review and the good rating . all i can say be these headphone be probably the best headphone i have ever own . the sound be phenomenal . i sometime use they for watch movie on my laptop the sound be so good it sound as if i be at the theater . music the high , mid , low come through very well . for the price you cant beat it . these headphone can go for much more than what they cost .
618	Headphone	POS	4	in the store , this item would have cost i 30 % more . the ipod lanyard arrive promptly , and the sound portion appear to be work just fine . i have give it a 4 out of 5 because when i disconnect it from my ipod the metal cover on the piece that pull out sometimes separate from the innards . i have to be really careful with it , and i hope this will not effect it be longevity .
782	Headphone	POS	4	good pair of headphone . sound good with lot of bass . they also be loud . comfortable ear piece fit right in and dont hurt you ear if leave in a long time . recommend this product .
75	Headphone	POS	4	these sound great , but like other have say , not much bass . i still think they sound great . if you be use these for home theater beware that the cord be not that long . i plug it into my receiver and be unable to sit down on the sofa because of the short cord . i will have to move my receiver one of these day , but overall for the price i still say you can not go wrong with these can .
816	Headphone	POS	5	until they give in , that be . i be a serious gamer and spend hour after hour in front of the computer . i be look for a headset that would not hurt my ear , be light , produce surround sound and sport a rumble bass . i have try a variety of other but if yu be look only for a headphone -lrb- not a headset -rrb- there be nothing i have find that beat this thing . so much , actually , that after a considerable time and my previous one sometimes succumb to the bass and indicate a loom failure , i order a second one in advance . this headset be extremely light and sound better than anything i have try as a gamer before . give the low price , this be nothing short of astonishing .
465	Headphone	POS	5	i have be go through several pair of open , on-ear full-size headphone but i need to get earbud that block noise and do not leak like crazy -lrb- like my open one do -rrb- anyways , i be a bit skeptical when i order these -lrb- after read comparison on head-fi forum -rrb- but i have be nothing short of impressed . here be one tip - if you get in-ear earbud make sure they come with different size earpiece . these headphone do . this be extremely important !!! if they do not , plan to buy some separately . everyone 's ear be different in size so make sure the earpiece fit right . sound = 4\/5 bass = 4\/5 noise cancelling = superb for this price point -lrb- mine be sixteen -rrb- you can not find something that be this sturdy and with this sound quality . they be awesome ! earbud may induce massive wax attacks : also , if you not use to wear in-ear earbud - be aware - because the earbud be a `` foreign object , '' you ear canal might -lrb- like mine do -rrb- produce ear wax to combat it . yuk ! i clean my ear before and after i use these guy . bottom line : get these headphone - they be affordable sturdy sound great ample bass isolate well come with different size earpiece well design - leave be shorter than the right , which wrap around behind you head also - you can lie down with they in you ear because they do not stick out like other do
331	Headphone	POS	4	these be phenomenally accurate can for the price . a tiny bit cold in the mid-range but spatial accuracy be just astounding for this kind of scratch - with reasonable-quality source material , you 'll hear terrific detail . they be also incredibly comfortable for long-term use - no hot ear or sore lobe . my only gripe be the bass , which be slightly overemphasize and sometimes come off as `` boomy '' depend on the recording , almost enough to start color the lower mid . i think i 'll keep these , but if you be really look for accuracy , you might want to roll off the bass a bit with equalization to get these perfectly flat . otherwise , these sound as good as can and iem cost 2-3 time as much . if you love bass and like to feel it in you head , you 'll really take to these .
364	Headphone	POS	4	my wife and i use this splitter with two earphone set with a kindle fire to watch a movie on a cross country plane ride . it work . it do require a little twist of the plug for one of the earphone set immediately after it be insert in the splitter to get stereo sound . but , both earphone set work after that .
150	Headphone	POS	5	hi have anyone use these with window phone 7 phone ? wonder if the mic\/fwd\/rev \/ vol control work with window phone 7 base phone ?
525	Headphone	POS	5	i use they to play with the xbox 360 and they work very well . the surround effect work great give you the front rear separation in the game . and for 13 buck they be a bargain . i be no expert and i suppose that there be headphone that give you the best quality surround sound but for play at night and do not wake everybody in the house they work great . i do not see the point of give you the rechargeable battery option since one will probably have they plug in next to the xbox , tv , dvd , etc. .
902	Headphone	POS	5	nice fit , retractable cord , good noise cancel but not great but for the price how can you complain .
209	Headphone	POS	4	i go thru several brand , and a lot of cash , try to find that combination of function and form . these earbud come with 3 size of ` ear plug ' , and the small one actually fit . what a relief ! i take a while , but i finally find a pair of earbud that fit and sound great ! i have be listen to my mp3 player everywhere from work to the beach of cancun , and have be extremely happy with the sound quality and comfort . you will not be disapppoint if you buy these .
576	Headphone	POS	5	i just receive my order to day and they be everything and more that i want form a pair of professional headphone ! only problem be that they apparently pull more power from my ipod and drain the battery faster . but the sound quality be worth it !
452	Headphone	POS	4	i just get they and they be super comfortable . i almost can not feel they around my ear . great bass response ... just all around great product .
956	Headphone	POS	5	very nice headphone . they sit lightly around you ear and provide crisp clear sound . cord be a bit too long , but do come with 1\/4 '' adapter . these dont feel like they could survive trench warfare , but then again you most likely be buy they to use while sit at a desk . for the price they be awesome and you will not regret this purchase .
884	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be wonderful . they be the best pair of headphone i have ever own . i consider myself a audiophile . i have no electronic background but have purchase many high-end piece of audio equipment over the past 30 year . i currently own several headphone include the ah-d2000 -lrb- i purchase these for my daughter -rrb- and the ultimate ears triple . fi10 earbud to use when i travel . i be sure i would love the ah-d7000 but i feel the $ 600 difference be probably not justifiable . i be able to purchase these for $ 399 . there be a small , but noticeable , sound quality difference between the 2000 and 5000 headphone that i feel the less than $ 200 difference between they be worth it . bass be deeper without distortion . treble note be crisper . midrange be fuller . although i can listen to classical music , my preference be classic rock . pink floyd dark side of the moon and the wall sound fantastic . led zeppelin be amazing . for those that have comment that these headphone need a external amp to drive they , i disagree . although the majority of the time i listen to they use my pioneer elite receiver and they sound great , i plug they into my ipod and they sound very good . the quality of the music be not as full , rich , and `` powerful '' sound but more than i expect , especially give the review i read . i do not know if i would opt for the 5000 over the 2000 if the price differential be over $ 300 -lrb- i have see they from $ 399 to $ 699 -rrb- ; but , i feel it be a bargain at the $ 140 difference when i buy they .
724	Headphone	POS	4	really good investment . they work extremely well , do not hurt my ear , and i do not have to pay too much . if the price seem to good to be true , trust i , it be a good deal . i get it within a week , and i have have it 3 week now . no problem .
613	Headphone	POS	5	i just receive it today and i see no problem , and hear no problem . i use this so i can play my piano keyboard without anyone else hearing and for that purpose i have no issue .
631	Headphone	POS	5	these be really awesome headphone . my ear be too little for the ear bud headphone so i need something inexpensive , lightweight , and with booming bass - these headphone fit the bill to a `` t '' . i love they .
352	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these headphone for 4.99 + free shipping , sound quality be pretty good , volume be quite high for watch any programm on my laptop . as mention it come with extra bass . overall much better product compare to any product you buy at doller store .
83	Headphone	POS	5	i have order a pair of bluetooth headphone from hp . only have they a few month and they break in the middle . try to get they replace but they could not do that so i go on line to find something else and the logitech pair look ok so i buy they . great ! strong ! sound be great . pair easy . just what i want .
262	Headphone	POS	5	very good sound quality , feel good in the head . no cut . easy pairing . long lasting battery . it make a good comfortable companion .
380	Headphone	POS	4	i recently buy these for a vacation i be go on . mainly only use they on the airplane . could use they but the engine noice be very noticable . for the money they do well and in all fairness they preformed as i think they would . if you look for headphone that cancel out noice not the headphone for you but if you look for a reasonable sound under normal condition they not bad .
175	Headphone	POS	4	i agonize a few day over my new selection - so many option . sound quality be so subjective . i mostly ignore that aspect in review , but i will say that `` i '' like the quality and find it superior to any of the dozen or so sub $ 40 bud i have use -lrb- and lose -rrb- . i be surprised and pleased with the quality of the low-end part of the spectrum . the other element i be after be `` tangle-resistance '' . these be so resistant , they may be make of a yet-undisclosed state of matter , solid , but ... ; -rrb- they also be very comfortable with a good isolation seal of the ear canal . the dark red color of the the cable and the nice little case may help i hang on to these for more than a year ! the only niggle i can cite be the `` rasp '' of sound conduction via the cable as it move on you clothing . however , i consider this to be minor and be expect with tangle-resistance . all in all , a good value .
725	Headphone	POS	5	works great ! have older model for year - it be ok , but the reception be often fuzzy . this one be spot on from the get-go - of course , it cost more ...
581	Headphone	POS	4	as expect with bose , these headphone provide excellent sound . the balance between the lower and higher register be excellent . listen to bach , i could hear the violin and the cello with equal clarity . the headphone do a good job of block out sound so i definately discourage use of this product while drive a automobile -lrb- however use at home when the wife be around it be another matter - smack ! -rrb- . the weight and bulk of the headphone limit it be use somewhat and i would not recommend use these headphone during a heavy workout . admittedly , i have not price this product -lrb- it be a gift -rrb- with other product and my four star be conditional upon this product be within a relevant range of the competition . this be my first pair of quality headphone , i have to say that for use in the office work on a spreadsheet , there be nothing i have try that be better .
407	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these earbud from my university bookstore and do not expect much for 9 buck and change , but i be prove wrong ! the song from these earbud be excellent . they beat in in-ear headphone by a mile , simulate surround sound . i have have these earbud for over 3 1\/2 month and the earbud be still do the job ...
923	Headphone	POS	4	i have be buy the sennheiser pmx 60 for a few year because they stay in place no matter what activity i be do and they sound quality while listen to talk radio . well , after use my philip headphone , i be not go back ! these headphone be much less expensive , stay in place and have superior sound quality . i use to switch to a different headphone to listen to my mp3 player but can now use my philip for both . the only thing i can not comment on be durability and from read comment by other buyer , they may not hold up . not know about durability be why i give 4 star instead of 5 .
35	Headphone	POS	4	so , my skullcandy earbud die on i a few week ago . i need something cheap and good to replace they , and i run into these . they produce about the same sound i would expect from my brand new logitech speaker i use for my computer , and they produce the best sound i have ever hear in a speaker without spend hundred of dollar . the review convince i , and thus far they be the best pair i have own . the only reason i give it 4 star instead of 5 be the difficulty in swap the part that go in you ear . you basically have to turn the outer part inside out and pinch and wiggle the inner part that attach to the speaker until it catch . i suppose that mean they be more durable and will last longer , but it be a pain .
218	Headphone	POS	5	closed-back + circumaural + accurate sound = heck yes ! or quit good , sir . hd 215 be solid both at home and in noisy environment such as train , coffee house , massage-parlor police raid and civil war amputation tent . they be closed-back so they cut a good amount of ambiant-noise but they do so without sound closed-in or can . circumaural ? they go around the ear , man , not on they . so they be comfortable for the entire ride , man . and they be light-weight to boot . so there be no need to work out the neck prior to purchase . rock on or keep groovin ' or relax into the full spectrum of audio pleasure ... whichever you like .
122	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone have a excellent sound quality for the price . it have a deep bass that , in my opinion , be well balance with the high and low . i play bass guitar , so i tent to enjoy a bass that be a little more pronounced rather then be subdue . the headphone themselves , while large in size , be comfortable and durable . my wife stretch they to they limit to place this on she belly so we soon-to-be-born son can listen , and there be no damage or stretch on the part of the headphone . after have use earbud for so long , i be amaze at the nuance in my music and movie that i can hear with these headphone . great job sony !
355	Headphone	POS	5	well ... at first i be surprise at how small these headphone be . the actual speaker be not too big so it be not wierd wear they and they fold up well and easily . the noise isolation be not great but it be much better than those retched ipod -lrb- bleh -rrb- headphone i have ! overall , this product be pretty darn good .
991	Headphone	POS	5	in reality i give these a 4.5 since sweat destroy they . but thankfully i do not buy they for exercise . they have stay in my ear without any discomfort or agitation for several hour . sound be balanced , bass be full , and it come with a array of ear piece to ensure you get a good fit . if you can do physical activity without sweating these make be suitable bud for you , but otherwise you be look at a very short lifespan with wetness on these . though the cord and ear piece be design well the material feel a tiny bit cheap , so you definitely want to take great care of you set . you can easily do so by store it in the small case it come with . overall great sound , excellent design . if they make it in a sturdier material without change touching sound quality , i would happily buy that pair as well .
575	Headphone	POS	5	i hear stuff on these that i never even know exist on my cd . when i play guitar through they , i actually hear the pick touch the string before the note be pluck -lrb- that be a good thing -rrb- . the padding match the sound quality , too . they have heavenly soft padding that be so comfortable , i can -lrb- and do -rrb- wear they for hour without even notice they be on . unlike some other brand , these have padding on the crown as well as ear . all the padding be extraordinarily thick and plush ... and easily removable\/replaceable -lrb- the fact it be market as replacable tell you something about the build quality\/expected lifespan of the phone -rrb- one reviewer complain he can not make these fit , but , the fact be , these have comparitively high adjustability -lrb- that guy probably have some huge alien cranium ... with a teeny , tiny little brain -rrb- . each side have 4 adjustment parameter - one of which allow the earcup to lay completely flat so dust do not fall in they ! this exceptional design also allow the phone to collapse within the crown for a minimal storage size . ... also , contrary to a earlier reviewer , play music through my laptop have never give i any buzz -lrb- what do he want ... a big fat 75 ohm coaxial cable ? unnecessary . -rrb- they supposedly have a high isolation rating , but it be not like no sound get through ... as a matter of fact some external frequency be enhance . finally , it sport a 1\/8 '' stereo plug with a 1\/4 '' screw-on attachment stereo plug ... all gold plate !!! i have have mine for over 3 year -lrb- use they everyday -rrb- and be more than satisfied . worth every penny ... and then some .
778	Headphone	POS	5	i bring this to workout in a gym . it be not the slickest style but sturdy and not bulky . it take only one aaa battery which can last for a long time . for what i have pay for , the sound quality be better than expect .
420	Headphone	POS	5	i usually do not write review for product that i buy , but i have to for these headphone . i have purchase several headset over the last few year , each pair a little better than the last . research several site for a quality pair , i come across these . i check the review , good and bad . compare these to a couple of other set , decide to go with this set because of the price and feature . when the set arrive , i expect to hear a improvement over the last pair , but i be blow away . the sound quality be amazing . in addition to that there be 5 different sound preset . i use these when i be bike ride and i do not loose any sound while play music through my phone -lrb- motorola photon 4g -rrb- . i have receive call and the person state that they can hear i as clearly as i can hear they . i be impressed by this set , rocketfish bluetooth high-definition stereo headphones rf-mab2 . i f you look for a quailty set of bluetooth headphone , this be it .
559	Headphone	POS	4	i have to return these after one day because they be huge on the ear . there be no way to adjust the headband , so it keep fall off my head . i get irritated so i just return it . sound quality be pretty good , but i didnt have they long enough to say anything else about this .
243	Headphone	POS	5	if you be like i , and do not like those in-the-ear phone , then these be for you ! these thing sound great . the bass go rather deep , and i have not hear any crackling noise or anything . these headphone can handle a very wide range of sound . they be pretty comfortable . they take a couple day to get use to , but they be well worth it . i would highly reccommend these to anyone . i love they !
348	Headphone	POS	5	i get two of these , the first with a great discount . but my brother like it so much , that i order a second set right after receive and test the headphone for some day . they be comfortable , quite light , and sound really great -lrb- i can not listen to videos\/music in youtube with these because it just do not make the headphone justice -rrb- . this be my first time buy `` brand '' headphone , and you can really hear the difference !
187	Headphone	POS	5	i have buy at least three set of these and really like they . i be very fussy and have look at lot of ear bud , but keep come back to the sennheisers . the sound quality be excellent , with plenty of volume . the bud be very comfortable . the cord be the perfect length for i -lrb- approx 3 ft -rrb- . the volume control on the cord be very handy . i particularly like the case . i have a pair of sony earbud whose cord become a tangled mess in no time . the sennheiser come with a ingenious compact plastic case that reel in the cord quickly and easily . here be the spec from the package : freq . resp . 18 - 22k hz , imped . 32 ohm , max spl 119bd -lrb- @ 1 khz 0.5 vrm -rrb- .
751	Headphone	POS	5	i would like to be very unbiased i have listen to the sennheiser px100 they great phone and i really like they a lot but i do not want to pay 100 dollar for they and so i decide to get the koss port pro and i will say the difference between they the px100 have less low end bass but very crispy high pitch koss have a excellent bass end but lack a little clarity of the higher pitch the sennheiser be less firm on you head almost do not notice they on you head the koss have a adjustment to change tension but still should have more range of tension i think but it be still great . i be not go to say one be better than the other because they about equal i have get 4 people convert to the koss that still enjoy they because of the low cost but the high quality
566	Headphone	POS	5	ok ... so here go another comparison between the koss portpros and the sennheiser 100 's ? i be not go to bear you . . both headphone be outstanding performer with a ipod ... i own they both ... so which one be my preference ? the sennheiser , for one reason only ... people use they ipod in mall and on the go . there be time when i want to remove the phone from my ear for a few moment -lrb- say , in a store or when have conversation -rrb- . with the sennheisers , i can remove the phone from my ear and let they `` hang '' around my neck in comfort ... try this with the koss 's and they will place a stranglehold on you . for this reason alone , i recommend the senn 's . both , in my humble opinion , sound equally good .
488	Headphone	POS	5	i originally receive these headphone as a christmas gift and fall in love with they : the neckband design i prefer , thick quality foam over each earphone , and a durable string over the wiring -lrb- rather than the typical rubber -rrb- . while the reflective coating on the neckband have a tendency to be easily scratch off and the original pair snap in half from a awkward snag while place in a backpack -lrb- to be fair , at three in the morning when i be very uncoordinated -rrb- , i like it enough to go online and buy it when no other store have it in stock .
300	Headphone	POS	4	do you want comfortable earphone , with noise control and high quality sound ? look here . i do not have a ipod , but only a low cost mp3 player . i fool my friend with these neat white earphone . what better , the multi-size ear adapter fit tiny earhole -lrb- mine -rrb- , or ear channel that could hold a cigar . all without undue pressure . perfect for a plane , car -lrb- passenger use only -rrb- , or when the spouse want to watch tv , and you want some background music . they be also easy to clean after gunk from you ear get on they . good deal . ps : bass and treble and midrange sound great ... which be the main reason for buying , right ?
118	Headphone	POS	5	just arrive this afternoon and i be blow away by the excellent sound , especially at this price . so far have listen to folk -lrb- phil brown by david mallett and the lover 's waltz by molly mason and jay ungar -rrb- , bagpipe -lrb- highland cathedral by the royal scots dragoon guards -rrb- , celtic -lrb- star of the county down by after class and ramblin ' rovin ' robin by battlefield band -rrb- , classical -lrb- con te partiro by andrea bocelli and let the bright seraphim by handel perform by kathleen battle and wynton marsalis -rrb- , 60 's -lrb- the summer song by chad and jeremy and hello , goodbye by the beatle -rrb- country -lrb- then by brad paisley , start a band with brad and keith urban , and everybody want to go to heaven by kenny chesney , bobbi with a i by phil vassar -rrb- , rock -lrb- black and white and smooth criminal by michael jackson , margaritaville by jimmy buffett , layla by eric clapton , sloop john b and help i rhonda by the beach boys and if i be a boy by beyonce ' -rrb- and all sound accurate to i . i hear some vocal , instrumental and drum part that have not be clear on much more expensive headphone . these be on ear style and be comfortable to i so far - behind the neck piece and over ear support hold they just right for i and be fine with glass . these do not appear to adjust , though they fold compactly for storage case . they pair easily on the first try with my macbook pro . good volume and sound be distinct and true to they voice and instrument , good response to my equalizer , which overcome a slightly weak bass to my ear . bass will not rattle you tooth and may be a bit too light for some tastes\/some musical style - though the bass line in the above song come through strong and clear though not dominant , mid and high sound excellent , crisp and clear to i . much nicer than i expect for the price and especially since it appear headphone be a new line for this company . if you need bluetooth headphone , i would suggest you try these soon before the manufacturer find they can substantially increase the price , give the overall quality . case be excellent quality . i do not notice a off smell as note by another reviewer . charge fairly quickly for right out of the box , via usb2 and minus usb . build quality look fine so far , but i would not toss they in the bottom of my gym bag without the case . with case , they would be fine . they be lightweight . volume increase\/decrease and fast forward , reverse control be all on the right earpiece along with the pause\/take a call switch . no loss of signal until several rooms\/walls away and then it be minimal and short live .
404	Headphone	POS	5	this be a damned good set of earbud for the price . good sound with decent amount of bass ... moldable to you ear . you really can not beat this thing . under $ 20 ?? come on . . buy it already !
610	Headphone	POS	5	i buy the in-ear headphone look at the review post here and be i glad that i do . . the in-ear headphone be really good . i doubt if i can buy anything like it compare to the price i pay for it . one reason for i to buy it be because it have a support that make the in-ear headphone cling on to the ear and not fall of while run . try use traditional headphone earlier and it will just not stick on my ear . just after run couple of step the traditional headphone would fall off but these wont . . so happy with the buy . . btw the sound output be really good for a good hour of music . . the more you burn -lrb- use -rrb- the headphone the better sound it give . i will not be hold responsible if someone will literally burn the headphone . ; -rrb-
17	Headphone	POS	5	well i admit it , i be a base-head who like a healthy volume too . i try several sennheiser and koss product and they be ... well ok . i even try the super expensive ety 's -lrb- 4p 's -rrb- and while the sound be good with the ety 's they be very uncomfortable in the ear after 20 minute and the `` microphonic '' effect be a bit much .  however , the sony 71 's insert very smoothly , feel comfortable for hour and stay put ! . they sound incredible with a luscious deep bottom end that you feel . high be crisp and mid-range be smooth as well . they be also 16 ohm in impedance so they be remarkably efficeint and do not require a lot of power to drive to good volume . so many portable headphone be 32 ohm and even higher and thus require a lot more power to drive to decent level , which result in faster battery drain .  one earbud cord be intentionally longer than the other to allow you to run the cord behind the head -lrb- if you want -rrb- and drape straight down to the side you be wear you portable unit . `` same-length '' earbud cord result in the main cord have to run awkwardkly `` across '' you body . a very nice innovative touch from sony ! give these a try folk . the amazon price `` be '' one of the lowest out there ! i be order a second back-up pair !
490	Headphone	POS	5	i usually go through headphone like kleenex , so the sennheiser eh-150 evolution be a very pleasant surprise for i . these headphone be a miracle : lighter than any pair i have have , and the sound quality be amazing . i have read other reviewer ' complaint about the close fit of these headphone around the ear , but it do not hurt i or interfere with my listen enjoyment . very effective for shut out distract noise .
657	Headphone	POS	5	i get these for 15 buck and i wont go back its awesome although sort of cheap and break easily its alright though because you have a warranty
814	Headphone	POS	5	for those of you that live -lrb- d -rrb- in apartments\/dorms , you know how noisy thing can be from time to time . after get feed up with my roommate and surround neighbor with they loud music , i speak with a friend of mine about some headphone for under $ 50 that do a good job block out background noise . he direct i to these sony 's . consider the amazing deal i get these through amazon , i be more than pleased . i take off the rubber fitting around the speaker and notice how small the speaker be . i have to say , these headphone do a excellent job ! three different rubber fitting size attach to the ear bud to make a seal , which then keep the background noise , out . it be also amazing the amount of bass these produce be amazing consider the size . they produce extremely good , clear sound ... as oppose to the .5 watt speaker in my lcd monitor . the case include be great ... i use these when walk to class , and then store they in the hard plastic case to protect they . i would not however recommend use they for you headset while exercise ... they seem a tad bit fragile where the connection of the wire meet the speaker . the extension cord be extremely handy to . if you be try to save some $ , and want some clear sound with a little bass , these should defiantly be consider .
43	Headphone	POS	4	i recently pick up the aiwa cn5 headset from radio shack -lrb- ~ $ $ $ -rrb- and be pleasantly surprise at how a low-cost nc headset could perform . i also use higher-end one when fly my plane , but they be way too bulky for portable electronics -lrb- cd\/dvd -rrb- on commercial flight . anyway , aiwa headset sound fine , but have no padding on the plastic band which scrape my hairless head top ! bring along a feel pad or something or it will get annoying very quickly ! all-in-all , i would recommend pick up a set .
614	Headphone	POS	5	for the price that you can get these headphone here on amazon , they simply can not be beat by any competitor . they have excellent sound quality right out of the box that you would expect to get from a more expensive pair of headphone . the high be extremely clear on these phone and there be ample bass that punch through in almost any song . they do leak quite a bit of noise so they be not for those in which privacy be a concern . they get loud as well and barely distort at all . they rest on the ear nicely and be very lightweight . pro : excellent price , great sound quality , comfort , style . con : noise leakage -lrb- not a problem for those not concerned though -rrb- overall : if you be look for a quality pair of behind-the-neck headphone , the sennheiser pmx60 's be a awesome pair that you can get for a a great price .
277	Headphone	POS	5	i purchase these headphone to use while work out because i be tire of the ear bud that come with my ipod and other cheap ear bud fall out of my ear . these be amazingly comfortable and be very secure in the ear . as soon as i put they in i be very impressed . it be easy to figure out how they go in the ear and easy to change the provide tip to find the right size . there be also a small clip on the cable so i can clip the cable to my clothes so it do not bounce around during the workout . the sound quality be a amazing upgrade compare to the headphone i have be use but i be compare they to very cheap headphone . this be my first pair of nice headphone ever so i be not able to provide a comparison to other brand . i be concern about they durability , base on some other review , so i will update my review in a few month .
555	Headphone	POS	5	i be great fan of bose . i try dr. dre as well . i buy and return bose some time back . it be very uncomfortable and the sound be distort . dr. dre be design for only one kind of music , it can not play classical . there a 50 % off offer for dr. dre . i almost buy it . for some reason i go thru the review . when some one suggest these can . do some more research and i know instantly new i want these headphone . i be in india on vacation . somehow i need these can . could not wait . order they and make arrangement to bring it to india . for reason beyond my grasp these be not available here . i be not disappoint at all . it do justification to all kind of music . though the bass be little low . may be that be from my experience from previous headphone . as i play it more and more they sound even better . i recommend this one for any music lover who like to listen unmodified music . do not fall for enhance bass headphone .
408	Headphone	POS	5	excellent buy and no regret per se , but those with spectacles -lrb- like myself -rrb- may find it a bit uncomfortable after some time and would need to take a break . but this must be the case with every ` cup ' like headphone out there . assume the more comfortable ` flat ' type be not suit for the higher end phone . five star for the performance in general and for this price in particular . = =
336	Headphone	POS	5	the really great thing about these headphone be that they be true to the sound . because heavy bass be not only popular , but difficult for headphone and speaker to handle , it seem a lot of manufacturer be put more effort into make they product able to handle heavy bass . unfortunately , this often result in the result sound be heavily skewed toward the low end . these phone hold they own against airy violin and crunching bass . i have they hooked to a pair of harman\/kardon speaker through my pc and the sound be far better than my home stereo .
546	Headphone	POS	5	i love this item it keep in the music and they be easy to use i think any way , its very good , sure its kind of pricey but just think that you pay for these once and wont have to buy headphone for a long time
662	Headphone	POS	5	i love these thing i think i purchase every color , give some to family and friend . sometimes i like to switch up , the sound quality be great as well ...
136	Headphone	POS	5	great sound . i find it a little difficult to setup without instruction\/manual -lrb- my set do not come with any -rrb- . once i find the right connection , it be perfect at any frequency i select . i once have they on for over 4 hour and battery do not die . it fit my head just fine and you can adjust the length . after look for day and price checking for the best , i be extremely satisfy with these headphone .
952	Headphone	POS	4	a good pair of head phone with amazing clarity . it be one of the basic pair and it be worth the price .
805	Headphone	POS	5	i be not sure about trust the other review that i read about this product , but i do . the review be absolutely correct ! i give the sennheiser eh-150 five star base on its excellent sound quality . the ear comfort be not horrible , but it could be better .
877	Headphone	POS	5	i can not imagine a better sound from my mp3 player , at any price . and these be practically free ! i 'll report back if there be durability issue ...
795	Headphone	POS	5	sound be incredible . fit be great . i use they for jogging with my evo android phone mp3 player . no problem with they fall out . best quality music i have hear in decade . extremely happy with these bud . pure quality , awesome sound quality .
669	Headphone	POS	4	i need a cheap pair of headphone for run with my iphone with the runkeeper app while play music . the apple earbud would shift in my ear while run cause uneven sound . plus , they do not sound that great . these koss headphone fit the bill perfectly . they stay on nicely , securely , and comfortably , even with glass on . the sound quality be unmatched at this price -lrb- i be sort of a headphone fanatic , own headphone of all sort include the audio technica ath-m50 , shure se530 , etymotic er-4p , grado ms1 , etc -rrb- and these headphone , at a fraction of the price , have really satisfying sound . fit be important because if they be not clamp on securely enough , you will not get adequate bass response . it be tricky to put on at first , but once you get the hang of it , it only take a few seconds .
308	Headphone	POS	4	i be attract by these earphone for a couple reason . first of all i break my sony earbud , i lose my apple earphone , and i do not like carry around my bose on-ear headphone . pro - fit comfortably sound decent -lrb- equal to any apple earphone , or my previous sony in-ear -rrb- do its job con - have slight hissing noise , but i have always have a good sense of hearing , so might just be i have a bump on the outer ear part 3.5 mm jack from earbud be slightly large , well approx . 1.5 inch all in all . it be a decent product . i would not recommend this to anyone because i prefer actual headphone oppose to earphone , but if you be on the go , it be a decent product . experience : 1.5 week
205	Headphone	POS	4	this be a good set of headphone . i listen to music all day - while work out and to relax i before bedtime . the headphone be flexible , yet fit snuggly and the behind-the-head style do not interfere with my hair . just make sure you treat the cord with care , otherwise you may break a connection and prevent music from play the right earphone . that be how i break my last pair , but i like the set so much i decide to buy another pair .
587	Headphone	POS	5	i have be use the oe2 for about 5 day and , so far , i be very happy . i 'll start off by say i be not a expert on audio product . in make the purchase , i be look for headphone that would deliver clear , big , rich sound with some solid bass . that be definitely what i get with these . other review note some disappointment with the bass production . if you be look for boom , bass-heavy headphone then this might not be you choice . however , by play around the eq setting in itunes or you music player , you can still get some very big , solid bass . on music track i listen to with a solid amount of bass , with my eq bass setting turn up a bit , i get a really nice , rich , full bass with great range . sound great . i personally choose the one-ear versus the over-ear design because over-ear headphone hurt the sensitive area behind my ear after only a few minute . the on-ears be incredibly comfortable , very soft , and very light . after a couple hour of wear i do feel some slight pressure on my upper earlobe , but it go away quickly when i take these off for a minute or two -lrb- probably should do that anyway -rrb- . they do leak sound a bit , but that be no surprise . i be not sure if the over-ear design would diminish it . they be not cheap , but i do really enjoy the oe2 . very big , rich sound , and you can get some really great bass production by play around with eq setting to you liking . i would definitely recommend these .
721	Headphone	POS	5	these be the best headphone i have own . they stay in place and have clear sound as i run , my other type of headphone would fall out of my ear and i would have to constantly stop and put they back in , not with these i love they .
14	Headphone	POS	5	simply put , these headphone be very reveal . do not purchase these if you plan on listen to low bit rate mp3 's . these phone be for high quality listening ... if you be a producer like i , you will want to remaster all of you work to match the quality capable of these phone ... mdr-sa5000 's tell the truth ! sometimes the truth hurt . : -rrb-
686	Headphone	POS	5	these bud will not stay in you ear if you go for a run , but i use they at work every day , in one ear only , and the sound quality be very good . i plug they into a cheap set of computer speaker that sound awful alone . the sound be so much better through the earbud . unlike my co-worker ' headphone , these be silent to everyone else . when i take they off i can not hear a peep from they . my only complaint be that the 4 ' cord be not long enough to plug directly into the computer under my desk .
484	Headphone	POS	5	good value for the money . very nice sound quality and comfortable to wear for long period .
736	Headphone	POS	5	these be the most comfortable earbud i have find . my ear be easily irritated by hard round ear piece and even `` marshmallow '' type become uncomfortable after a few minute . these feel custom make with the very flexible ear piece cover . the variety of ear piece cover can give most people the same comfortable fit and great sound . love the variety of color too !
304	Headphone	POS	5	product be great . service be great . keep up the good work !
487	Headphone	POS	5	i love these headphone . when i be in the room with the transmitter , they sound be as good as good wire headphone . that say , they be on the big side -lrb- compare to wire headphone , and i do get interference when i walk around we apartment -lrb- the old building have a lot of brick and steel -rrb- . they also hold a charge as long as i have need they , and seem to charge quickly . construction seem solid - i expect they 'll hold up over time . -lrb- i have now own these for two month , btw -rrb-
256	Headphone	POS	4	i take away a star because the bud get a little uncomfortable after a couple of hour and i do not like the intermediate connection in the headphone wire . the sound quality be excellent for use with a laptop\/mp3 player . great for jogging and workout . no noise reduction feature but it be much safer that way at the gym and the road .
765	Headphone	POS	5	i listen to music literally all the time , and i need some sort of headphone that could withstand constant use and yet still be comfortable . these headphone do not look terrible and they sound great . turn all the way up its almost unbearable noise , and the 3 comfortability setting actually do make a difference . if you want good headphone , that dont break the bank , then buy these
468	Headphone	POS	5	these ear-bud -lrb- ? -rrb- plug be perfect for those of we that can not stand the typical ear-bud that come with most audio product . you know , the one that constantly fall out or shift around . these sound great and the end on these be just like the ear plug you will find in a factory or hunting\/sports store gun dept. . you squeeze\/roll the foam , quickly insert into ear canal , hold in place for a few and they expand , do . they be very comfortable and stay in place . my wife wear hers to bed since i have a snore problem , lol . she listen to one of those `` ocean sound '' cd 's or something similar . look around on here and for the price buy a few pair , just in case , or one for home , work , travel ... the phono end be gold , also . the only thing i be concern with be the wire . it be very , shall we say , flexible . well , they be not parachute strap so it should not be a problem .
850	Headphone	POS	4	pro : relatively inexpensive comparatively sound great comfortable even with my big head keep outside noise out pretty well cons : velour earpad can make you head hot outside of headphone have no noise dampen - anyone nearby can hear what you be listen to i be happy with the headphone in spite of the con - because at pretty much any volume the headphone put out sound through the back of the earpad and anyone nearby can hear . i wish the velour earpad do not turn my head into a furnace , but all over the ear headphone be bad to some extent , and the velour be more comfortable . people complain about the long cord but i have come to expect that with high quality headphone and it be actually beneficial in one scenario so i 'll live with it . if you want great sound at a reasonable price and do not care if anyone else would get bother by the noise , then these be a great buy .
128	Headphone	POS	5	by far the best headphone i have listen to under $ 750 . i run live sound in refence tune venue , and as a result i can actually use these for live mix as they be almost dead on . the only issue i have with they be that if you do not have a round head they can put pressure on the top of you head , but that take about 3 hour to become uncomfortable . as far as reference headphone go , these be hard to beat , just make sure to get a good amp , or the fat-pipe upgrade if you be go to be do intense studio mix . i listen to music on these headphone exclusively now as they have a much wider response than any other headphone i own ; but you need to have a good understanding of eqing sound system to get they to really shine as they be a blank slate .
226	Headphone	POS	5	i use this to watch tv when my husband sleep in we bedroom . the sound quality be great . i live on 3.29 acre and i can go to the back of my property and go into a metal barn and still hear the tv . i wish the earphone be a little smaller and fit my head a little tighter , but this would definitedly not stop i from purchase this or recccomend it to other .
781	Headphone	POS	4	i wasnt look for anything fancy - just something that he could wear at night so i could sleep and not wake up due to the tv noise . i find it in this ! so much so that i will be order another set ! he say these be comfortable and i can tell you i havent be awaken with tv noise since we receive they . highly recommend .
849	Headphone	POS	4	philips o'neill `` the snug '' headphones after look at hundred of headphone online , and struggle between go all-out on a $ 100 + pair of fancy-pants bose -lrb- or cool\/hipster\/music aficionado equivalent -rrb- , or slumming -lrb- again -rrb- in the $ 15 - $ 20 range , i finally settle on these cuty . context : i use headphone on a daily basis in my office - i have a peach of a coworker who like to tap he pen , suck he tooth , talk to himself , laugh at inappropriate topic and time ... you get the idea . i be literally unable to focus without my bless , bless music . previously , i be use the koss titanium open air headphone . at the time i purchase they , i be in a customer-service role , of sort , and need to be able to hear if someone be knock on the door . -lrb- a quick note on the koss headphone : great , great sound for a inexpensive set , but the thin foam ear `` pad '' wear through quickly and now the plastic surface jab into my ear ... sad panda . -rrb- those be a satisfactory solution , provide great sound when the music be on , but not block any of the adjacent maddening , irritating noise i do not want to hear ... a necessary evil at that time . no more . the door-answering responsibility have be transfer -lrb- to the noisy neighbor , coincidentally -rrb- and i be free to work in musical oblivion . review : typical disclaimer here - i be not a music expert nor be i able to expound on the technical variances\/driver difference , frequency range , etc. . sound - nice , clear , balanced . the base be not ear-drum thumping ; it be definitely there , but not unpleasantly overwhelming . i think the description on the box be `` dynamic . '' that be a good word - as other reviewer have point out , and something i do not understand until i put these on , the closed vs. open feature be noticeably different . open-air phone make it sound like you be in the recording studio where the musician be play - every detail be present , and the sound be `` big '' and seem omni-directional . closed phone do not diminish the quality or the sound , but it feel like you be closer - instead of sit in that room , you be sit right in front of the speaker - it be a very unidirectional sound . comfort - if i do not wear earring , these would probably be perfect . as it be now , they be significantly more comfortable than the koss phone , but do -lrb- right now -rrb- tend to smoosh my ear and jab the back of my earring into the skin behind my ear ... i do not expect otherwise , really . i could eliminate this problem by either a -rrb- not wear earring - ha ! or b -rrb- wear in-ear headphone , which i absolutely despise . the padding on the top be nice . i do like this feature , and there be no rubbery\/silicone band that catch on my hair -lrb- koss , i be call you out , again . -rrb- appearance - totally subjective , but i adore the purple plaid . i be 30 year old , so i should not be such a nerd , right ? whatever - i like colorful thing , and these might make i look silly , but they also make i smile : -rrb- i provide a couple snapshot to give you a better idea of the scale -lrb- that be one of my concern , since i do not want to look like a helicopter pilot or a bubble head . -rrb- one last note on the `` noise isolation '' - other have note that these do not block out all noise and they be right . instead , irritating noise be muffle significantly . so , in between track , when my favorite person in the next cubicle be mumble incoherently and giggle like a drunk dental patient , all i hear be `` shhhwwemmmmemem '' . so much better !
616	Headphone	POS	5	these earbud be the next best thing to noise canceling phone . because they fit in you ear canal , they block most of the surround noise . as for sound quality , nothing can replace a great set of studio headphone . but you buy these for run , cycling or any active sport , they be the perfect earbud .
359	Headphone	POS	5	i get these today , and i love they !! the ear bud be great-they have really good sound quality , they come with the ear bud peice that pop off ... one set in regular size , and one set in a smaller size which i really like . they fit in you ear perfectly becuase of how small they be , and they be super comfy . the bass headphone be awesome ... i do think they be go to be a little louder , but they block out surround sound great . they be very comfortable and i love this color ! in the photo the side be color red but it look kind of flat and dull , but they dont look like that at all . the color be a nice , deep red ... almost like a gel color-very flashy . they look alot better than i expect . the only drawback be the shipping be $ 8.00 . which i think be kind of stupid ... the headphone be price nearly the same amount ... so youll end up pay about $ 18.62 for these instead of $ 10.24 ... just keep that in mind . it be still a good deal , any how ... and im glad i get they ! i need they , i be use dollar store headphone ... ... everyone know how that go ; -rrb-
617	Headphone	POS	5	alright , i just receive 3 of these in the mail . i like the package , it be tiny yet protective . the package that the headphone themselves they be in impressed i as well . i open they as careful as possible , -lrb- i didnt want to break anything , the other review sad they break -rrb- . i plug they into my laptop and i be very satisfied . the sound be clear and loud . i give a 5 star with durability as well . hopefully i wont be comment back with a bad review . but so far if u need a cheep good pair of headphone , by em from this guy . i will buy from u in future !
839	Headphone	POS	5	the headset be buy for my slightly deaf father . he live in a nursing home and have a roommate . i choose the rs-140 because it have the `` closed can '' to shut out the -lrb- also hear impaired -rrb- roommate 's tv etc while allow my father to hear he tv . the setup work great . the separate volume for each earphone allow perfect balance to compensate for differential hearing ability in each ear . if you want to be able to hear the room as well as the music go with the rs-130 to get the `` open can '' . i use the headset during the setup and find no fault with the sound quality or reproduction and there do not appear to be any interferance from other electronic device . he sometimes wear the headset `` down the hall '' and the quality do not begin to degrade -lrb- through concrete block wall in a steel frame building full of medical equipment -rrb- for about 80 foot -- in open air i be sure it would be double that . the headset be comfortable and the charge arrangement be transparent to the user . my father find the charge stand `` a little tippy '' because he have to reach the headset with a grabber from a wheelchair across a bed . mount the charge base fix that . a person use they hand would not have this problem at all .
219	Headphone	POS	4	i be surprise to say the least . i be and always will be a avid sennheiser fan . imo they make the best and they should always be the benchmark for the average user . -lrb- not professional studio user . . but someone who have a few $ $ to spend -rrb- so with that say - i be happy to see two option for the ear cover . while the leather be nice , i prefer the cloth sometimes . i use the leather if i be on the treadmill as its much easier to clean . the weight and balance of these be just right and seem to fit my head just fine with minor adjustment . the longest ive go wear these be only 3 hour . . but i didnt experience any ` ear cramp ' that i can with other headphone . the sound quality be superb . i do the video game test and it handle it very well ... it give a similated surround experience and offer incredible bass . very happy to have these . give em a try .
362	Headphone	POS	4	want a new pair of earbud style earphone after get by with stock headset for android and iphone\/ipod device . i have read that the control may not be compatible on other device but if the sound work and be durable be fine for i . got vary result of the vol\/play control pad on a old iphone only the play btn work , nothing from the volume control . no problem on ipod touch 2nd gen. nokia n900 - do not work at all . lg optimus v play control work also the skip fwd and back - vol control do not work . motorola xoom be a strange one , the vol  start the mp3 player and pause only - the play button itself do nothing , no click fwd or back . overall nice in ear design , bass and no noticeable sound leak while play loudly around other people .
497	Headphone	POS	4	i use these for run with my ipod - the cord be a little short but the sound be quite good and i find they more comfortable than bud when i be sweating .
68	Headphone	POS	5	get two set - tiger & panda - for we nearly 4 and 6 1\/2 year old . they fit great , be comfortable & quiet and the individual volumn control be great . we use they w\/the portable dvd player in the car . nice and quiet ! cute too .
622	Headphone	POS	4	this be the second unit we have purchase for view tv at night without disturbing anyone . we first unit be over 6 year old and still go strong . mother stay with we be hard of hearing and want to not bother everyone . works wonderfuly . wish they could make they a little more comfortable on the ear .
147	Headphone	POS	5	awesome . amazing . comfortable . gorgeous sound . be it worth the steep price ? well , the money would be waste on doe-eyed soft-haired teen idol but definitely well spend pink floyd ! ; -rrb-
51	Headphone	POS	5	these be the best headphone i have ever have . prior to get these , i have the sony noise reduce headphone . the mdr-v600 be far superior and do a much better job . these hp 's be so comfortable i can sleep with they on . well worth the price you pay , do not waste you money on anything less .
925	Headphone	POS	5	i have buy many of this headphone already they be pretty gud what suck be that the black one be cheaper than the white one and they be both the same . i think both should cause the same
644	Headphone	POS	5	these head phone be very nice and comfortable . the sound quality be great . when you first take they out of the package though they look like guitar head phone at the end , like they would plug into a amp . or something but you just take that off and it plug into anything else like a ipod .
538	Headphone	POS	5	the koss pro\/4aa represent vintage design and super high quality sound reproduction . mind they need a few hour of ` break in ' before the full , rich sound unfold . and mind ... they be design in a different age , when maximal sound quality be everything . they be heavy , and you can not do anything but listen to music , while wear they . this be my second pair - buy the first in '78 and litteraly play they to shread . trien modern one , expensive one ... but the rich sound just be not there . so i be back to koss pro\/4aa .
274	Headphone	POS	5	this headset have excellent quality of sound and the ability to adjust frequency to better clarify voice . it be very comfortable to wear , with little pressure on you ear . a wonderfull headset .
156	Headphone	POS	5	i like these enough to buy they again . mean i think i have lose they on a recent camping trip , so i order another pair . this time in blue so they be easier to keep track of . i find they two day after receive my new one . perfect , now i can just leave one in the house and one in my car . they sound great on the ipod and on the phone . people also tell i the clarity of my voice be very good , which seem to be a problem with other headset . also the thicker cord be tangle free compare to most headphone . overall , im happy with the product . also very comfortable , im able to wear they without they bother i after awhile . ive have better luck with these than some i have own for much more money . really cant go wrong for the price .
515	Headphone	POS	5	these be really great . the sound and clarity be supperb . you can still hear the tv in the next room . the range be not far , maybe 25 foot . but it be good for what i need .
539	Headphone	POS	5	these be absolutely wonderful headphone . they main selling point to i be they lightweight design obviously along with incredible sound . i can take they out and about if i want to , and basically use they wherever i might desire brilliant sound out of whatever i may be listen to . these might not be what you be look for with bass-heavy music -- they still sound absolutely wonderful , but not they forte as the dr. dre beat or the like would be . the audio be incredibly even and balanced , allow you to pick out and zone in on every instrument in the ensemble . i would especially recommend these for acoustic music listener . i mainly listen to jazz , intricate bluegrass and folky type music , world music , rock and roll , and some classical stuff . i have recently be hook on the goat rodeo sessions , and play a track from that album for people i be let try out the headphone . absolutely incredible . put listen to music on a whole ` nother level . they be also great for watch movie on you computer .
86	Headphone	POS	5	this set of headphone be just outstanding , i have be involve with the audio world for 19 year include have work with pro audio and this be by far the best audio equipment purchase that i have make , these be the best bang for the buck ever . the phone sound very linear and clean from distortion , it be not the last word in resolution but it be still fairly accurate . even if it cost 4x more it would still be worth it imho . leo-300z
292	Headphone	POS	5	i have be search for a nice set of earbud that provide good sound and be light weight . i use they when i go jogging and they sit nice and snug in my ear as i run . the rubber cushion block out most of the ambient noise so all you hear be you music . if you be look for something small with good sound and will not eat a hole in you wallet this be the answer .
437	Headphone	POS	5	i purchase a pair of the mdr-v600 about 4 year ago and have be really happy with they . they be very comfortable and i often wear they for hour at a time . i have be really happy with the quality of the sound . i have never have another pair of good studio headphone like these , but i would guess they sound as good as comparable brand and model . even after year of use i have not notice any loss of sound quality . i highly recommend these headphone .
557	Headphone	POS	4	i have age related hearing loss necessitate turn on the closed captioning when watch tv or dvd . these phone fix that problem for i . and , my dog appreciate not have the tv or the home theater speaker blare . one negative : i have normal size ear yet i have to cram they inside the small ear cup . that get uncomfortable after awhile although not as uncomfortable for i as the type that rest on the ear . overall i be delighted with they if only because i no longer require distract closed captioning .
178	Headphone	POS	5	first off i would like to say that these headphone have amazing sound and construction quality , also the comfort be suprisingly good . lastly i have a question about the break in period . do i have to play the headphone at a low volume to break they in ?
750	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone sound amazing for the price , way better than i expect they to . for 13 buck they be a steal . my only complaint be that they do not fit my ear well . i have average size ear , maybe even a little on the small side but for some reason they just do not fit right . my left ear feel pinch ... however it do not bother i enough for i to stop wear they . i use they w \/ my creative mp3 player and they sound a lot better than the earbud it come with . i like the volume control on the wire . overall these be great headphone , especially for the price .
812	Headphone	POS	4	amazing for the price ! not really sure yet about plug into just any impedance ; some equipment may not see the headset . still great for the price !
873	Headphone	POS	5	great sound earphone , you will definitely ` feel ' the base , crisp treble . i have some trouble keep the earphone from fall out sometimes when walk and find the control button to be too close my face , but the overall experience be great .
888	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be sooo good ! sound be awesome especially for the price . comfortable too . also nice that they come in many color .
526	Headphone	POS	4	i buy this for my 30 something wife for xmas . she be always try to hear she show over the kid yell and play and not that she will ever admit it but she have a bit of a hearing problem . she usually listen to the tv at 45 - 50 . i like it at 25 - 30 . i get about as good a response from this as a xmas present as if i would have give she a vacuum or blender . but she have be use it every day since xmas and love it . only down side that she say be she could not fall asleep with they while lay on the couch . but i catch she sleep with they on last night . also , because this be the ir version she have to keep she snuggie under the part that hang under she chin or it cut out . also , if she move around the blanket -lrb- snuggie -rrb- bunch up and can block the ir also .
683	Headphone	POS	5	these earbud be great . i have be look for a decent pair of earbud to use with my ipod while cut the grass . these do a excellent job of block out the mower noise without have to crank the volume up .
413	Headphone	POS	4	i just wish they be a little less bulky but other than that i be very satisfied with the headphone .
533	Headphone	POS	5	my brother in law get i a set of these and i think they be one of the best accessory i have ever use . sound quality be outstanding , i hear no static even 2 floor down when i be do laundry , and the extra battery charge in the base so you can quickly swap out if you run out of juice . comfortable as heck . i do not know why the other person say they be not tight enough , unless he have a really small head . i think the tension be perfect , but i be a 6 ' 2 '' american guy so you mileage may vary .
841	Headphone	POS	5	great head phone period i just dont like that when you wear they alot my ear get hot but that it
171	Headphone	POS	5	this be the first wireless headphone i even have . it work great and the sound quality be good . the price be reasonable too . recommend this wireless headphone for anyone who be look for budget wireless with good quality .
680	Headphone	POS	5	not much to say , they be what i expect . it be hard to find replacemnet ear cover . they come a few day after order and i be very please with they .
15	Headphone	POS	4	do not purchase these expect true noise cancellation as find in full size headphone . they be however , extremely comfortable and reduce a fair share of ambient sound . a bit on the expensive side for what you get , but they fit and work well .
858	Headphone	POS	5	i order 4 headphone . all under $ 20.00 dollar . the first three , be junk . this one be great . great price , great sound , -lrb- with great base also -rrb- and it feel comfortable on . i also have a pair for $ 50.00 , this one be still better . thanks amazon !!!
981	Headphone	POS	5	my husband have be use these at work , five day per week , for just under two year now . he love they . they work well and do not hurt you head or ear after wear they for a while .
439	Headphone	POS	4	despite the wide variation in review and the negative review from very knowledgable people , i decide to try these headphone . the selling point for i be the design of the headphone , and the brand also carry a lot of weight with i . my initial impression of these headphone be horrible . like so many of the other who post , i find the bass to be very , very weak , leave a tinny , high\/mid-heavy sound , which be very annoying . i decide to up the bass boost on the eq setting in my ipod , think that perhaps this would loosen up the driver in the headphone . i play they at full volume for a few minute , while not wear they . i come back for a listen after do this and they sound much better . i then experiment with the fit on my head . i find that if the ear pad be not well seat on my ear the perceive bass be heavily attenuate . now that i have work all this out , i have to say i be very , very impressed with the sound . i have compare they with other , around the neck headphone that i have , and i like the sound of the sennheisers much better . i like the over the head comfort of this style , but it be somewhat annoying that i have to fiddle with the fit on my ear so much to get the sound right . i think the user must try to get the same kind of seal you get with full size headphone , with these smaller-pad style headphone . there be thing to like and dislike about this style of headphone - but i do not think you need to be scare off by concern of lack in bass . keep in mind that you be purchase a audiophile brand name , but the product be , like so many other thing , make in china . i think this be probably to be expect at this price point .
775	Headphone	POS	5	have be listen to my ipod with the include headphone for so long , i figure that all in-ear headphone sound pretty crappy and could not pick up bass . when those break i buy these and wow , there a huge difference ! everything sound much cleaner and it pick up a much higher range of sound that could not even be hear before . also , the shape of they be a much better design than the standard ipod headphone , they be more comfortable and be very secure , they will not fall out when you go run . i wish i would have upgrade a long time ago , . these be a lot better than i expect for the price . might not be for the hardcore audiophile , but for around $ 20 it be definitely worth it to upgrade you ipod headphone to something that do not sound like garbage .
530	Headphone	POS	5	this be my only set of headphone , so i have no comparison , but i find beautiful undistorted sound at all volume and a comfortable fit . i be very pleased with they .
130	Headphone	POS	5	sony mdr-xd200 stereo headphones i listen to music all day long at work . i really like the 10 foot cord . the sound be crisp and clear . i can really crank the volume up and the other people around i can not hear what i be listen too at the volume that i be listen to . they be big and bulky no doubt but i will take that for the clarity of sound that i get . the treble and bass frequence come across clear . i have not notice a difference in the sound\/movie feature . i get all the high and low . the sound quality be almost as good as the custom bulit bose system in my truck . i have also use these sony mdr-xd200 headphones for gaming and the quality of sound do not change at all . they be well make and sturdy . some people complain about it hurt after a few hour , my opinion of what they say be ; i wear my sony mdr-xd200 headphones for approx 11 hour a day by 5 day a week. , i have not problem with the comfort and they do not hurt . kudos to sony for the sony mdr-xd200 stereo headphones . i love they .
813	Headphone	POS	4	if you be a fan of heavy bass , and a sound that blow you away , these be not the headphone for you . however , the sound be crisp and clear and mellow . you can hear part of song that you have never hear before . that say , the crispness be only too clear to listen to mp3 and other low-quality music source . the headphone bring out they imperfection , as lower quality headohone would disguise they in the mush of they sound . these headphone be great deal at 20 buck for those who do not want to be blow away by a wall of sound and rather appreciate the finer element of any genre of music .
904	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be the best i have find . they do not fall out of you ear -lrb- if you have that problem -rrb- and they do not move at all when run !
746	Headphone	POS	5	the sennheiser rs140 wireless headphones be phenomenal . we have 2 headset on one charger . i set the television volume low -lrb- or even mute the tv -rrb- and my husband and i adjust we headphone to we individual comfort level . they work in every room of we home so i can prepare dinner and not miss my favorite show . in addition , the sound be crisp , clear and enhance . it be a wonderful product and i highly recommend it . this be not just for hear impaired .
570	Headphone	POS	5	i receive these as a gift . i believe that they retail for 50 $ -lrb- less on line here -rrb- . i do not understand why most people hate these so much . sound quality be great for something this inexpensive . the reception do fade sometimes but , so what ?!? they be on you head ! how hard can it be to retune they ? since they be a 900mgz product i would imagine that they will not work well if you cordless phone also work on 900mhz -lrb- unless of course you want to easedrop on someone -rrb- . they be fairly comfortable i like that they be `` right on top of you ear '' . would be nice if they where adjustable headband . the only `` issue '' that one might have be the fact that they do not have a lot of bass spec be 40hz and the high end only go to 16 khz . high do get somewhat `` hissy '' . but i doubt that you could beat they for the money .
768	Headphone	POS	5	headphone be great , they be comfortable and come with three different ear bud size . sound quality be also great . bang for the buck .
695	Headphone	POS	5	they fit well and be easy to use . my son be just over two year old and can put they on himself . he resist wear they at first but the one time we take a long trip and he have gladly wear they to watch a dvd in the car . i also like that there be volume control on the cord .
55	Headphone	POS	5	i have the sony mdr v700 which be value at 154.95 at bestbuy ! i see it and try it out because they have one out on display , and of course , it sound great when you do not have anything to compare it to . so i be set on buy it for it be look , sound , and the overpriced brand name of sony . i manage to buy it use from someone . the condition look very good , and sound great . so i think i be all set . the guy i buy the sony v700 even suggest i look into sennheiser if great sound be what i be after . i want to because of all they great review , but there be not any place around that offer display of sennheiser so that you can test the product out . anyway , my brother find a sennheiser hd201 so finally i could test out what all this talk be about . mind you the hd201 be at least 3 time less than the sony v700 . i be pretty shock . the sony could not filter out the buzz that i normally get when connect to my crappy speaker . the sennheiser do . it filter it out , have better sound quality and better lightweight feel . you can actually hear each musical note , rather than have it drown out by the bass which be what the sony do . do not believe the brand name hype of sony because it be not that great -- if you compare it to sennheiser ! sony 's higher-end dj headphone can not even compare with the lower end of sennheiser ! it be clear to i . good luck !
442	Headphone	POS	5	what more could you want from a online transaction ? the earbud themselves be much better than the price reflect , and arrive well ahead of the deadline , in plenty of time for christmas .
174	Headphone	POS	4	this headphone be a great buy consider the cost . good quality sound . not too much bass though but excellent none the less . excellent as a studio headphone for crisp , clean monitoring & realistic sound for mix . the cord be very long & it come with a mini headphone to quarter inch converter .
960	Headphone	POS	4	these be not all that durable , but with proper adjustment i can get they to stay for the gym or just a run . i do like have these on a head band most of the time . the sound be great , a open air system that have good bass , and clear and crisp high . the sound be a 5 for a color set . however the construction be not that great . i damage my cord quickly and as you remove the clip they wear , a lot . so i try to keep they on just the clip now . the cord snag loose with lite preaure . these be easy to take apart though so i fix it . i be think about recable these with a better cord . best thing out there i think for this price
931	Headphone	POS	5	this be a headphone i have always keep buy for year . it be durable and perfect for studio , because the artist i work with like to hear the bass make it seem like its live . i enjoy listen to music through this head phone and be comfortable .
780	Headphone	POS	5	if i have to describe these headphone in one word it would be `` impeccable '' . you would be hard press to find a more comfortable pair of headphone with this kind of extraordinary sound quality for anything short of $ 500 . if that be not a testament to the value of these headphone , then i do not know what be . i could go on about how you should use a dedicated amplifier , how the sound be lively and exciting without be overpowering and that you low bit-rate mp3 and aac file will not do these headphone justice , but i 'll leave that to the expert who have already post incredibly detail and thoughtful review . point being , the sound will only be as good as you source file and choice of amplifier to drive they . unless denon release new model or the price of the ah-d5000 or the ah-d7000 model drop significantly , i would recommend these headphone to anyone shopping for a closed-back design with a modest budget .
762	Headphone	POS	5	i have try different headphone through the year . these be by far my favorite for run . i run at least three time a week and these headphone be always reliable . they be not the most rugged , but as good as you can get for the price . sound be not bose quality , but good enough for run . this be my second pair in two year .
951	Headphone	POS	5	i pay $ 10 for they at best buy since the rubber earbud fall off the $ 20 logitech one i also own , and i be amaze how well the sound quality surpass the more expensive pair . more comfortable fit in the ear , not as much speaker hiss , and none of that infernal thump every time i nudge the cable on the logitech . i would gladly pay 2x more for these , and since they be be sell for 1\/5 the price i pay here , i say go for it !
145	Headphone	POS	4	i stop listen to the music while i be work out , because all the headset i try just would not be comfortable enough be constantly would fall out . this however be a great find , i would not mind to pay more to get better sound quality more depth for the music , but i have to say my other 2 pair of headset cost almost 10 time more so i guess i can not really complain .
314	Headphone	POS	5	as a professional forensic audio analyst , i use these headphone constantly and they comfortabe , light , easy to use and the quality be pretty good for the price . i highly recommend this product .
579	Headphone	POS	4	these earbud be probably one of the best i have ever use . they sound great , and isolate sound well . the only problem i have be they break . i keep my mp3 in my pocket all day and the ear end of the bud come off . this can be pop on easily , but eventually the wire break off and be render useless . so , these be great if you plan on treat they carefully .
569	Headphone	POS	5	if you be look for amazing bass sound , look no further . i be listen to these as i write , and they be beyond belief . the bass could not be better , and they be very comfortable . i really do not know what else to say . they be very worth the money
894	Headphone	POS	5	when i first get these i think the bass be horribly bloated . there be no mid , and the treble be very muffle . after read a suggestion on a certain headphone forum , i pull the foam insert out of the earpad . they come out very easily , just pinch the middle of the flat cushion part , and the little round foam insert should come out . anyway , this make a huge difference . the difference be night and day . they be arguably my favorite can now . the bass thin out , the mid come alive , and the treble become brighter , but not harsh . i have 6 different pair of headphone , most of they mid\/high end , and i keep come back to these for they fun factor . everything just sound good on they . my only complaint be a obvious one , the headband ! sometimes it be too loose , other time i feel like my ear be go to bleed . also , the bass output change depend how they be orient . if the headband slip down the back of my head , the bass get thinner , if they be center on my head it be just about right , slightly augmented , which be how i like it . overall they be a very good buy . the only other can that have similar bass be my sennheiser hd212pro 's , but they do not have the saucy mid and crisp clean high that the akg 's do . the senn sound somewhat veil in comparison . also fwiw , i even use these with a headphone amp when walk every night , sweating all over they . i wipe they with a damp cloth before put they away , and i have not have a single problem . the leather ear cushion still look like new . i can not wait to try some of the higher end akg model .
824	Headphone	POS	5	let 's just say that when i leave these headphone in my motorcycle and could not get to they for a week , i experience withdrawal . these thing be great , i love the long cord , the sound quality be excellent and the fit be very comfortable . blocks out environmental noise very well . great value for the money , and what be special about this model be how nice it sound at middle-high volume level . clean , crisp , beautiful sound : -rrb-
757	Headphone	POS	5	we buy this set of earphone for we daughter when we go on vacation . we daughter be 2 . she love they . they be cute little lion . glad we get this set .
943	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these a month ago to replace aquapac 100 % waterproof headphone which would not stay in my ear no matter what i try -lrb- different earpiece , push in further , wear a swim cap , not wear a swim cap , etc. -rrb- . the earpiece on these penetrate further into my ear and remain in place until tug out , solve my problem . i only use they for swim because they be slightly uncomfortable and the sound quality be only fair , but swimming be a noisy business and sound quality be secondary to be able to hear anything at all . i remove the part that go over the ear as they be a nuisance to i . i have be very pleased with these , and have read here that they sometimes prematurely self-destruct i order a backup pair today .
107	Headphone	POS	5	these be great - money well spend ! they sound great , fit well and be very light and comfortable . it be exactly what i be look for in a set of headphone that i could use at the gym . and all at a great price from amazon . thanks !
949	Headphone	POS	4	these light weight comfortable headphone really do sound great . . i would know because i be use they right now !! after switch from my 40 dollar koss one i can immediately tell the difference . when use the hd 477 's you will hear new sound in every song you listen to that you old older headphone could not bring out . every sound be clear and that bass be better than expect in my opinion . the only little problem i have with these headphone be that if you leave they on too long they can tend to bother you ear a bit , but maybe that just i . for a affordable price the hd 477 's be most deff worth it !!
748	Headphone	POS	4	i first try a pair of shure e1c earbud and hate they ; i think they make everything sound tinny . then i try the sony and think exactly the same thing , and could not figure out why i get better sound out of the $ 10 pair of earbud i buy at the sony outlet . after a couple of subway and airplane ride , i finally figure out the whole thing : - fit be everything with deep-insertion ear instrument . earbud , hear protection , whatever . fit be everything . once i finally get they seat correctly , they isolate outside noise very well and sound clear , keep in mind that i be not expect the same visceral reaction to earbud that i have to my over-the-ear akg phone . - use cd quality source material for you first listen . i think it be the bud -lrb- both shure and sony -rrb- that be make my source sound tinny , and then i rip a cd of 128k mp3 and decide that i hate what the compression do to the music . i simply fail to pay attention before i start use a portable device . not to plug , but wma format cure a lot of the compression problem to i . -lrb- apple format also sound good on my friend 's ipod . -rrb- - would have like a inline volume control . i know that eat into fidelity , but whatever ; make a control with gold plate contact already . - the whole cord extension thing be a disaster . too short with , too long without . do not even get i start on the `` case . '' mostly , i like these earbud ; sony certainly have other `` high resolution '' earbud but if you can get these around $ 30 , it be a decent choice .
938	Headphone	POS	5	at the current list price of 21.99 , these phone be a steal . very comfortable and great sound quality for the price . also try the ksc75 headphone . i agree that the bass -lrb- which have good resolution -rrb- will sound exaggerated on many song , which probably sound good to some user . however , other should turn they bass down on the eq .
269	Headphone	POS	4	i have find this item hard to find in store and when i do it be more expensive . i use my headphone at work so i be always pull on the cord . i find this item to be a good quality item for it be price range . the sound be good and clear . it keep out allot of outside noise . i have be use these headphone for year now and recommend they especially if you tend to be rough with they and do not want to spend allot of money .
874	Headphone	POS	5	when i first get these headphone and compare they to the one include with my walkman back in 1997 , i be amaze at the sound improvement , especially the strong bass these produce . i do not know much about headphone at the time , but i take a chance on this brand i would never hear of . year later it be nice to know they be still consider among the best budget headphone you can buy . and to be fair , i 'll mention other option . why the portapros be great : - they sound much better than the cheap default throw-in , especially if you like bass . i actually buy a larger pair of koss headphone after this , but find out the portapros sound better . - they be the most comfortable headphone i have ever worn . they be very lightweight and the pivot earpad design accommodate ear that stick out . if not for the music you might forget they be on you head . - they be conveniently portable . they fold into a little ball that be easily store in a bag or backpack . i find this very convenient for walk between college class . - the price be a steal . headphone get ridiculously expensive for those with remarkable hearing and wallet , but this be one of those model that will satisfy most people for well under $ 100 . - the no-questions-asked lifetime warranty . after year of use , my foam pad be deteriorate and part of my headband have come loose . i just send my portapros back to koss with a note and my address , and in about 2 week i get what look and sound like a new pair in the mail ! i be so impressed , i decide to write this review . other headphone to consider : - the sennheiser px100 seem to be the main competition , so they be worth check out too . they be similarly affordable , lightweight and portable . i have not have a chance to try on or listen to a pair . - at the next level up be the grado sr60 and sr80 , which cost a bit more but be consider by many to be the best sound value out there . i have a chance to listen to some sr80 once ; they sound great but i find they to be somewhat uncomfortable due to the earpad pressure . after a while my ear be sore . - if you prefer closed headphone -lrb- better isolation from outside noise - the previously mention phone will be audible to people near you -rrb- , i would take a look at the sony mdr-7506 \/ mdr-v6 and the sennheiser hd280 pro . these be also a step up in price , but consider a great value . - see for yourself at review site such as headphone.com , goodcans.com , etc. . who write this review : - i have do a lot of research , but i do not claim to be a expert or hard-core audiophile . - i buy the portapro in late high school , and use they all throughout college to great satisfaction . - since then i have come to prefer clarity over exaggerated bass . my current favorite headphone be the etymotic research er-4p . it be a odd comparison since the er-4p be in-ear-canal headphone that cost several time as much . however , for the curious : the portapro can not compare in treble clarity , but they do have stronger bass , be slightly more comfortable , less fatiguing , and much cheaper . there be many step up from the portapro , but it be a great , affordable place to start listen to good headphone . note : i actually have a pair of portapro jr. s. from what i have read they be just portapros without the comfort zone switch on the temple pad . in any case , i would assume the portapros be the same or a step up , and i be very satisfied .
770	Headphone	POS	4	lightweight and easy to use , good behind you neck on the airplane , compact and simple to store in carryon , good sound quality even though it do not fit like a ear bud . well worth the cost .
763	Headphone	POS	5	ok , so i have own to set of hd202 's and they be awesome headphone for the price . this year i decide to go a lil ' bit higher end after my dog eat my 202 's . so after almost a month of look for `` better than hd202 's '' i find this hd280pro . they be a bit pricey but i get a refurbish set for 56 $ . the comfort : for the first couple of day i feel like they be squeeze my head , after use they for 3 continuous hr ... but i know by experience that you have to soften they a little . they feel a bit heavier than 202 's , and they be , but they construction feel very rigid . very hard plastic . this be my second week use they and i can tell they have soften a little and feel better . head room be huge , -lrb- i use 7 5\/8 in hat -rrb- and i can tell you that i be not even half way to the max expand capability of these . the ear pad on these 280 's be wider than the one in the 202 's . i have small ear so i have not have a problem with neither one of they , and it be very soft and thick -lrb- i can almost use it as a pillow while travel -rrb- . sound : quality be awesome ! compare to the 202 's they lack of bass but just give they aprox 3 to 5 day to break in and you will start feel the difference . still the low end frequency response be great and mid and high be very crisp and clear . now these be design mostly for studio usage and since they be 64ohm you ipod may struggle a bit to power they up to they full capacity . i have a ipod classic 160gb , i usually use it 75 % volume and it be loud . noise cancelling : i think it be very similar to the 202 's , i would say better noise cancel since the material use in these hd280 's be thicker . overall , it be great ! cord : it look very resistant and it be coil which make it better for such a long cord , compare to the 202 's that you have to tie it around the plastic thing that come with it which be almost as heavy as the headphone . it be thicker than the 202 's and come out of the left side only which be great . overall it be a great product and totally recommend .
779	Headphone	POS	5	these be outstanding headphone , by far the best available in the price range . build quality feel substantial . sound quality be well-balanced and detailed , though ever so slightly muffle -lrb- difficult to over come with closed-back can -rrb- . sound leakage be minimal . if you want great sound , do not want to break the bank , do not care about hip look , and do not need to wear they strictly uninterrupted for more than 2 hour , do not hesitate .
321	Headphone	POS	5	i reccommend they to all who want a nice pair of headphone at a great price , i own three pair of they for different member of my family . my twelve year old daughter love they . great quality and sound .
542	Headphone	POS	5	the sound quality be good and the product it self be very good for the price . i use it in work out and it stay in place which be what i be look for .
23	Headphone	POS	4	i buy the head phone so i could watch movie w\/out wake the family up . they sound great . there be a little bit of hiss , but after ajust the different volume control , you can tweak the sound perfectly . they also come w\/an adaptor for different size output . i would recomend they . i also get they fairly fast .
685	Headphone	POS	5	i have trouble wear ear bud and need headphone . the sound on these be very clear and with the noise cancel feature i can keep the volumn low and still enjoy the music . they be expensive but be worth the extra expense for the quality you get .
261	Headphone	POS	5	when i see the price i couldnt beleive it . . but when i finnaly give in and buy they , i realize how awesome these thing be , they cut out all other noise , feel great on you ear , plus the design be amazing .
374	Headphone	POS	4	this be a great product . just a comment : the cable from battery pack to ear be a bit short . that be the only thing not really good . apart from that , this be a product really recommend .
194	Headphone	POS	4	these earbud have be in my save shopping cart for a while , and previous to have finally purchase they i purchase the highly acclaimed klipsch s-4 's which have not disappoint with they excellent fit and sound . they be truly exceptional . well , when the price of the boqari 's drop below $ 25.00 i have to bite , so-to-speak . i think , even if the negative review be support -lrb- and some of they be scathing -rrb- then the boqari 's would be relegate to occasional use , like listen to a dialogue-filled movie or youtube video . all they would need to do be have decent mid-range capability and feel comfortable . well , when they arrive in a very nice box , zippered leather case and replaceable bud to fit a child up to a elephant i think , wow , now that be a nice presentation at least . but it be the sound that be most surprising , even without the recommend burn-in period . it be solidly coherent from top to bottom , and the midrange be clear . if i could envision a frequency response curve it would be even and not ragged , with no discernable peak over-emphasise one or another part of the sound spectrum , and as i say , this be my immediate impression after have use the klipsch s-4 's few month . though i still prefer the klipsch 's -- which have only get better with use -- i be also mightily impressed with these boqari 's , especially at the price i pay . i must admit , however , there be not enough feature which would warrant the msrp of $ 299.00 ; that be , unless it be sell at a exclusive beverly hills or nyc boutique , but even those who can afford to pay that much for earbud would enjoy the sound they produce . at 1\/3 the msrp or lower , these be a great deal , and at 1\/6th they be almost a no-brainer .
66	Headphone	POS	5	after a few week of run with the awful ipod headphone i buy these . they stay in my ear and keep i from look like a bumble idiot try to cram those ipod turd back in every 10 foot . they sound good as far as i can tell .
464	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these head phone for my portable dvd player and the sound be crystal clear , the great design let for comfortable listen
12	Headphone	POS	5	a panasonic headphone for $ 5 ? this be a very good headphone for the money . if you have amazon prime , the shipping be free and it be deliver to you in two day . it be usable even if you ipod touch -lrb- 2g and 3g -rrb- have a protective case on it . i like the 90-degree headphone plug that make it less likely to break . the headband be adjustable , and its bass performance be quite good , consider its price .
521	Headphone	POS	4	i spend a lot of time read review look for a good set of ear phone or ear bud to use while work out . i like to run on the treadmill and have a problem where a lot of my sweat will run down into my ear and temporarily short out my ipod ear bud . after much comparison , these ear bud sound like they would fit the bill . i be not disappointed ! the great thing about these ear bud be that they swell up in the ear and block out the sweat while work out , they hold in the ear very well , they be considerably low price , they block out external sound very well ! i be recently read a article where a study be do by a university and find that you can only listen to you ipod -lrb- or other -rrb- for about 60 minute every day without damage you ear . if you turn down you volume you could extend that amount of time . that remind i many time where my ear start hurt after extend use of my ipod where i be listen to audiobook . the reason i mention this be that with these ear bud i be able to turn down the volume and still hear my audiobook . the main problem with listen to audiobook be that you have to turn up the volume enough to where you can make out the word over external sound . with these plug you be able to reduce the external sound , thus you can turn down you volume as well ! i find this extremely useful on long road trip where my 3 year old daughter listen to the dvd player in the back seat while i be in the front seat . these plug allow i to drown out the dvd player and focus on my audiobook without give i a headache from loud volume ! the deliver package only come with the ear bud , one set of ear foam plug already attach , and a extra set of ear foam plug for later use . the only draw back be that after 3 week of use one of the ear cut out and stop work . i be very hard on the product and have have the ear plug pull out of my ear and the connector yank out of my ipod many time . i go back and read some more review ... i find that other people have this same problem . i go online and find that i might be able to solder a new connector on . i decide that i love the ear plug but i do not want to purchase 12 set per year . that would add up to enough money to buy a quality pair that would last i much longer and give better sound . i have a soldering iron . i have do a little bit of soldering , i be by no means good at it ... i buy a 1\/8 '' stereo audio connector from radio shack and give it a shot . i cut out the extra non-copper fiber that would prevent good conductivity and solder it together . it work great now ! we 'll see how long it last this time : -rrb- i would give it 5 star if the connector be better !
937	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone be purchase for i as a gift so i could study better while other watch the tv in a nearby room . i listen to classical music at a moderate level . for hour on end , i wear the headphone very comfortably . the ear piece be soft and it do not push too hard around my head . i have a rather small head , but my fiance can wear they too for long period without discomfort . the sound quality be phenomenal for the price . if you have be listen to ear bud , you will think that you music have find a new dimension - you can really hear the mastering of any song with they . my only complaint be that if i be listen to music near anyone else , i have to turn it down to almost inaudible level so they do not hear it . so if you be look for headphone to use while someone else be in the room , i do not recommend these . if you be however just look to enjoy you music much more than you do before , i do recommend they . really , the price be not bad consider it be comparable to bose , so try to remember that when you have a bit of sticker shock . i would definitely purchase these again if i need another pair .
577	Headphone	POS	5	i be very happy with this wireless stereo headset . i have a similar product year ago that cost over $ 300 . this be a great deal , and i use they all the time . i buy these because i be not a big television watcher , and i can hook these up to the computer , put on my youtube playlist , and go outside and work in the garden -- much easier than have to download -lrb- and pay -rrb- thing to a ipod and have a wire hang around you neck - lol . i can walk all over the house and hear everything . i be petite , so they be a bit big for i , but i also understand that most item be make for the average person . the sound be good , easy to recharge , comfortable on the ear , and i enjoy they . if i do watch tv , i can still go outside and hear what be on the television , and not miss a thing . these headset be inexpensive , convenient , comfortable , and work in all area of the house . for this price , this be a excellent deal ! recommend !
980	Headphone	POS	5	i get these to use with my 80 gig i-pod while work out at the gym and while work around the house . the sound be fantastic , though a bit on the bass heavy side -lrb- not that i really mind - it be kind of a rare attribute for smaller headphone , in my experience -rrb- . so far , much of what i have be listen to be alternative and hardcore punk -lrb- which can have a lot of issue with sound quality , depend on the band and release -rrb- so i do not have any feedback on how they sound with the baroque\/classical side of my music collection as of yet . i have also notice that the battery on my i-pod last a long time drive these phone at moderate to higher volume . my sennheiser hd202 's - though they sound great on the i-pod , suck the life out of the battery fast . the single cord be great -lrb- though it be so skinny i worry a bit about break it in a rough environment if it snag on something as i walk past -rrb- , and since i keep my i-pod in my pocket while working\/working out , i actually prefer the straight plug to a angled plug - i do put a bit of heat shrink tube on the strain relief to extend and strengthen it since newer phone suck when it come to soldering on a new plug . heat carefully if you decide to do this so you do not melt the cord ! the phone look and feel great quality-wise , and although i love the folding design for storage , i feel a need to keep they in a drawer when not in use because accidentally sit on they or set something down on they look like it would break they . one other thing - i have a big head -lrb- resist the urge to exaggerate ! -rrb- and extended listening can hurt the ol' bean a bit at time . overall a fantastic set of headphone that i highly recommend purchase if you want a great-sounding alternative to those awful oe i-pod earphone .
450	Headphone	POS	5	surprisingly alot more base than expect , but not overwhelming . good sound for the priceof $ 20 . would recommend buy on sale , definitely worth the purchase . no crack as base go up , great and good fit for in ear headphone .
954	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone feel much more expensive than they be . they be comfortable and lightweight . i use they at work to block out the general noise and listen to music and record book and they muffle the outside noise nicely while deliver great sound quality .
49	Headphone	POS	5	i recently purchase a pair of the klipsch image s4 and have be use they for about two week now . and i must say i be very impress by this product . my previous set of earbud be make by v-moda and , although i enjoy they , i feel there be a bit to much bass for my liking . when the v-modas 's bit the dust i base my purchase of the klipsch on the fact that the stereo system in the office where i work have klipsch speaker and i like the clean open sound of they . i figure i would take a chance that the earbud have that same quality . the image s4 seem to i to have a wider soundstage than the v-moda . what i be hear more clearly now be the rhythm guitar in some song and the background instrumentation in other that i would never hear before . the best part be that the klipsch bud do not skimp on the bass response . it be there . it be noticeable . and it be clean . i enjoy anything from classical to country to jazz to classic rock and these bud do justice to they all . my only problem be with the silicone tip . i can not really blame klipsch because i have never come across a tip that be `` really '' comfortable . for i the large tip be too big , the small one too small and the medium one not real comfortable . i have order a set of the comply tx-100 tip in the hope it may be the solution . great sound separation with excellent bass response . great bud for the price !
553	Headphone	POS	4	the sound these put out be nearly unimpeachable . i be use they with a ray samuels audio predator usb dac\/headphone amp , source by a modify hp tablet pc -lrb- usb -rrb- and a asus transformer prime -lrb- analog out -rrb- and get good result . the sound be relax , detail natural , although i think the high be a bit roll off . i would not use these straight out of a low power source . i do have a couple of con - first , as some other reviewer have point out the attachment of the can to the headband seem flimsy - it do result in unsurpassed comfort for a headphone this large . the finish on the mahogany earcup be less than superb . the cord be long and heavy and make the phone unsuitable for portable use and less than optimum even in home with a ipod or tablet - they be design for use with a headphone amp , a control amp\/processor or receiver . as the headline for the review note , these be make in china , which be a disappointment when buy a luxury grade product from a japanese manufacturer . give my experience with the limited lifespan of most chinese make electronics , i wonder what they longevity will be . if i have pay full price for these they would be go back . i do have to say kudos to amazon for a great price and fast prime delivery .
503	Headphone	POS	5	i get these ksc-50 's to replace my aiwa hp-a091 's which break , as well as my panasonic headphone . i must say , these can rock !!  -- comfort -- these thing be really nice . they have a spring in the connector to easily slip they on . once they be on , you 'll soon forget they . i have hear that these will not work for people with big ear . i have normal medium ear and they be a bit loose . the pad be thick -lrb- without go beyond reason -rrb- and be very soft and comfortable . the clip be also flexible . i personally would not use these for exercise . they be a bit loose , and i think they would fall off . it be better to get something more secure like the labtec curve-495 's .  -- sound -- well , these thing be unbelieveable when it come to sound . literally , i can not believe they be under 20 buck . even though the speaker itself be farther away from you head than most headphone , they be still loud and proud . they literally require less volume from the device or computer and put out a lot of sound . in addition to the high and mid be very clear , these can have booming bass . the bass in these headphone be almost excessive , so i can not imagine what the closer fitting ksc-35 's be like . even thouugh the bass be loud , the range be still very low , and be still as clear as the rest of the range .  if you be look for inexpensive headphone that do not just get the job do , these be the one for you . you will not be return they . if they be right for exercise and you size ear be up to you .  this be a edit to my review : unfortunately , i take these to school today in my pocket in my pants . i do not know how , but they get dent very easily . i will be return they . you might want to try somethign more durable for school environment , other than that they be still good for exercise .
59	Headphone	POS	4	good radio , excellent sound . only complaint be once you put the arm band on , you can not adjust the volume easily because its `` lock '' so it will not move as you run . you pretty much have to remove the radio from you arm and adjust the volume because of the lock tab . other than that , its a decent radio .
34	Headphone	POS	5	awesome headphone for the price . buy these to replace a pair that have wear out -lrb- and i never send in the warranty -rrb- . these i believe have a lifetime warranty , but at this price if they break i would buy another pair if they be not fix under warranty anyway . nice balance of sound with decent bass for the size and type of headphone . not pro quality , but much better than any phone that come with a mp3 player . perfect for use at work since i keep it a little low -lrb- unless a reaallly good jam come on -rrb- and i can still hear what be go on around i .
117	Headphone	POS	5	get this new headphone for my new sony nw-hd5 . these headphone be pretty cool . require some get use to because they go kinda deep into you ear but they efficiently reduce external noise . sound get louder because they go deeper into you ear so you have to listen at a lower sound volume and that eventually save power and quality of sound be unbelievable awesome . happy with the purchase and will highly recommend .
24	Headphone	POS	5	this product be incredible . i be really glad i have it , but the sad part be : the amazon site have notice i about some tax of export , but when the product arrive to brazil i pay a expensive tax that i be ' t expect for . the product become very expensive with this unpected tax . but anyway , i be very satisfied with the headphone , i be use it to edit short film in my imac .
433	Headphone	POS	5	i read a lot of review about these headphone not be comfortable and not worth it . i just get mine yesterday and i kinda wish i buy it long time ago . the sound be great and the headphone be the most comfortable headphone i have ever own
892	Headphone	POS	5	i buy this to convert my sennheiser headphone to a gaming capable device . this item allow any nice headphone to become a headset . pro : quality sound con : not able to grip thick headset cable . however it can clip to clothing .
90	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be amazing ! great feeling when i take they out of the box . they do not cause too much pain after you have have they on for a long time and they have pretty good noise cancelation . ca not forget the clear , crisp sound they have . simply audio ! one thing i do not like about they be that i feel like they will break so easy . good news be that they be build sony tough . great buy !
430	Headphone	POS	5	this be my third pair . i love these . the price be great , the sound be also really good . when it come to ear bud , often time the bass be really lack . the bass in these be outstanding .
234	Headphone	POS	4	i look long and hard at earphone before i buy this one , but that in no way say that i know all there be to know about they -lrb- not even a fraction actually -rrb- . simply because there be just so many earphone you can get to try before you buy . i be skeptical about what kind of difference there might be between a $ 5 set and a $ 30 set . i be pleased to report that the difference be worth pay for : -rrb- it be not like i have use a whole magnificent range of earphone to be able to notice a difference . i have be a stock earphone user , and move to this one ... there be a huge difference in sound ! the range and clarity be great ! and more so be the sound-isolating property . i figure it be the great fit of the earbud inside you ear-canal . so it be imperative that they be insert correctly -lrb- they plug you ear to the outside sound -rrb- . as a experiment - plug you finger into you ear and hum to yourself - that be the way it actually work ! the hum be just to give you a idea of how the sound quality will change for you ; -rrb- -lrb- yeah i know that you own sound travels through the bone and not through air ... but the effect here sound just like it -rrb- . i do notice what the other mention as `` heavy bass '' of the sony phone , but i can definitely live with that . it be not like the sound be all bass ... it be just a tad more than what i would think the music will actually sound like . but it be all good -lrb- yes folk . . it really be -rrb- . after this ... i be pretty sure that even more expensive earphone must be something special -lrb- when i hear through these ... i can imagine those tiny difference that might improve even this quality -rrb- . but at present i would not like to spend $ 70 on another pair of earphone ... so i be stick to these - and love they : -rrb- cheer !
231	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these headphone primarily for music and pc gaming , and although i find they a little overpriced they do not disappoint . the sound quality be good ; i listen to a wide variety of music , from rap to techno to classical , and i be happy with the overall sound of these phone . if i be to nitpick , though , i would say that the bass on these phone may sound muddy to some ; it really vary for each person and i would recommend that you try a pair at you local store -lrb- best buy , target , etc. usually have display stand if there be no bose store around -rrb- before you buy . on to comfort , then . i can honestly say that these headphone be by far the most comfortable i have ever worn -lrb- note : i have a fairly large head , too -rrb- . if you like on-ear headphone , then you 'll love the way these feel . the cushioning be soft and do not cause you ear to sweat like i have experience with some other on-ear headphone . i would recommend the bose on-ear headphone to anyone look for a very comfortable pair of headphone with good sound ; if you be look for the best bang for you buck as far as sound quality go , though , i would probably look elsewhere .
338	Headphone	POS	5	i first buy a pair of the koss titanium portable headphones back around 6-7 year ago . that same pair have last i all this time until a week or two ago when they finally give up , i quickly order another pair and be hope for the same result 's . i also have other 's in my family that use they aswell , they really come in handy when i be work at a computer and need to be able to hear outside of the headphone . other than that , i like the volume control , how they feel , they lightweight design , the clarity of the sound , they have a nice bass sound to they , and more . but the best part of they be the price ! with shipping , they $ 20 , it be insane ! if there be anything bad about they , it would be that after 7 year they croak , but consider the price , and all that you get out of they , it be worth it . edit : i recieve my new koss port . headphone in and they fit and sound perfect , the only complaint i have about the new one be that they do not have a l-plug , but for the price , i 'll get over it . pro : long life price sound quality volume control how they feel how they look con : no l-plug if you need cheap headphone for listen to a mp3 player or use on a computer , i would highly recommend the koss titanium portable headphones .
363	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone be pretty good for the price that you pay , however , what be kind of a disappointment be the fact that the microphone be not as great as i be anticipate . i really like the innovative play\/pause\/next and back track button on the base of where the mic be situate . a little piece of advisory , if you be a person that like to workout and go run -lrb- as i do , do not use these earphone ! if you sweat so happen to enter through the hole that be designate for the microphone , then you earphone be do for . but the great thing be they customer service , after a quick registration and request for a new earphone , expect it there within a few business day . overall these be great earphone to use casually , beware of the non water proof mic !
52	Headphone	POS	5	i see many people complain about the tuning signal . maybe it be the individual usage and different type of wall and area , but i put these through the real test . my finding be once i find the signal it lock in no matter if i go around my house or down the street . i get at least 100 foot outside my stereo and no drop of signal or loss of sound . i keep the charges\/antenna up on top of the cabinet and some fm channel may need tweek at certain point , but cd 's and digital music once lock in work great . the stereo seperation be fantastic \/ these phone be worth every penny pay for it .
901	Headphone	POS	5	i run , bike , and hike . these actually do stay in place -lrb- in the ear -rrb- while be very active . great job ! sound quality be excellent !
597	Headphone	POS	5	i remember buy these earphone , like 6 year ago then one of my friend break they . so when i see these on amazon i have to buy they . specially for this price and the vibration be pretty strong and great overall .
486	Headphone	POS	5	just get these pair of headphone for my office , base on my husband 's recommendation . these be light , comfortable and very good quality , suitable for long duration use . one of the problem i have face with some other headphone : 1 . too big to fit on my head and keep dangle . 2 . start hurt my head or ear after some time . 3 . audio quality suck . these have a snug fit for head of any size and do not hurt or irritate at all . love they .
939	Headphone	POS	5	i love these headphone , especially with the fiio e7 . check out www.head-fi.org it be a forum for people who do not know much about headphone -lrb- like myself -rrb- but want expert opinion before they buy a pair .
835	Headphone	POS	5	not much to say for these headphone : amazing sound awesomely long cord length very worthwhile a great -lrb- yet a bit tight -rrb- fit
741	Headphone	POS	5	well , i have no frame of reference as far as high-end headphone go , but these be by far the best headphone i have ever own . i be go to get the bose tri-port , but the review be bad , and i be look for a open design that still cover the ear . these be really comfortable when i do not have my glass on . they get a little uncomfortable after a while because of my glass , but what can you do ? they sound amazing . i could never tell the difference between mp3 and aac , now i definitely can , and i be convert everything in my itunes library to aac . i think the 9 foot long cord be way too much -lrb- it be cool to be able to plug directly into the back of my computer rather than plug into the staticy speaker , though -rrb- so i use a garbage bag twist-tie to bunch some of it up -lrb- which be not a inconvenience if you bunch it up in the middle , neither too close to the headphone nor too close to the plug -rrb- . the cool thing about the cord be that it be detachable ... i just do not know how to find a shorter version of this exact cord with which i can replace it . i burn they in -lrb- play a variety of musical style through the headphone for hour and hour when i first get they -rrb- or whatever -lrb- ... i be not sure if i do it correctly . oh well , they still sound great . -rrb- and the treble , mid , and bass all seem to be fine . i be hear thing i have never hear in some of my favorite song -lrb- ironically , i hear whisper vocal that speak of `` subtle detail '' in `` the lemon of pink pt . 1 '' by the book -rrb- . my only complaint be i do not like silver . i be never go to understand why any headphone on earth have to be silver . i guess black plastic get hot in the sun . . but they generally look better , in my opinion . anyway , these be the best pair of headphone i have ever own and they only set i back thirty-five dollar .
451	Headphone	POS	4	ok , let get a few thing out of the way : 1 . yes these be bose - no they be not noise cancel 2 . not only be they not noise canceling , they be not high end bose headphone . 3 . even though they be not high end bose headphone ... they carry a premium price . if you be still with i , then those three thing must not matter to you . i should say that i prefer in ear headphone . i have a expensive set of earphone that i use when i fly -lrb- or when daddy need some quiet time and the kid be anything but quiet -rrb- . what i love about they be first the foam in-ear style provide a fair amount of isolation , and not only do they block outside sound , but create a sound presence for all these element of the music that i never know be there come to life . so i have high expectation for these headphone ... i mean , be not that why people buy bose ? i 'll admit that the sound be pretty good . the sound be fairly balanced and accent the vocal really well , although i do not think that all the nuance of the sound be there . i do not get a deep bass that i be use to . but more then anything else , the over the ear style give i listen fatigue . i feel like it be get heavier the longer i be use it . i know many many people prefer the over the head style , but they just be not for i . so after all that why the 4 star ? i seriously debate a 3 -lrb- take off a star for the over the head and a star for lower sound quality -rrb- . but then i start think that first i should not take off a star for my personal preference -lrb- or idiosyncrasy -rrb- . second , it be not fair to take off a star for the what i perceive as lower sound quality . the truth be , i pay more for my in-ear headphone so it be not right to judge these to that same quality since they be at different price point . so in the end , i split the difference . i will say though , if you plan to use these with a iphone , ipod or ipad - you should get the oe2us instead . it be the exact same headphone but have the build int volume , ipod control and mic to use with you phone . in the end - what the heck do i know , maybe these will sound great to you and you will love they . my final recommendation be if you can try somewhere before you buy that may be the best idea . see if you like before flash you fund . and remember for the most part , bose sell at a price fix so do not expect to find a deal on these .
988	Headphone	POS	4	i have have this item for almost 5 month and have have no major cause of wear and tear . it be work perfectly . pro : it be a very useful device for iphone\/macbook 's most recent generation . it do exactly what a normal iphone headphone do , but with the add benefit of use it on any headphone . con : i replace my iphone with a samsung galaxy nexus and it do not work on the phone . it be really disappointing , but that be the difference between how samsung and apple make they headphone jack .
5	Headphone	POS	4	i be a relatively tough critic with electronics , and i have now own several pair of `` noise canceling '' in-ear-design headphone . to name a few shure se210 and e2c , etymotic , and now these . i find the full sound , rich base , secure fit and lighter weight of these to be superior to the other . i do believe the shure se210 offer better sound isolation -lrb- which be not the most important for i -rrb- and purer sound at high level -lrb- also not for i -rrb- . regardless , i find these headphone to be far superior to the other . it would be nice if these come with some foam ear bud , but that be not a big deal .
167	Headphone	POS	5	i have trouble keep ear bud to stay in . this be the first pair that actually stay put without hurt my ear canal . the sound quality be almost equal to any of the higher end head phone while the cost of these be so much less . include with this set be multiple size and style of silicon inset to let you choose what work best for yourself . i do not find they hard to put on and off and they lay quite flat against you ear while in . they be a good pair for wear while lie down . very happy with this set and will be buy a second pair to give to my spouse .
298	Headphone	POS	4	overall , the quality of these earbud be very good . they seem very sturdy and the build quality be great . the bud themselves look rather plain to i , but the remote look pretty good . the issue of a noisy cord be something that will happen to most earbud out there , so nothing unexpected there . -lrb- use the clip help a lot . -rrb- the 45 degree angle of the plug be a nice feature and the remote work well with my ipod touch 4g . the package i get come with ear-hook that seem to work well , a nice v-moda brand pouch , and a four different size of tip that should work for most people out there . the earbud fit my rather large ear canal snugly and overall be comfortable . in term of the sound quality , these will definitely beat the quality of the basic white ipod earbud as well as most basic earbud . the bass be heavy , and boom . personally , i feel it overwhelm , but some people prefer that . -lrb- i 'll definitely be use these while listen to some dubstep though ; -rrb- . -rrb- however , -lrb- it could be the powerful bass , but -rrb- i feel as if the treble be only alright . the high just be not as clear as they could be and seem a bit muddle to i . i be compare these to the first generation of  lady gaga heartbeats in-ear headphones -lrb- rose red -rrb-  -lrb- the remix do beat the heartbeats in overall bass power , but , again , i personally prefer the bass not to overwhelm too much . -rrb- to summarize , pro - great build quality and durability - remote work nicely -45 degree plug be nice - bass be powerful con - treble be only average
957	Headphone	POS	5	this be my first new pair of headphone in quite a few year . they be a replacement for a 25 year old pair of akg k-240 , my last pair of sennheiser headphone be a pair of hd-414 which still work great after 30 year of use . i have always find they product in general to be very high quality . the sound quality with these be excellent listen to any type of music , excellent flat frequency response , good clean bass and very crisp high , and very comfortable .
493	Headphone	POS	4	the folding thing be easy and it be very handy have the plastic case . the sound be very good , not excellent though ... especially on the low , i have never try the porta pro , so i can not compare , i buy a $ 20.00 pair of sony 's that be so bad they be unusable before purchase these . i use they for mostly for run , they sound good , they stay in place , what more can you ask ... , well , ok , a little better reproduction and accuracy on the low end .
840	Headphone	POS	5	i be hesistate for a while because of the price but after get a ipod the bud apple supply hurt and dont fit . i read a few review and be still not sure about it but i go for it . they be great , they fit great , great sound overall great .
893	Headphone	POS	4	the most important thing by far for wireless headphone be comfort , and these really excel in the comfort department . i can wear they for hour and not feel like i want to take they off . the comfort seem to be from three factor : 1 . they be relatively light weight , 2 . they have a wide foam pad that rest on you head around the ear , not on the ear , and 3 . they do not clamp down on you head too tight , just tight enough to stay on . the only comfort issue be that they be big and bulky enough that you can not lay the side of you head on a pillow with they on like you can with in-ear headphone . seriously , do not buy uncomfortable wireless headphone no matter how great they seem otherwise . i have very high standard for sound quality as a person who build my own high end speaker , and i can definitely say there be headphone that sound better , include my wire mdr-v6 headphone . the main problem be that the bass be weak . from midrange up to treble the sound be very good , and most people would be very satisfied with it , include myself . but the reception be great ... as long as any part of the headphone have line of sight to the receiver there be no cutout or static anywhere in the living room . of course as soon as you leave the room the ir signal cut out . the surround processing be not very good . just like most dsp mode on receiver , it make for tinny distorted sound . maybe it do steer the sound somewhat but the overall degradation be not worth it . i leave the headphone in music -lrb- non-surround -rrb- mode even for surround source because it give a cleaner sound . i live in a condo , and even though i have higher quality speaker , i find myself usually use these headphone for movie and tv because it be just so cool to be able to listen loud enough that you can hear all the dialog all the time with no concern about annoy the neighbor . listen through the speaker i be always turn the volume down during explosion or crash and turn the volume up during quiet dialog . with these headphone you do not have to do that so you be more immerse . most people seem to think the surround processing on these be pretty much state of the art and yet i think it be useless . so my suggestion would be to not buy headphone for surround processing . just find a pair of comfortable headphone that have decent sound quality and you 'll be set . since these headphone cost so much due to the surround processing , they be probably not a great value . the other minor complaint i have be that there be no way to turn the base station on or off remotely ... it be the only device i have to actually get up and walk over to turn on . after a few year of use , mine be develop a problem where the sound cut off if i leave my dvr on pause for a long time . this use to happen just a few percent of the time but now it be start to happen almost half the time that i do a long pause . the problem seem to be in the base unit ; unplug the toslink and switch the base on and off restore the sound . i be in the market for a new set of wireless headphone . i be consider get another set of these use to replace the base unit , and that way i 'll have two set of headphone so my girlfriend and i can listen together late at night without wake other up .
137	Headphone	POS	5	i buy to try the follow earphone : koss ksc9 , which be earphone with clip over the ear , koss ksc22 which be with clip over the ear as well . i want the clip so that the earphone would not fall out from my ear so easely , and these two model do not fall from the ear no matter what you do . but the sound quality be depend at the way you will insert they to you ear . but sony mdr ed21lp be a surprise to i : not only they fit so well in my ear , they will hold they selve very nicely within the ear -lrb- maybe after some time you will need to push\/fit they in a little , but even without do so , they will not fall out -rrb- and they sound much better because they be act like internal earbud , without be force and seal inside the ear canal , which be very un healthy for the ear . this sony model do the trick very well , they fit very nice , quickly and locate they selve in the optimal way in the ear cavity , and they have this special rubber part that be gently insert into the ear canal , but without the pressure of the tight seal , so you get a surprising louder bass then any of the earphone model that do not have this aditional `` sound tube '' . i be a musician and i can tell very well if the sound be even slightly better . i be go to get i another set of these so well sound earphone . the sound be balance all across . i like to hear a good bass sound and this sony model give i the best joy of listen so far with these size of earphone . -lrb- my mother tang in not english , so please forgive i if there be any mistake -rrb- .
876	Headphone	POS	4	the sound be great for a $ 10 earbud but the cord be 6-12 inch short of ideal .
399	Headphone	POS	5	these thing be great ! they have great bass if you use the right ear piece which be just what i be look for . thank you jesus ! -lrb- and amazon -rrb- : -rrb-
551	Headphone	POS	5	the px 100 headphone have great sound almost unreal for the money . this be the 4th set i have purchase and recommend they 100 % . one thing to take into consideration be that these headphone be not extremely durable . i would not recommend these for kid or any `` rough '' use . frankly they be not mean for that hence the reason i do not deduct for durability . also if rough up the foam speaker cover can come off fairly easily . you & i will simply put they back on ; kid may not and loose they . by the time you find replacement foam cover it could be less aggravate to purchase new headphone . sennheiser do provide a well design case to protect the headphone while not in use . also , note that other user report a faulty wire connection . i have run into something similar on one only one of my headphine set and that be the set my daughter be use . i chalk that up to abuse since none of the set i have use have this issue . still , consider the amount of people that have report this issue , i would keep it in mind . bottom line : people who will take care of the headphone and want a budget set with excellent quality = yes rough use -lrb- ie : kid on school bus -rrb- = no
330	Headphone	POS	5	i have to admit that i be dubious of these when i first see they . ear fin do not seem like they would be comfortable , and i could see how it would be a problem . at first it be a little strange , but after use they for a while i do not even notice the fin anymore . the sound be good for ear bud that be only use to work out , and i actually use they just walk around . the bright yellow be a little intense for my taste , but nobody really seem to notice unless i point it out . these work great for what they be intend for . the extension cable do not degrade the sound enough to matter at all , i actually do not notice any degradation , and since i do not own a ipod shuffle , some of the report problem with that system -lrb- which seem like a design flaw that that product more that this one -rrb- do not exist for i . very happy with this purchase overall . it should be note that those who be worry about different size ear should be able to find something close to they size in the pile of extra that come with this ear bud set . the downside would be that they be not as high perform as some of the other sennheiser audio listen device . this be not all that surprising consider they be not design for in depth listening but be active , and in that they excel . even jump around for four hour strait and slinging heavy box around do not move these out of place . bottom line : highly recommend for work out , but if you want to sit and listen to music i would suggest a different model .
249	Headphone	POS	4	i use my portapro with a cmoy amp i build with my sony walkman mp3 player . they sound great for the money -lrb- a little bassy but you can que it down -rrb- . i like that koss get it right and have not change a thing in many year !! very comfortable for long listening . not a real pretty headphone set but they do the job well . quality seem to be good . i think with a little care they will last for year . i like they & i use they everyday .
240	Headphone	POS	5	we have two little boy that be very into computer and my ipad . the problem be i be so sick of listen to they kid show i have to find a way to tone it down . these be the perfect headphone for little kid . they be very sturdy and fit all size of kid .
165	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these as a replacement for some motorolla rokrs that i have buy and stop function . these be comfortable , but less compact because of the rigid plastic framing . it work well if you be able to store they with the case they come in . i usually have they in my bag . the case be rigid to keep from be crush . i be a little weary of the wiring at the pivot point for the frame . if they get pinch and fray the wiring , then it will be pointless to have purchase these . but for now , they be comfortable and work with a sony dongle that clip into a ipod 9-pin dock . it pair easily .
752	Headphone	POS	5	i have be a sennheiser fan for year and buy my dad the rs130 but be not really impressed with they sound since they sound like other wireless headphone i have try which be also not good . i buy the rs180 for $ 230 and i be glad i do . they sound great !! i use they in my apartment when i want to listen to my stock show after work but also want to be get stuff do like dish , clothes , that require i to go from room to room . they really free you up to multitask . i also like they because my girlfriend can be talk on the phone beside i and i can just pop on these bad boy and watch my show and sport . oddly enough i be watch a basketball game the other day with they and i could hear more background noise -lrb- like player cursing -rrb- than you can listen to it over speaker . i have a expensive set of polk audio speaker and be kinda surprised at some of the extra stuff i be miss . they be very comfortable and the charger stand be also pretty tight . i would definitely buy these again .
520	Headphone	POS	4	i be look for a relatively inexpensive pair of headphone that be comfortable to wear for long period of time . let i first say that the sound quality be all be crack up to be . they sound awesome with great bass reproduction and a nice long cord for the price . my gripe be that i be look for the comfort factor as well and it be not there . they be not uncomfortable -lrb- if that make sense -rrb- but although they look like a supraaural pair of headphone , in fact , they simply slip right around the ear themselves instead of have a nice big circle to press against the head . they barely fit over my ear and i do not think i have extraordinarily large ear . so , if you be look for a great sound pair cheap , the hd202 's be the way to go .
584	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these for my son , after he very extensive research into find the best quality headphone on the market . without a doubt , these be not only a great value for the price but in any price range . the sound be amazing ! as a hat off to amazon : these be actually a little hard to find ... not only do you have they , but they be at a discounted price . they also arrive on the exact date on the shipping confirmation .
319	Headphone	POS	5	denon ahd2000 head phone feel comfortable and sound excellent , but be not the most durably construct . i bring mine to work with i to listen to mp3 's . during transportation of the headset inside of my small gallon size bag the swivel screw bent and break leave one ear piece dangle . use a zip tie loop around the swivel screw joint and tilt bracket i tie it back together . month later now i be still enjoy the superb sound .
714	Headphone	POS	5	this radio be super light weight so that it stay on you arm . the control be easy to learn and use . -lrb- even for 50 + -rrb- . the tuner be excellent . this would make a great gift for any male 7-70 .
411	Headphone	POS	4	purchase the senn 's have need a replacement for 30 year old akg 's . research the brand , and although love the akg 's , decide to take chance on senn 's base on positive user review find . so far have not be disappoint ! for both vinyl and cd , sound quality seem well balanced . they be a little ` clunkier ' then my old akg 's , however they be still pretty light , and comfortable . i would prefer a little longer cord , but this just base on distance between my receiver , and couch where listen from . delivery as usual be quick and efficient by amazon . have have for about 5 month , highly recommend so far !
328	Headphone	POS	5	my daughter want these and never leave the house without they . they work really well and be purchase another pair for she brother .
232	Headphone	POS	4	i be now on my third pair of these headphone . i use they when training -lrb- running , gym , etc -rrb- and the first two pair last about 6-7 month before the cable fail . both time the cable fail at the point where it split \/ be join to the headphone . why do i still keep buy they and give a four star review ? sound be good , they be very light , extremely comfortable , not too expensive , and i do give they a lot of abuse so do not expect they to last forever .
919	Headphone	POS	4	the headphone be great but for the amount of money i pay the quality be poor . i would think that the quality of the diddy beat should be top of the line . i purchase the headphone for my girlfriend as a gift for we vacation trip . the sound and bass be excellent , just a perfect headphone . during we trip two day later the talkcontrol stop work , it be a pain because my girlfriend would not stop complain about the talkcontrol troblem . i finally call after we trip and amazon customer service be great , they make it fast and easy to replace the headphone . still today she love the headphone . great headphone and amazon make the process easy and enjoyable to order . aa -
491	Headphone	POS	4	got these for my wife and i to use on a airplane trip . figure i could use they at home some too . the quality be about what you would expect for $ 43 . the noise cancellation be okay and the sound be pretty good . i compare they to my isolation ear bud and they definitely have better sound . then i compare they to the bose quitecomfort 15 -lrb- airport store have they out to try -rrb- and it be night and day . the noise cancellation on the bose be far superior , but for $ 300 they should be . also , i think these be around the ear like the bose , but turn out they sit on the ear . i prefer around the ear like the bose . the cord roll up into the headset which be very convenient , but it be a little finicky sometimes . it be plastic and the spring roll up be very weak . i worry it will break one day . overall , my wife and i both enjoy they and they be worth $ 43 . i do not think i would pay full price -lrb- $ 79 -rrb- for these though .
941	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone deliver on the promise of cd quality sound . the replaceable battery be a fantastic feature , with a charger build into the transmitter there be no reason for any loss of listen time due to recharge . this pair have be in service for almost 3 year multiple hour per day and have be trouble free . my only two complaint be that i wish there be a way to remove the ear cup padding and clean it . the second one be interference with other 5.8 ghz device - maybe in the next version it will have a encode feature to prevent interference .
792	Headphone	POS	5	these pone be a excellent value and have a great sound for listen to audiobook .
730	Headphone	POS	5	i have the worst time find ear phone in the history of the world . i have small ear so the type that come with standard stuff never fit . the type you put in the ear always fall right back out again , plus they look gross after awhile . add to that a hearing impairment in one ear and i be a hopeless case . until now . the monster immersion isport in-ear headphone be the best . they come with several different ear bud size so you can get the perfect fit no matter what size of ear -lrb- s -rrb- you have . the neatest feature -lrb- as far as fit go -rrb- be the little rubber thing call a `` sport clip '' at the top that mold right into you outer ear to hold they in . it be patent so you 'll not find this feature on any other ear phone . there be no pull these out accidentally -lrb- or have they fall out while run -rrb- . they be very snug without be tight or painful in any way -lrb- my ear be also really sensitive to that too -rrb- . now onto the other cool feature . firstly , they be waterproof . mean you can wash they in the washer -lrb- or in the sink , whatever float you boat -rrb- . but wash they be a huge bonus in my eye because i seriously be disgust when someone put my ear phone in their ear , it do not matter how much i love they , i do not share ear phone . this also mean if you be a runner or some other type of athletic person that sweat a lot , you be not go to have a issue with they get wet - bonus ! a friend tell i she have ear phone that be waterproof and can be use for swimming , i have never hear of such a thing and i be not sure if i be understand she correctly because i can not find any other ear phone that claim you can throw they in the washer ! they say they have `` proprietary sealed housing '' mean they be the only ear phone out there that continue to have awesome sound , even after get wet . some of the cool techie-type feature be the controltalk . it say it be for `` music phone and ipod '' . i be not sure what that mean because i be able to use a splitter and plug it into my sony xperia play and it work just fine . but know if you be a iphone sheeple , it be get ya cover : the controltalk have a call answer button & microphone so you can easily switch back and forth between listen to music and talk on you phone . it can also be use for music and video playback on you ipod -lrb- nano 4g and later , touch 2g and later , iphone 3g and later , ipad -lrb- s -rrb- and the remote will work on ipod shuffle -rrb- . the audio work on all ipod model . it say there be some support for blackberry but that be something you would have to check on , it be base on the model you have . i find the controltalk to be the best techie thing ever , i love that i can easily skip ahead in a song -lrb- or to the next song -rrb- or book chapter , video , etc. with just press a button on my ear phone cord , it be very convenient . you can also use it to pause and control the volume . now for the sound . this be the a-maz-ing part . i have honestly never hear such good sound on ear phone before and that be say a lot consider i have very little hearing in one of my ear . it be always be a bummer because listen to music have be greatly diminish since my hearing loss . when i put these in today , i be able to hear the music like i remember , rich , full and very crisp , it be wonderful ! now i 'll be the one to admit that i usually buy cheap ear phone because my kid steal they , i lose they , they break , never fit right anyway , etc. . but these be very high quality and they fit perfectly so when you have they in , you hear no background noise , just the music\/book\/whatever you want to hear . the sound quality be truly extraordinary . also have : - tangle free cord - right angle jack - pro sound isolating ear tip in multiple size - a spring-clip pouch that feel like neoprene ... maybe it be , maybe not , but it be durable and look good . -24 k gold plate contact - microstrand conductors which help produce sound with clarity & detail - rugged construction - advanced in-ear speaker design for amazing sound so , if you be a athlete or just someone who want a good , solid pair of ear bud that will last , you 'll probably really enjoy these , i know i do !
974	Headphone	POS	4	for some reason its difficult to find sport earhook headphone that also have the volume and track control attachment . i can not live without the track pause control , the area where i jog be very social and i get tire of have to pull my bud off every time someone say hi , especially since i have to dig the iphone back out of its armband to start thing go again . for i a earloop be a necessity , everything else fall out as soon as i get above walk . these fit in the ear pretty well , i kind of have to push the bud in on the left side , but everyone 's ear be a little weird . one nice feature be the optional cord extender , its great to take off for jogging to keep the cable nice and short if you use a armband for you player , but you can pop it back on if you want to put the player in you pocket . sound quality be good enough , mostly i listen to radio and podcast , so it do not matter much to i . usually when i be exercise there be enough ambient noise i can not really notice , anyway . overall , i be happy with these so far .
307	Headphone	POS	4	i buy a pair of these at best buy a couple year ago . they break within a year of use . the cable cover come off next to the earphone . . they sound really good but be not nearly as good as they should be for the price . i buy some sony mdr-7506 's a few week ago for only $ 84 and they sound way better and build far better in term of durability . save you money .
101	Headphone	POS	4	the most amazing property of these headphone be that it be almost like you be wear nothing . they be light and comfortable and the pressure of the ear pad be adjustable on both side . these be probably the most comfortable headphone i have ever worn and i have own many set of headphone from sony , panasonic , seinheiser , ultrasone ... the extra set of head pad above the ear reduce the pinch on the ear you get with most headphone . that say , the sound quality -lrb- here i be use the word ` quality ' literally , as in flavor , not how good the sound be -rrb- be punchy and bass-y , at the sacrifice of high end and midrange . i test these headphone with a sony hi-md lossless minidisc player with a flac audio source . these headphone be what i would call `` teenager headphone . '' they have sound property that kid would look for . if you listen to a lot of music that have valuable high frequency sound property you may wish to look elsewhere . the high and midrange on these headphone be a little muddy .
138	Headphone	POS	5	great value for a set of headphone of this quality . clear , crisp , and enough bass for my listen need -lrb- about 1-2 hrs\/day include music and audiobook -rrb- . i would not wear these all day because they fit a bit snug , but perfect for a hour or two at a time .
646	Headphone	POS	5	okay , because i have go through load of headphone , from cord , to wireless , on ear , over ear , and in ear . in ear suck , so i will not even argue about that , these headphone be over ear . . or on ear ... do not really matter . they be awesome ! only thing i suggest be get a ft. headphone extender , cause any headphone you get will have a short cord , include these headphone . secondly , do not be a idiot and be careful , just order a second pair , because the sound be great ! just have to replace mine , i step on the cord and bent the metal ... so now i have to have it just right to get it to play ... but they be just plain great ... forget dr. dre beat , yeah , they would be awesome to be able to replace the cord instead of the whole pair of headphone ... but these be 7.99 ... the beat be over 200 buck ... forget that .
664	Headphone	POS	5	i purchase these headphone to use in the gym . for under $ 10 i figure it be worth a chance . my klipsch s4 's be not stay put so despite they excellent sound quality i want to try something that would even if it mean less quality . besides the klipsch phone i have use shure , ultimate ears , senheisers , sonys , koss ... . . you name it and i have probably try they . these phone match up pretty well as gym phone . nice fit -lrb- better than most -rrb- , good sound and durable . for $ 10 it be a no brainier ! just buy they , period !
917	Headphone	POS	5	these work exactly as advertise . great reception throughout the house and in the back yard although they be use primarily at night to provide peace in the house . the head phone be very comfortable , they tend to fall off when i be bend over while work but i probably should not expect that much from they . they be great for they intend use . easy to recharge and very long battery life . they be ok for music , they be great for tv .
273	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone sound great . after break in for 72 hr the bass be nice and everything be sound like you in concert ! use high quality file be a must . it be easy to tell the difference between a 128kbs mp3 and cd quality music . listen to a saxaphone solo you can actually hear the pad click on the instrument . trans-siberian orchestra be truly awesome . good for rap , rock , classical , jazz , etc. . . if more bass be desire -lrb- as some previous review -rrb- you can always dial some in the eq on itunes . i pay $ 68 on sale and there be no other headset out there that compete for that much .
583	Headphone	POS	4	the headphone be wonderful ! they be for my husband and he love they . the sound quality be great . the loud tv bother i no more . even my very hard of hear 83 year old mother-in-law love they - she could hear everything on the tv .
790	Headphone	POS	5	sound quality be quite good consider the item 's low price , bass come through great and the headphone only fault be show when music be at a very high frequency for a long period of time . the cord actually do prevent tangle , be a decent length , do not hinder music when rub against clothing , and look good . the purchase also include a great compact carry case which hold several size of ear bud -lrb- 5 pair in total -rrb- . once the proper seal around you ear have be make these headphone will sound great and provide a amazing value for all sort of buyer highly recommend .
288	Headphone	POS	4	it be pretty good . i do not have that much experience with more expensive one and all i have be small ear bud but with this price and sound quality i would say it be a good buy
645	Headphone	POS	5	i deal primarily with $ 200 - $ 500 circumaural audiophile headphone ... with dedicated headphone amp , lossless audio , the whole 9 yard ... but that stuff tend to be ill-suited for exercise and portable use . i want a good sound headphone that be portable and preferably cheap . well . . these headphone at low-medium volume decimate many other i have hear that go for $ 50 or more ... and at the moment they be sell for a mere $ 14 . i have own many brand of headphone and many level of quality , from consumer mp3 player stock earbud , dj headphone , and many audiophile can , from sennheiser , denon , akg , bose -lrb- bleh -rrb- , and shure . there be no question in my mind that these be among the best there be for cheap , portable headphone . con : although the sound and value be phenomenal , they can be a bit awkward to put on or wear ... it just take some get use to . heavily recommend for anyone seek a first non-stock set of headphone , or anyone that need a decent quality headphone for the go . i be a audiophile snob , and i have no idea that i would ever see the day where i could get by on a pair of $ 14 headphone .
717	Headphone	POS	5	i be concern that perhaps splitting the line level output from the audio jack on the computer and feed it to the speaker on the desktop and the receiver in the living room would end up mean that i would get insufficient output to drive both , and especially drive the signal through the 50 foot of cable require to get to the receiver . however , this , combine with a heavy duty 50 foot audio cable i buy here on amazon -lrb- premium 2 rca male to 3.5 mm stereo male , 50 ft -rrb- do exactly what i want , and everything work as it should . i notice no reduction in the audio from the desktop speaker , and the receiver be get plenty of input as well . very pleased .
968	Headphone	POS	5	alright , im not a music professional and i dont record . but i have these for around the house use and trip and they be simply amazing . a lot of people say these be uncomfortable but that a lie . these thing be great . i wear they from philidelphia to montreal and they didnt bother i a bit . i also be they when i mow the lawn and they keep the noise down low so i can actually hear my music . the only real problem be that they dont have the greatest bass in the world but all of its other feature make up for it . worth the money .
98	Headphone	POS	5	it be great especially for the price . i enjoy this earbud .
693	Headphone	POS	5	description of product as state . i have walk around my house with the headphone on and have have perfect reception to listen to my favorite movie or music . excellent product !
861	Headphone	POS	4	sound be good , but the headphone be a little small . they do not really cover my ear and they also feel a little tight . i also have the sennheiser 201 's , and i prefer they to these . the 201 's fit much better on the ear and do not squeeze you head . i would recommend they over the 202 's . what be surprising be that the 201 's be actually cheaper !
545	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these about a month ago along with a pair of audio-technica ath m35 which i review a while ago and i have to say that these be very good . i be impress by the quality of the sound . i have use a lot of earbud with my iphone and they always disappoint i either in sound quality , durability , compatibility . these however work perfectly with the iphone . the remote control allow i to do everything with the phone without have to take it out of my pocket . voice command be as responsive as use the phone itself , skip to the next or previous track be easy -lrb- 2 click on middle button for next , 3 for previous -rrb- , 1 click to answer a call etc. . the sound , as i say before , be very good . noise isolation work well , although i be not sure if it be such a good thing give that you should have a minimum awareness of you surroundings . i would have give it 5 star but they look really fragile . cable be very thin so i can no longer just toss they somewhere when i get home as i do with my previous one . i have get cautious and buy a case for they this way they be protect . other than that a very good product and the price be not bad either .
540	Headphone	POS	4	they fit perfect , they sound clear , these bud have a great blend of bass , mid and high ... the build quality be excellent . for the price ... these earbud be a great value in my opinion . noise cancellation be almost perfect ... just make sure you fit they properly to you ear ... i 'll be keep these pair . .
699	Headphone	POS	5	perfect for run . they stay put , sound great , and you 'll forget you be even wear headphone . outstanding !
823	Headphone	POS	4	so i buy this headphone because i just want something to use when i work out . these be a pretty good pair of headphone i have have they for about 3month now and have not have any type of problem . and for they price they sound pretty good . i like to use the in ear one more only because they be more portable . but overall they both be pretty good pair of headphone and especially for they price
830	Headphone	POS	5	this product be of the finest quality . i love it . i order another pair for my wife . i highly recommend it to anyone .
630	Headphone	POS	4	i get this headphone about 1month ago . just 99 $ , it be a good deal , but it doesnt work good with mp3 player or ipod , you need a headamp for this headphone . when i use with home theater system , it easy to drive this headphone . this headphone make treble so good , mid be ok , and bass be very strong . this be a good deal for 99 $ , but you need a headamp to drive it
125	Headphone	POS	5	i be very happy with the headphone . i want to listen to my ipod without use of the earbud type phone because they hurt my ear after listen for awhile . these be very comfortable . while they do not block outside noise , this be exactly what i want - to be able to hear if someone need i . although if you turn they up , they do block out a lot of outside noise . i like the fact that they fold up - there be a hinge on each side . i be very happy with my purchase and i would purchase they again for a gift !
185	Headphone	POS	4	if you have someone who be hard of hearing , and you must spend a good amount of time with they , this be the product for you . no more scream over the television just to carry on a conversation . easy setup .
544	Headphone	POS	4	i work the night shift on the floor of a manufacturing facility where i be surround by modern machinery , electric panel , computer , a wi-fi network , row of fluorescent lighting and concrete block wall , so i be hesitant to try a wireless headset . my main listen interest be sport talk , ballgame , news program , and talk show . the headphone be hook into my satellite radio boom-box via the headphone jack -lrb- with the volume on the boom-box turn up all the way -rrb- . well let i tell you , i receive great reception and quality at 90 yard -lrb- and that be with about 50 machine between myself and the transmitter -rrb- . only the slightest crackling and minor hiss can be hear at that distance . be about 60 yard away from the transmitter with a concrete block wall and 30 machine between , the audio be sufficient enough with some crackling , hissing and breakup . while in my main work area -lrb- about 2000 sq. ft -rrb- and in direct line of the transmitter , the audio be spot on with absolutely no crackling , no hiss and no interference . i can not `` accurately '' comment on the music quality b\/c i do not have `` a ear '' for it , but it be as good as any ` wire ' headset or ear bud that i have own . the placement of the dial do not present a problem for i . i have no difficulty adjust the volume , tuner or on-off switch , even with work glove on . these headphone be worn daily for a minimum of 8 hr . a day , and do not lose a charge . you can tell when the battery be die when the audio quality start to diminish . they be plenty comfortable -lrb- even w \/ safety glass on -rrb- with ample padding . my only complaint -lrb- and it may be genuine to i -rrb- be the fit . i have a good size melon -lrb- 7 5\/8 -rrb- and these seem to wiggle a bit while i be work . i do some lifting and reach at work and while do so , i sometimes have to try to keep my head level so the headphone do not slide down or back . again , this may be unique to i as i may have stretch these beyond they capacity . = -rrb- i highly recommend these headphone and would have give they a 5-star review have i just use they in a `` idle '' position .
96	Headphone	POS	5	awesome product , i have use bose , sony and pioneer and the sein be way better , and for the money be awesome and conformable . my wife put aside she bose and now i have to buy she a set . i listen to rock and they handle the bass very very well , even with hip hop and techno and the bass bounce back fast , i do not know the term for it , but it handle fast bass throw at it like from meatallica and such ... so if you like rock or metal , these be good to go ... even for classical and club , i try all music so far . well not polka or swing , but i be sure it 'll work ... hope this help , , shoot shoooot .
998	Headphone	POS	4	the first thing i notice about these headphone be the comfort -- the material be very soft and fit just around my ear -lrb- though it may not work for other , as i have very small ear -rrb- . the headband , stuff with a little cotton , fit especially well over my head , and do not beat down on the top as some other plastic one have . after i put they on , i notice that i could hear everything ... which might be good or bad , depend on its use . it be good for closed performance -lrb- without a audience -rrb- because every tiny nuance provide by the performer be present crystal-clear . in fact , at certain very , very quiet pause , i even could hear the orchestra turn the page -lrb- literally -rrb- ! however , it be not so good for live performance , where every obnoxious \* cough , cough \* or \* hackgh , hackgh \* from the audience can be hear , equally crystal-clear . another trait of these headphone be that , when i let other try they , the headphone do not leak . that be , i can not hear what they be listen to unless i jam my ear against theirs , and they certainly can not hear i . this `` containment '' of the sound be probably the reason why the music sound much louder through these than through the other i have try . overall , i think these headphone be worth the price . however , they do not leak as much sound as the panasonic noise-canceling headphone , and they be especially comfortable and extremely , i repeat extremely clear .
193	Headphone	POS	5	great sound , especially the bass . the sound insulation be very impressive , when the speaker be put together , you can not hear any noise come out unless you be really blast the music . the cord be very well design . it be thick enough that you be not go to damage anything if you accidentally roll over it in you chair , and the coiled design make it great for move around . they be also extremely comfortable , and dont make my ear hurt or hot . i have a large head , and you can jack these out to fit even the largest head , yet they still fit snugly on my small-headed room mate . fantastic headphone , i recommend they to everyone .
632	Headphone	POS	5	this product be another great buy for i and for a cheap price that i have save a x amount of dollar .
933	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these for my son a he just love they , i put they on myself a they fit very well seem very sturdy a the sound be great . a as usual with amazon you can expect fast ship a excellent packaging .
31	Headphone	POS	5	all the positive review across the internet be absolutely right . from the time i put they on , these headphone be completely different from any i have previously own . the range of sound be superb , and the bass response be surprising for a package of this size . sound clarity be not a issue , you can crank the volume up quite high without any distortion . here be some more feature : - extremely portable : the px100 fold up into a little carry case - easy on the ear : the only time i have have any slight discomfort whatsoever be when i wear they for 6 hour straigh . - easy to drive : even on my aaa battery-driven zen micro mp3 player i do not need to max the volume to hear everything well . here be some other thing to consider : - since these be portable , the cord be only 5 ft long ; you will most likely need a extension if you plan on use they with a desktop pc . - these be open headphone , so some sound leak out : most music and sound be barely audible a few foot away from the px100 , but game sound -lrb- gunfire , explosion , etc. -rrb- and rock music seem to propagate easily because of the sharp , intense sound . if you need a pair of headphone to use in a quiet area , i would suggest buy a closed pair -lrb- earcup -rrb- or some canal earphone -lrb- one that go inside the ear canal -rrb- . all in all , a great buy , consider that most headphone do not begin to sound this good until you hit $ 60 .
173	Headphone	POS	5	panasonic rp-ht21 lightweight headphone be very good . i have more than one set . price , be more than good and sound quality be outstanding for what i use they for . again , a good buy .
180	Headphone	POS	5	i need a new pair of headphone to replace some raggedy sony mdr-v600 's that be 18 year old and fall apart . after literally a year of lurk in headphone forum and come close several time to drop several hundred dollar on this or that , i stumble across someone talk these up . after use these for a month or so , i be absolutely floor by how much better these be than those old v600 's ! to my ear , these be fantastic headphone . some people have comment on the weight of these be too much , but i do not find that to be true . while these be at least 5 time heavier than the sony 's , they do not feel that way on my head . these be very comfortable headphone . the bass be have serious authority , but these be not fart box . it be clean , powerful bass that be not overwhelming whatsoever with a flat eq setting . i listen to a wide variety of music include rock , metal , rap , and classical , and no matter what i be listen to , i feel like i be hear the music as it be intend . these need to be run from a receiver or a dedicated headphone amp , and the cord be a little short -lrb- a extension cord take care of that -rrb- , but these be home orient headphone , so that stuff do not really matter . these have to be the best value in this price range . with a lifetime warranty , how can you go wrong ?
571	Headphone	POS	5	i be very pleased with these phone when plug into my ipod classic . compare to my to previously own hd595 the soundstage be larger and the music be more detailed . i then add a fiio e11 amp connect by a fiio l9 line out . the improvement be huge . the bass come alive . the low bass be deep and control ; you could actually feel it . the upper bass be mellow . the midrange be sweet and the high be pure . the soundstage expand and the imaging seem exact . on recording with a large dynamic range the sound go from i could hardly hear it to i can hardly stand it . i believe that to really get the best out of the hd 598 you need to add a adequate amp .
871	Headphone	POS	5	i travel once to twice every month and i want to buy a pair of good noise-cancelling headphone so that i can listen to my ipod or get some rest . first , i try a sony nc50 at a sony style store . the nc50 put out so much accoustic pressure to my ear and it really hurt . then , i try sennheiser pxc-250 , pxc-300 , and bose quietcomfort 2 extensively . first time , i bring both pxc-250 and pxc-300 to a trip from san diego to newark . there be no significant performance difference in term of noise canceling . the pxc-300 have a better case . then , on my next trip , i borrow a bose quietcomfort 2 from a colleague of mine and compare it with pxc-300 . after extensively testing -lrb- with and without music , with and without background people talk , and etc. -rrb- , i find it be about 20-30 % less of noise with bose . also , my ear feel warm and uncomfortable after 30 min with pxc-300 because of the over-the-ear style . i understand everyone else 's comment on bose be over-priced , but if you be look for the best noise-cancelling performance on a airplane , unfortunately there be no other way around it . bose be certainly the best .
383	Headphone	POS	5	very fast shipment . excellent sound quality , great bass . slick cord . fit great . look durable , let 's hope it be . really great sound for the price .
502	Headphone	POS	5	great phone for the price . i be hesitant to spend the money but i be sure glad i do . one word of caution , if you do not want to hear everything on you recording do not buy these , get the cheap one . these phone let you hear everything . some reviewer have ding the cord for be small but i find nothing wrong with it . these phone be for adult not kid . would definitely buy again .
489	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these after read several review on amazon . some be not so flattering but i find these headphone amazing ! some of the performance come from the fact that the phone have little rubber tip that seal the headphone in you ear canal . it sound uncomfortable but the rubber be very thin and it really be not . the phone come with a few spare tip of different size . i be listen to tocata and fugue in d minor at the moment and it be incredibly realistic . i would say that the base be strong but i think the response across the frequency spectrum be very good . i would be very happy even if i have pay twice as much .
629	Headphone	POS	5	ok , you can get all of the technical jargon from other review , but i want to weigh in on these great headphone - they be hand down my favorite headphone i have ever own -lrb- a i have spend much more on other over the year -rrb- . the sound be superb , and they be by far the most comfortable headphone i have ever try . i would recommend these over any of the $ 50 + headphone i have try . my only concern be the plug do not look very sturdy , but after 3 month of pretty heavy use , so far no problem ! i give these my highest rating !
806	Headphone	POS	4	i be enthusiastically ambivalent . these headphone sound great . not just good , but great . although -lrb- ... -rrb- rate these badboy a notch or a half below koss 's flagship portapro , i be have a hard time hear the difference . as of this moment -lrb- hey , i have only have they for a few hour -rrb- , they actually sound both slightly better and slightly worse . the good : 1 . although koss can have a rep for be bassy -lrb- albeit in a very controlled fashion -rrb- , i find the sportapro to have a flatter response from low to hi than the portapro , which clearly emphasize the bass . the bad : 1 . the portapro have a clear edge in the mid and high . no contest . the portapro create a larger , more realistic soundstage . they be also undeniably louder than the sportapro . you 'll have to crank up the sport a bit to get optimal sound quality and volume . the ugly : 1 . these be hand down the ugliest , -lrb- ... -rrb- ugly , fugly ` phone you will ever see or wear . i take a look at the phone on my head , in the cooler more hip strap behind the head position , and my heart sink . you will look like lando calrissian 's assistant from the empire strike back -lrb- that be not a good thing , btw -rrb- , whether you want to or not . conclusion : 1 . outstanding sound for very little money . these be not true audiophile headphone , and neither be the portapro . the port exaggerate bass albeit in controlled fashion , and the sport while have a flatter bass response , produce mid and high which be not nearly as impressive . i 'll keep look for the perfect price\/performance\/esthetics equation . grados and senns be up next ...
734	Headphone	POS	5	these be not really noise canceling , but noise cover headphone . the `` noise cancellation '' feature really just generate some white noise and boost the volume a little . they trick you ear into block out certain frequency . i doubt they work as well as bose 's $ 300 headphone , but for as cheap as they be , they be a steal . i work in a office where people be addict to speakerphone and turn they conversation up so that i can hear every word clearly . i be a computer programmer and it be a bit difficult to work with 4 different conversation blare in my ear . i use to have regular headphone and would turn they up to drown out the noise -lrb- bad for eardrum -rrb- . with these , i can turn music on a low volume and can not hear a thing ! the sound quality be not so good and they smell like new plastic for the first month , but they be cheap and cancel noise well . also , they be collapsable and come with a battery and a nice little carry case so they will not get scratch when you be travel .
891	Headphone	POS	4	the sennheiser pmx sport be absolutley great for all use , indoors and out . very comfortable to wear and great sound . do not hinder in any way a activity .
593	Headphone	POS	5	i just order these from amazon and receive they yesterday , they work great . battery take about the estimate time to charge , 16 hour . i hook they up to my tv and be able to listen from in front and off to each side a bit , even with the transmitter slightly obstruct by a speaker stand
650	Headphone	POS	5	if you be look for a reasonable set of ear bud to go with you new mp3 investment , the v-moda bass freq 's be a good choice . i own sennheiser headphone of various model and have always like the way they sound and still do . my favorite be the cx-300 , which be what i want to compare the vmoda 's to , as they be closest in price and performance . let i say first and foremost that the cx-300 's sound brighter , the treble sound crisper , and overall sound a tad more precise than the v-moda do . however , in the bass and midrange the vmoda , be incredible ! nice warm high and mind numbing bass . if you listen to metal , rock , hip hop , or pop , the bass freq 's be fun as hell to listen to . if you like classical , piano , and the other mention genre , the senn may suit you need a little better . neither of these be audiophile earbud , and could not be at there price range , so if you be a stickler for perfection , look elsewhere . for the other 97 % of we that want good sound quality , and want something that give those goosebump , when we hear that certain beat . either of these make a great choice . neither lack in the bass department , but the vmoda never distort at the lowest frequency . the senn 's do on occassion . you can actually make the vmoda sound crisper with a slight adjustment of the e.q. in you player and both of these phone sound similar . it be all just a matter of preference , but you can not go wrong with either set . as far as reliablity go , i can see the senn outlast the vmoda as the senn look a little sturdier than the v 's do . only time will tell and i will update if something happen . i like the fact the v 's come with a silicone wrap to neaten thing up , but a case would have be even better . they both fit nicely in my ear and come with different size silicone , for different size ear . to sum it all up ... if you be look for a decent earbud look no further than either of these 2 set . if you be a bass junkie , go for the vmoda . if you want overall good sound go for either one . at $ 25 , they be both a steal and you will not be disappoint at all . trust i , i have try everything and i just think pay hundred for headphone 's be insane . unless of course you be a audio purist , than by all means . do what you gotta do .
278	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these for a long plane ride to st. thomas . i use they with my ipod and i be very happy with my purchase . the volume level be great . i never need to raise the volume past 2\/3rd 's on my ipod . i try several headphone include my friend 's qc2 's and even though he sound quality may be slightly better , i could not get the volume on the bose to go high enough to enjoy watch a movie on my ipod . however , the sound quality on these sennheiser 's be far better than anything else i have try in the past . also , even after use they for 3 hour , my ear do not hurt and they never get hot or sweaty . as far as the noise cancel part , bose win hand down . but it be still ok . it do a fair job of reduce jet engine noise , but do not cancel out voice around you . the main reason that i even buy these be because consumer reports rate they as a best buy overall . i can definetely see why .
351	Headphone	POS	5	we buy this so we girl could listen to music and here the audio on dvd 's at the same time during a long car trip . it allow they to hear without my wife and i `` listen in . ''
728	Headphone	POS	4	great product , easy to set up and get go . have not take the headphone for a full `` spin '' yet , but use they so far to watch tv without keep the family awake have be just great . the sound be amazing . i would recommend these to other 100 % . aa
100	Headphone	POS	5	as a headphone nut , i find these great for a reasonable price . a little bit of static occasionally as with all cordless headphone . these be comfortable and not too hot for longer use .
590	Headphone	POS	4	in may , i be look around for a better earbud than the standard apple crap and find these . i love they at first , as they block sound , have great quality , and fit snugly into my ear . use of the remote be also great , and a huge upgrade over continually take out my ipod to change the song . recently , these earbud have drop in sound quality , with one barely produce any sound . i have be take good care of they , without any misuse . i recommend these if someone can afford to keep buy they over and over .
745	Headphone	POS	4	i wish this thing have some kind of battery indicator to tell i a estimate of how much battery i have leave , instead of just stop cold in the middle of a song and leave i wonder for a few seconds what happen . i like long , and i mean long listen session , and the battery always run out .
739	Headphone	POS	4	the sound be very good but the thing cut out too easily with head movement and certainly do not try to get up and get a coke . it be static unless you be directly in front of it and hold still .
155	Headphone	POS	5	i be so glad i purchase a set of headphone from sennheiser . other noise be block out while the information -lrb- music or reading -rrb- come through clearly ! i would recommend they for anyone who want clear , distinct sound .
423	Headphone	POS	5	i have own the bose quietcomfort 15 and currently own the monster beat studio , and these sound very similar to the beats only if you fiddle around with the eq . since i own a sony walkman , it have a customize eq which be very great . i adjust to sound almost as the beats , but the only thing that the beats overcome with these kicker headphone be its stronger bass . not say the kicker have no bass , it have alot for $ 45 compare to $ 300 . overall , i recommend these , light on you head , comfortable , and sound be clear .
817	Headphone	POS	5	the blue band be a nice silicone material . these be super lightweight , too ! if you have a tendency to nap with headphone , turn you head such that you ear rest on a pillow be not painful like most `` can '' , but almost unnoticeable . the 15 -25 khz response , and inline volume slider re great attribute .
473	Headphone	POS	5	i still have not decide if these be supra-aural -lrb- on the ear -rrb- or circumaural -lrb- around the ear -rrb- headphone . rather than flip a coin , let call they hybrid headphone . unlike most `` big '' headphone , these do not give you sweaty ear or over-isolate you from you environment . i rate that a advantage -- you be more likely to be able to hear a phone ring or the doorbell , but they do mute ambient noise sufficiently to allow focus on music . fit : if you have big ear you may find they a bit snug , as they low-profile design suggest . i have a big head -lrb- 7 5\/8 hat size -rrb- but the earpiece easily drop down far enough . these ` phone be a good choice for extended wear -- they have enough grip so they do not slip and slide ear pad , but they do not feel like a clamp you 'll want to throw off halfway through a 2-hour dvd . sound : the sound , like the fit , be non-fatiguing . the treble be extend without be sibilant , while the bass be shaded toward tight-and-crisp rather than lush . look : these be great-looking headphone and they do not stick way off you head like many around-the-ear phone . build quality : these be make of lightweight but strong plastic . the ear pad be higher quality than typically find in this price range . the cord be a bit longer than average , and thicker than on most lightweight headphone , but it be not heavy . bottom line : if you be trade up from the cheapo headphone that come with a portable -lrb- usually a good idea , even with a ipod -rrb- , you will be surprise at how much the bass be improve . the non-fatiguing sound and fit of the hd-497 ` phone , combine with tight bass , win that fifth star . recommend .
102	Headphone	POS	5	i buy this to repair the ir headset transmitter on a alpine pkgrse2 overhead dvd player . this work as well , and be much more cost efficient than send the unit back for repair , which would be second repair of the ir . headphone be also more comfortable , and the factory headphone that come with the alpine still work , as the same frequency be use .
271	Headphone	POS	5	i originally post the review that be below this paragraph . my only complaint have be that one of the hook have fall out easily . the company that sell these saw my review and immediately send i a new pair . i be very impressed with the customer service i receive and be enjoy my intact pair of earbud . -------------------------------------------------- i run a lot , and these earbud do a good job of stay in my ear while provide good quality sound . because the hook that go around you ear come off so easily , i end up lose one during a outdoor run . there be a extra set of ear hook , but because the base fall out along with the hook , i can not put one of the extra hook in . however , the one earbud without a hook be stay in my ear well , so i do not think it need a ear hook . this be because the earbud come in three different size , so the one i use fit my ear canal well .
248	Headphone	POS	4	i have try a few wireless -lrb- rf -rrb- headphone for view and listen to tv while my wife be sleep . i have try some budget product as well as high-end one . the sennheiser rs120 be the only one i have decide to keep . the charge cradle be convenient , the audio quality be quite good , and the setup be quite easy . and , the price be not that much more than some of the budget item on the market . on other model , the tuning feature could be painful and inconsistent . each night , i would have to re-tune the headset with the base which be quite annoying . the rs120 be fairly easy and i do not lose the setting from night-to-night . only thing prevent i from give it full 5 star be the noise leak from the headphone . my wife be quite sensitive so i have to keep the volume low so as not to disturb she . better sound insulation would make this a 5-star product .
264	Headphone	POS	4	well worth the price . i purchase these for my husband for on-line gaming . he love they and say they sound great . only downfall be the hard plastic piece that go directly on you head . if you be bald -lrb- like my hubby -rrb- you might need to pad it up .
619	Headphone	POS	5	my wife object to the stereo system so with this extension cord i can listen in my headphone and keep peace in the family .
615	Headphone	POS	5	i be a keyboard player who have play in many record studio over the year and these headphone be the one i usually see . they be reasonably price and re-produce accurate sound rendering that represent the sound you actually hear with no add fluff . i would highly recommend these headphone to anyone who appreciate a good , solid piece of equipment that will last a long time .
280	Headphone	POS	5	i have have these for about a year , use they 6 + hour a day while i work and they just now break . the cord on the plug end finally come loose , but it be after many good yank from drop my ipod . if you look for a durable pair of headphone , these be the one . i have go through other headphone in a matter of month before the cord start to crackle and give out . these headphone have a bungie cord wrap around the actual cord so it do not get tug as easy . order my second pair to last another year !
715	Headphone	POS	5	i be sit here listen to my music as i type this review , with the noise-canceling feature turn on so that i can not hear my scream kid upstairs fight bedtime . : -rrb- that be not , however , why i buy they . we go on vacation 2-3 time a year and i be tire of crappy headphone that do not block out any of the outside plane noise , be not comfortable , didnt ' stay in my ear , etc. . while we have not travel since get these headphone , i think these be what i be look for . the sound be very good and they be pretty comfortable . i do not think i would be able to handle have they on for hour on end , but they be good for plane ride . we 'll be take they with we to italy in two month , so that will definitely make up my mind completely on these .
908	Headphone	POS	5	buy these bose headphone because i want a better pair to listen to music on my ipad , iphone etc. ... these be very true ! they really bring out the high and low and let you feel the music . headphone really be cool for let you hear all the great stereo effect use in the recording of the song . check 'em out ! you , too , will dig 'em .
398	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be simply great . the sound be amazing , while they do not have as much bass as the beats by dre , they be still great . sound be clear and the comfort be great . from the very first moment i try they on , i say : wow this feel great . also , even though they be not noise cancel headphone , they do keep out the noise very well . i use they at work , and now people have to im i or come touch my shoulder to talk to i hahaha . 100 % recommend if what you like be great music quality . if you rather feel you ear tremble with high bass than listen to a clear music , then you should probably go for a beats , otherwise , these be great . ps : the fact that they have less bass than the beat , do not mean the bass on these be bad , not at all , be just not as strong as it be on the beat by dre .
476	Headphone	POS	5	i acquire a pair of these that be discard at work , so i think i would try they to see if they work . not good -- tinny and wimpy sound . i almost throw they away , but think that i have some large ear tip -lrb- these come with what i assume be the medium tip , at least they be not right for my ear canal -- and yes i wash they throughly -rrb- and why not try they to see if that be the problem ? well , the large rubber tip i have for another set of phone fit , and totally solve the problem . these be great little phone if you can get a good fit . they be better than my $ 200 shure , and rival the denons i mostly use when i be not downstairs with my sennheiser . i also appreciate the beefy wire and substantial connection , which they share with my shure professional in-ear . for $ 12 ? these be a absolute steal .
400	Headphone	POS	5	i have those for almost 2 year now and i just love they . they will not insulate the surround noise like the in-ear type phone , but they sound perfectly - very balanced -lrb- enough bass , clear high and enough middle -rrb- and be really durable . i be find myself prefer they among the 5-6 set of different headphone i own for anything on my laptop and on my portable when i be listen to music evening at home . highly recommend for any purpose at relatively silent surroundings .
847	Headphone	POS	5	i have be have problem hear the dialogue on tv show and movie for some time . with these headphone i be not distract by the background noise or music . i can hear the voice clearly and do not have to ask my wife , '' what do they say ? '' it be a marriage saver ! ! !
199	Headphone	POS	5	this headset be a very well think out design . it use 1 cord not 2 like a lot of headphone out there . the cord be short maybe 18 inch long . this be nice because you do not have to worry about a cable flop around when you run . it fit very well and be very comfortable . i do not feel it when i run .
366	Headphone	POS	5	seriously i have own many head phones\/earbuds from bose to skull candy and these be the best head phone i have use in a long long time !!! i tell my friend hey check these head phone out i get they for 50 $ ... he try they out and tell i they sound similar to he bose 105 $ earbuds . . then i say you know what the best part about they be ? there not 50 $ there 5 $ ... he think i be mess with he . . lol seriously the bass and noise caceling of these head phone be sooo surprising !! i couldnt believe the quality of they for the price !! i tell all my friend about these guy i be still in shock with the performance ...
119	Headphone	POS	5	-lrb- repost my review from the  silver version  i purchase this for use at my computer because i could connect power speaker to it as well as my headphone . the headphone be  sennheiser hd650 's  my music library be in flac format , a combination of cd rip , high-re release from audiophile label , and dvd-a rip . i be use the usb dac of the hdp . the dac be quite good . i do not claim to be a golden-ear who can hear minute difference between mega-priced audio component and cable , but i do care about sound quality . i be of the belief a dac should be transparent , not add its own coloration to the sound -lrb- you choose you amp and speakers\/headphones for that if desire -rrb- . the hdp deliver in this regard , with excellent dynamics , deep clean bass , and reveal high . the headphone amp be sufficient to drive my 650 's louder than i would want to . i usually have volume between 1\/2 to 3\/4 -lrb- depend on source material -rrb- when use headphone . that be a bit higher than i would have expect , but mean i still have some headroom so i think it be sufficient . the sound be never fatigue with this combo , even at high volume level . in addition to its reputed audio quality , i choose the hdp because of several key feature : - both headphone and pre-amp out , with auto switching -lrb- speaker disabled when headphone be plug in -rrb- . - high quality analog volume control for both headphone - and preamp-out . this give i easy access to a volume control on my desktop -lrb- leave the computer 's software volume at 100 % where it should be for maximum audio quality -rrb- , and allow i to leave the volume control on my power speaker at a high enough level to avoid channel imbalance issue at lower listening level . - usb dac that can handle 24-bit\/96khz sound . all the other device i research only support up to 24-bit\/48khz over usb . - the usb dac can auto-switch between output format when use wasapi exclusive mode , without the need to go into the windows sound setting to change the default output format . so i can seamlessly switch between a cd rip and a high-res flac with no extra configuration step . my one minor complaint , and the reason i give 4.5 star instead of 5 , be that the usb dac do not support 24-bit , 88.2 khz sampling level . for the few recording i have in this format , i have to use a re-sampling plugin . i do not see any reason for this format not to be directly support except simple oversight , give that 24\/48 , 24\/96 , and 16\/88 .2 be all support . if all you need be a dac , the  musical fidelity v-dac  but if you also need a headphone amp , multiple output , or 24\/96 over usb the icon hdp be worth the price premium imho .
870	Headphone	POS	4	the ar wireless headphones have good reception thoughout my house . it do start to get some static in my back yard and in my garage but other than that it work good . the headphone do fit comfortably on my head , they also block out most of the background noise .
395	Headphone	POS	5	ideal headphone for everyday use . good base , good high , comfortable around-the-ear cup i can wear for hour , work well with my lousy laptop sound card -- wonderful sound with my iphone and sound system , wind-and-lock cord fob let i adjust to exactly the length i want . at $ 23 you will not find better sound , and i try several $ 50 + model before discover this one .
993	Headphone	POS	5	its neat ! a set of very comfortable headphone , which completely surround and caress you ear ! incredibly lightweight consider the size ! i wouldnt really like to compare these with bose or the likes , since sennheiser be know to make some really quality stuff . i try a variety of music use these , range from soft classical to pop to some really embellished music ... and with each genre i realize that with this pair of sennheiser , i hear the subtler tune and finer point which i didnt know exist . thankfully , the unit come with a cord winder as a beltclip attachment , which will save you the trouble of tag along the extra wire or stuff part of the 6 ft cord into you pocket . i wasnt too happy about the fact that i could hear myself nice and loud when singing along even softly with the music -lrb- would have be pleasant if i have a good voice ! -rrb- but on the brighter side , its as good as karaoke , aint it ?? weigh the cost to delivery ratio ... i would definitely recommend it !
77	Headphone	POS	5	it go without say these headphone be a tremendous upgrade from the earbud that come with my ipod , but i be extremely surprise at just how good they be , especially because they be price so reasonably . right out of the box i be surprise by they quality ; i could hear , for example , previously-unheard breath and bowscrape in a few quintent piece i enjoy . moreover , i could really notice that music of all type `` spread '' from ear to ear whenever i use these headphone ... with other phone i have try , include some studio model , even well-produced music tend to stay more-or-less in the middle . i enjoy these phone so much i be tempt to try higher-quality phone from sennheiser : if they sub - $ 30 phone be this good , they higher-end phone must be unbelievable . further , they be extremely comfortable and come with a generous cord . i can wear they perfectly well underneath my motorcycle half-helmet , and i can hear they perfectly fine over the roar of my motorcycle .
994	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these for my husband to replace another pair of koss . he really like these and they collapse for easy transportation . he do alot with he station at home but like to have they with he in the car as well . he be a amatuer radio guy !
936	Headphone	POS	5	it be a shame sony discontinue this model , i can not speak for the newer model , and frankly , when my last pair finally crap out , i buy another pair of these from a seller who still have they new . they sound incredible for such a cheap pair of headphone . everybody should own a pair .
470	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these for my husband for christmas . he absolutely love they . the sound quality be great . as a prime member , i receive they via free two day shipping , which be wonderful . i recommend these headphone for anyone who love music , have a iphone , ipod , or etc. .
504	Headphone	POS	5	i have a pair of these after my sennheiser 's from college die finally -lrb- and i graduate in 1988 -rrb- . now i need another pair because my new dog eat my first pair !! the best thing about these , besides the fact that they be comfortable and the sound be great be the 6 meter cord with its own volume control that you can clip to you -lrb- that about 18 foot , so i can be across the room from a tv instead of 4 foot away like most headphone -rrb- . yes , thank you , i have try wireless . much more expensive and i be cheap and do not mind the cord . these rock . buy a pair , now . no , really , i mean it . make it 2 if you have a dog that like to eat cord ...
636	Headphone	POS	4	this remote work as advertise , and will control volume and ipod function . i buy it to control my music as i ride on my motorcycle . the iphone be on a handlebar mount , and this be plug into the headphone jack . it be not all that easy to operate with glove on as the button be tiny and close together , but it can be do . it seem a little flimsy for the way i use it , but for most home application , it should work great .
182	Headphone	POS	5	everything perfect . i be very happy with my purchase . i be not sound professional , but these headphone sound good . bye ...
369	Headphone	POS	5	this be probably the best 5 buck you 'll ever spend . certainly on headphone . i have be use a $ 10 koss over-the-ear headphone from walmart . this one beat it hand down . i hear sound that i have not heard\/noticed before on the koss , my car stereo , my altec lansing vs2621 pc speaker , or my harman kardon hk395 pc speaker . i listen to all kind of music : pop , folk , piano , country , hip pop , soul ... this headphone produce wonderful sound for all of they . highly recommend as a budget headphone .
48	Headphone	POS	5	these be order for a 17 year old who be work on mix music . he research every item on the market and come to the conclusion this be the best pair for he need . he think these be the greatest and work wonderful in what he be do .
971	Headphone	POS	4	these admittedly dinky-looking headphone give surprisingly good sound . bass be full and the rest of the frequency spectrum be nothing to sneeze at . since statistically speak you be like most people , you 'll be plug these into either a mp3 player full of badly-ripped , low-bitrate compress audio track or else a crummy portable cd player with a extremely noisy potentiometer for a volume control . buy better than these perfectly respectable headphone would be a waste of money .  the sportapros fold up too , which make they great for a coat pocket . also , the headband can fold in such a way that the headphone look like `` street-style '' headphone that be oh-so-popular these day . this make they clamp on you head a bit more , but it can not possibly be any less comfortable than any other headphone in such a configuration . i think it look stupid that way , but hey , if that be you cup of tea so be it .  as for noise isolation , these do not offer much . if you really do not want to hear the subway along with you gangsta rap , you should be look at a pair of noise-cancelling phone or better yet in-ear headphone such as those make by etymotic . -lrb- the latter be a few time the price of the sportapros on the bottom end , mind you . -rrb-  it even come with a fake leather bag that i keep laundry money in . -lrb- keep a set of headphone this inexpensive in such a bag be just scream `` i have ocd ! '' -rrb- bottom line , this be the best pair of portable headphone you can buy for the price . they do not sound worse than the low-end sennheiser in this price range , for example , and they be quite a bit smaller .
325	Headphone	POS	5	great sound , comfortable though they pinch my ear a bit after more than a hour .
592	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these to replace the original ipod ear phone that have start die on i . i want something for a reasonable price that would help block out some noise as i take the bus and subway every day . these do the trick !!! i have be able to turn the volume of my ipod down by half and it sound louder and better then with the old ipod ear phone . also the noise canceling do work , i hardly hear the subway anymore .
291	Headphone	POS	4	i be almost 71 year old and i be hear impaired from 40 year work in a power plant . i have use a pair of wireless headphone for the past several year that finally give up the ghost . i have spend the past year look for a replacement . none satisfy i because i want to be able to control the volume in each ear . even with in canal hearing aid , my left ear be worse than my right . i be not able to find anything until i run across the rs-140 . it have a balance control which allow i to `` balance '' the gain to each ear . i have read many of the report on this site which include some very negative comment . however , my experience have be nothing but good . no hiss , coverage throughout the house , no dropout spot . excellent sound , easy to understand what i hear from the tv . i subtract one star because they do have one fault . the volume control be on the backside of the earphone and when i attempt to lay my head on a pillow , it move the volume control . i have to be careful of this . i can also see where those who use outside the ear hearing aid will have a problem with the headphone push the ear against the hearing aid . other than that ... a very fine piece of gear ! i recommend they .
299	Headphone	POS	5	these be awesome ! you can listen to you tv , stereo , etc. from almost anywhere ! even if you outside or on a different floor . this thing transmit through door , wall , floor , other people , anything ! -lrb- i think it be range be about 100 foot -rrb- plus , you control the volume . so , you can crank up the volume and be in you bedroom list to the cd in the living room ! you can move around , too , and there be no interruption .
961	Headphone	POS	4	nice headphone , comfortable and good sound ... the cable doesnt get tangled and i love that ; another good thing be that it be flexible and will not get break easily , that be one of the reason i pick this up , because i use to damage everything , but this have work perfectly ... it be just that if you be look for sound isolate headphone these wont help you , they be not intend for that ...
673	Headphone	POS	5	i want to let everyone know that this be a great item . perfect for work out or run because now you do not have to deal with the wire . i have never see a wireless set of headphone ! highly recomend !!!!
784	Headphone	POS	5	i be in love with this headphone , comfortable , make for travel and the sound be something i do not expect for this set . it take a while -lrb- 1min -rrb- to put it on and off from its case . -lrb- nothing important -rrb-
434	Headphone	POS	5	i be look for a well-made nice sound headphone and run across this set on amazon after a brief search . briefly look through some review and decide to order the v-moda 's . the headphone arrive promptly and come in a nice case . it be larger than some may want to carry around or when travel , but i be specifically look for a over-the-ear headphone so i know the case would be larger . the headphone fit snugly over the ear and really block out outside sound when you be listen to music or watch something on the ipad , etc. . would not recommend they at all for generally walk around as you would not hear what be go around you at all . i be initially worried aboput how these would feel after wear they for a couple of hour but moda 's be really comfortable . i use they for quite a bit and i be surprise at the lack of any type of long-term listen fatigue . the sound quality be outstanding and the bass be solid and tight . forgot how nice this style of headphone sound after use earbud for so long . now my daughter want she own set !! i would highly recommend these headphone and you will not be disappoint .
548	Headphone	POS	5	the sony nc60 headphone be amazing . they offer great comfort with great sound . i be simply blow away by the sound quality -lrb- great bass -rrb- and the noise cancelation do its job . there be a slight static noise when you turn the noise cancel on and it seem to get worse when the battery get low , but when there be music on you do not notice and overall it be not that bad . my roommate just get the bose qc3 noice cancelie on-ear headphone which offer superior comfort , but not superior sound or noise canceling . the on ear design just do not match up to the over-ear . the best bang for you buck be definitely the sony nc60s .
766	Headphone	POS	4	the in you ear headphone get a little get use to cancel out noise pretty well good bass though some frequency might be miss altogether ?
195	Headphone	POS	5	the sound be great as be the volume . i have work with headphone for year as i use to own a recording studio and i can tell you from experience , when you be not actually listen to anything , you should take they off or put they around you neck as any headphone will start to get uncomfortable after long use . update : i just order two more ...
201	Headphone	POS	5	so far , i luv lem . ca not rate durability yet cause only have lem a couple of week . very comfortable , luv how they fold up for travel . great sound , great price , would def purchase another pair if need b.
692	Headphone	POS	4	just get these in the mail and test they by listen to a wide range of music . death metal , dubstep , punk . one of the reveiwer complain that they be not loud enough . although i think the reveiwer 's standard be too high for these $ 20 headphone , i definately agree with he in regard to the lack of loudness , though this issue be not major enough to give this item anything less than 4 star . i do not know the technical term to describe what i be hearing , but i can here a slight `` drown out '' of high treble when i listen to certain music such as melodic death metal . these be worth the $ 20 imo .
681	Headphone	POS	5	my old ipod headphone break so i go on a search for some decent headphone . i want some good headphone for watch movie on my ipad with minimal outside noise interference but i know i do not want to pay $ 200-300 . during my research i eliminate beat by dre because i try they out watch zombieland and they be so tight it give i a headache . i come upon these and i like the price so i read the review here and go to youtube check out more review and i make the purchase . i be glad i do . first movie i try they with be the dark knight and i can say they give excellent sound cancel all the noise around i i be in the movie i forget i be lay in bed around i be my kid laugh and talk and my wife talk on the phone and i be happy that i can only hear the movie only when the scene in the movie be real quiet can i hear a little outside noise but nothing that distract i from the movie oh and yes they be comfortable on the ear . for the $ 20 i pay for i can not ask for more but i do take some reviewer advice and register the headphone they have a two year warranty if anything go wrong . overall i be very happy with my purchase
660	Headphone	POS	5	i already have a nice pair of headphone with better sound quality than these , but they be the big one that cover up half you head . if you take those to the gym or go out for a run with they , not only do you look ridiculous , but the sweat just pool up and soak they . so i be in the market for some earbud , but i know from experience that earbud keep fall out and be a royal pain . these be the perfect design , and once you fit they to you head , they will not fall out , and they be so light that you barely even notice they . in short , they be perfect . i do read the below review about how these headphone do not last very long before i buy they . there be two possibility : one be that one of the internal mechanism just fall apart , in which case there be nothing to be do . the more likely possibility be that repeat tug of the wire eventually loosen it from the delicate structure of the headphone . so i simply tie the wire around the headphone and tape it in such a way that even if you tug at the wire , there be no pressure and no possibility of tug the wire loose from the earbud . i 'll let you know how long these headphone last - if they do not last long , then there must be a mechanical problem with these and i would suggest not buy they . update : i love these headphone , they really have the perfect design . i have read some earlier review about they not last . my theory be that constant tug of the wire would eventually pull they loose from the internal speaker , so to prevent that i tape the wire down on the first day . despite this , they last 3 month until the sound in the left earbud start go on and off , and then finally die , prove that it be simply a cheap internal mechanism that be the problem , not any sort of wear and tear . there be enough similar case as mine that should justify sony discontinue this product and come out with a model that have some decent durability . if i could change my rating i would give it 1 star .
477	Headphone	POS	5	i usually prefer the older over the head headphone but those be increasingly rare these day . these be my first behind the neck headphone and they be great . they be small and snug but in a good way . the best sound i have hear from sport headphone . the cord be small for have you mp3\/smartphone on you arm and a extension cord come with the product to keep it at you side or in you pocket . the extension cord have a volume knob as well . the headphone be water resistant . you will definitely enjoy these headphone .
719	Headphone	POS	5	first , let i say this . these headphone use a active , power noise cancel system . you must turn it on . if you do not , well ... then yes , they sound a bit weak . turn them on ... it have the feature , use it . i would consider myself a audiophile and these be , far and away , the best set of headphone i have ever own . any pair of headphone have to pass a few test for i : dark side of the moon , into the mystic , cinnamon girl , u2 's joshua tree . these headphone blow any other set i have ever own totally out of the water . great high , thunder low , and the noise cancellation work great . will it eliminate everything ? no , of course not . sit at my desk in my office today , however i can tell you that it pretty much eliminate 90 % of the background noise . catch they on sale , but i would have gladly pay full price for they . i have be set on a pair of bose , but after a final comparison , there be no comparison . if you need some good headphone , these be for you .
11	Headphone	POS	5	it be absolutely right to refer the review . this headphone with 20 year history by sony be brilliant and reliable one . i and my friend be so happy with this , it be the best headphone that we have ever have !!!!!
326	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone have work great . my husband love they because he can hear the show better and i love they because the tv be not roar and hurt my ear anymore . they charge easily and have great range . terrific product .
466	Headphone	POS	5	this be headphone be excellent . the sound be smooth , light and airy thanks to the open back design . the bass be warm and rich . this headphone be a non-noise canceling design meaning that you can hear that go on around you , bad in noise environment . however , in a quiet room these headphone sweet .
913	Headphone	POS	4	this be a good product for the price offer . although many people do not use these type of headphone anymore , i believe this be a good choice for use at home . i tend to have problem with the earbud be too big or constantly fall out , but these headphone be good to go when you hood they on you head !
76	Headphone	POS	5	love these headphone . the sound quality be great and they really be comfortable , just unable to adjust they down to fit my head , i guess i have a smaller head . headphone fit my teens fine . however , that be minor and i have make do . i would buy they again and of course recommend they for any one who want great quality headphone for a reasonable price . great for holosync usage ... they make a difference in what you hear .
942	Headphone	POS	5	i love these headphone . they feel so comfortable and the sound be incredible . i be so happy with these . another satisfied customer !
315	Headphone	POS	5	i have the nike + ipod setup include the armband , and have a inline disconnect about 12 inch from the left earbud be perfect . the weight of a full length cord spool by my ipod be annoying , this one eliminate that . it be perfect , light weight , great sound , plus with the extension i can plug into my other ipod on my belt clip .
230	Headphone	POS	5	love these !! great sound for the price , and so far , they really stay put in your ear when running . . really block the sound out so use caution when running\/walking in high traffic area
996	Headphone	POS	5	this product be initially release on 01\/01\/1984 and koss continue to produce the same pair of headphone more than 25 year later . if this be not a testimony in itself to the quality of the product , i do not know what be . i show off these thing to my friend who work in music -lrb- recording\/producing\/mastering -rrb- and be surround by thousand and thousand of dollar in sound equipment , and even they be thoroughly impressed . simply put , this product be a incredible product in itself , let alone for the price it be sell at .
723	Headphone	POS	4	i be very surprised at how boom the bass be on these . i be always tell that earbud be not the correct way to listen to music cuz they do not deliver enough bass . these definitely do . another great factor be that when these be in you ear , they pretty much block out all external noise . they be pretty amazing . i could not believe it . i can not complain about the sound quality at all . my only issue be the control talk remote which be on the left bud . it weigh down on it make it uncomfortable to walk around . also it be extremely close to you chin which be another annoying factor . i be annoy with this so much which be why i be glad i find out about the `` ibeats htc\/ur beat '' which do not have that control talk thing so close to you face .
214	Headphone	POS	5	i have have these headphone for 2 year now . so you people who broke yours in a month or less do not take good care of this product . i be a dj and use these and the over the ear solo beat headphones both great sound and quality .
379	Headphone	POS	5	i have a pair of these headphone about 3 year ago and really enjoy the sound and comfort but eventually they fall apart . my mistake be not purchase another pair ... instead i purchase the koss portapro . while the portapro be nice , i genuinely prefer the sound and build the koss ksc75 provide . the portapro have a little too much bass make the sound of my music someway muddy and overall not accurate . you will love the koss ksc75 ! check out the lma when you make the wise decision to purchase these can : -lrb- ... -rrb-
639	Headphone	POS	5	great product ! high quality ! totally comfortable and master sound . also its appearence like `` rasta '' increase the value of this item
656	Headphone	POS	4	when i get these first , they be excellent ! philips have not let i down before . the sound be rich with great bass , but i will say that they hurt my ear for about a week . after that i get use to the feel of they . as for durability , they last about a year , now there be only one phone working . of course , if i fiddle with the wire i can get both work , but i can not bring they anywhere anymore . i really do like these though , so its a pity .
127	Headphone	POS	5	i have this type of head phone and use it for a number of year till recently it blow out . . i look everywhere in the past 3 month to replace these . i jog 3 to 5 mile a day and sweat profusely . . ear bud would not stay in due to sweat . . my ear be small so try at least 5 different style and nothing work . . these be great because the tension make sure they stay in . they might not be as cool but as far as function a + + + . .
148	Headphone	POS	5	the pro : these be my preferred headphone of choice . i live in north dakota and we get a lot of different condition here and i wear these headphone daily . i be very active and sometimes have a tendency to fall down while these be on . the most that usually happen be they get scuff up a bit . after a while the reflectiveness of the headphone do wear off but all in all a decent headphone . another issue i tend to have with headphone be that they be not comfortable because i have gauge up ear . these be the first headphone that i do not have any problem with my earring push into the side of my head and hurt after wear for 20 min . now the con : i believe this will be the best sound quality you can get from `` active '' style head phone . not eargasmic sound quality but very good none the less . while the protection for the cord on the headphone end make the cord last at that connection , the cord on the plug side have a tendency to end up break inside the cord itself . this be my 3rd pair and the last 2 have have this problem . all in all : i highly recommend these head phone for anyone look for a set of durable , comfortable , fairly good quality sound headphone .
773	Headphone	POS	5	love these headphone . great clear sound . as a sound technician , sound quality be important to i . i would use these on the board if i have to . love they
33	Headphone	POS	4	this be the consumer version of sony 's professional mdr-7506 phone , widely use in the film and broadcast industry , which be standard issue at the radio station where i work . due to the shallow ear cup , i find they uncomfortable after about two hour . but they be rugged , compact when fold , and the coil cord be top . however , i have never be content with they sound . the high end be exaggerate . this can be useful for location recording , as it accentuate hiss and other unwanted noise . however , i can not recommend mix with these because it be hard not to overcompensate for they inherent brightness , and the strong high frequency quickly induce listen fatigue . these phone have be in production for two decade , but i prefer they little brother , the discontinue 7504 model , which have a more balanced sound . that say , i have not yet find a good , affordable alternative to the mdr-7506 -lrb- a.k.a mdr-v6 -rrb- . as other have note , the only difference between the v6 and 7506 be a gold-plated plug adapter , the length of the warranty , and whether the sticker on the ear cup be marked `` professional '' or not .
37	Headphone	POS	4	for the price this be a fantastic earbud . very stylish , and good isolation as long as you be not on the train too much . the noise from the train could leak in , but you will still be able to hear you music well without pump the volume .
698	Headphone	POS	5	the noise cancellation feature be quite impressive . i be make myself deaf from use in-ear headphone with my iphone to drown out the noise in a moderately loud office . with the nc300b i can lower the overall volume to safe level , and i can listen to something other than punk or hard rock and it still block the chatter . good quality headphone at a good price . i pay roughly $ 100 .
46	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these for watch movie with my hubby on the airplane and they be great , simple to use , cheap and best of all , we could both hear and see the movie at the same time-i have also use these in stadium while tuning in to the local sport channel ... very good little gadget
387	Headphone	POS	5	i have these in pink ! i love they ! the sound do not compare to other headphone . i love to go for walk and listen to my ipod and tune out the day . i feel like i be at a concert with all of my favorite song . when i be listen to music i do not want to be distract by outside noise or bad quality of sound , it just make it not worth it . the remote volume be a nice bonus , i do not have to unlock my ipod . love they ! buy these headphone they be worth the money !
944	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone be provide as the rental headphone for the library at my college , and i enjoy they so much i end up buy a pair . they be comfortable , and they adjust well enough to fit on my small head , and my brother 's enormous head -lrb- he be adopt , so he have bigger gene -rrb- . i be no audiophile , but i enjoy the extra full , rich sound that just do not come from my ear-bud . there be a lot fuller bass , and you can pick out the individual piece of what you be listen to more so on than on my -lrb- admittedly cheap -rrb- ear-bud . the cord be nice and long , which be a two side coin . on the one side , it get really annoying if you be walk and listen to music . however , when i be want to take care of my laundry while listen to pandora on my laptop , i be grateful for the long cord . the cord be rubberize for anti-tangle -lrb- another two-sided coin -rrb- so while it do not get into knot , it be very springy and slightly difficult to stuff out of the way . but , i have never have it tangle on i , so there you go . one star be miss because they be not foldable in any way , so i be a bit worried that i will break they if i travel with they . but , for the price , they be fantastic headphone , and i would definitely recommend to a friend .
367	Headphone	POS	5	already purchase this headphone an be one of my best purchase . the sound quality in normal music or movie be excellent and on hd movie or music be outstanding for $ 20.00 be a excellent product . very comfortable and luxury design . i really recommend this product .
392	Headphone	POS	5	simple , inexpensive , great sound quality , strongly recommend . i use it with a usb to analog converter on my ps3 , way better than bluetooth .
224	Headphone	POS	4	i be very please with the quality and well balanced sound . the padding on the head band and ear piece be soft , supple , and comfortable . my only negative be the huge size of the earpiece and the large pyle letter in the outside of each . i choose these after return a set of kensingtons , for the purpose of music during mow my lawn . the over ear headpiece and noise canceling do a excellent job . i can still hear a very low level of exterior sound , but that would be the case with any set . again , on the sound , clean clear high and very nicely balanced mid and just the right amount of bass for i . a great value overall !
601	Headphone	POS	5	i be into quality , and that be what you will get from these technics headphone . i be not a dj , but i know these headphone work great for home listening . the volume can be turn up without any distortion at all . you may even want to record you mp3 at higher bitrate because you will be able to hear the difference between 128 and 256 . the headphone be very well design and comfortable . i find it hard to stop listen to they because i like they so much . the coil cord stay out of the way . these headphone may be a little too bulky to wear walk down the street , but they be well worth they price . they also block out many ouside noise and other people in the room can not hear the music you play at normal level . this product will truly provide a new listen experience .
429	Headphone	POS	4	first off , i do ton of research before buy these headphone . i read review one countless website to be sure these be the headphone for i . conclusively , i find that most people complain about : lack of bass , cheap design , and price . i find these for around 100 on ebay , brand new , so i decide , `` why not ? '' i get these about a month ago and have fall in love with they . i agree , the bass will not blow you away . there be time when you wish it would just hit harder , but i guess i have get use to my $ 40 sony in-ear headphones that deliver more pound bass than these bose headphone . but , the clarity in these headphone be amazing ! i find myself not recognize certain song as they begin play because i be hear subtle sound , noise , instrument , etc. that my other headphone just be not able to produce . to test it out i turn the music up to roughly 75 to 80 % and play various genre of music . i start with 3oh ! 3 which sound great . all the electronic sound , strong bass , and loud vocal sound great . very clear and it leave i satisfied . so i switch it to some kanye west -lrb- 808 's and hearbreak album -rrb- play the second song `` welcome to heartbreak '' . this song have pretty strong , deep bass , and i want to see how well these headphone perform . well , to be honest , it leave i a little disappointed . everything else sound great , but those really low bass note just be not as strong as i have hope . i then listen to various other style of music for a hour and really feel satisfied with my purchase . of course there be headphone out there for less that may have better bass , but i think that the portability of the headphone and the clarity of the music make up for it . i highly recommend these headphone , although i be not sure i would pay 130-140 for they . i get these for around $ 100 so i be satisfy with the purchase . i be in no way a audiophile but i love my music and can tell the difference between wash out sound and high definition clarity . if you really need that thump bass that shake you brain , get some nice in-ear headphone around the same price range . but with comfort and lightness its side , these bose around-ear headphone will compete with any headphone around the same price range in sound quality and clarity . some have complain that they feel cheap and break easily . i have find that they be lightweight which make they appear cheap , but in my month of testing -lrb- definitely not be super careful with they -rrb- , i have not have such problem .
912	Headphone	POS	5	lightweight , easy to use , great sound quality and stay on my head . i love these much better than ear bud , but of course , run with they be not a option .
454	Headphone	POS	5	love these headphone , have use these a long time and always go back to they . use daily !
999	Headphone	POS	4	the good : this thing do what it say it will do and sound pretty awesome . you will not use the full volume without do ear damage , unless you already have ear damage . it successfully take the underpowered razor maxx output and deliver excellent sound , while improve the range -lrb- bass . -rrb- the bad : i do not know how they define `` normal use '' , but 10 hour be a pipe dream . i be lucky to get a hour out of it at perhaps half its volume potential . if they make a bigger one that hold a bigger battery , that would actually last 10 hour ; i would pay 5 time the price in a heartbeat ... and probably 10 . that be say ; this thing be still worth every penny they be ask for it , as the price be very fair for what you actually get .
678	Headphone	POS	5	i test these and other headphone before buy they . i have be use they for several month now and i love they . i use they for music , watch tv , and a little bit of gaming . 1 -rrb- i think they have very comfortable . one thing that separate the cheaper headphone from the nicer one be the comfort of the ear pad . if you have try bose 's ~ $ 200 headphone you know how soft and comfortable the around-ear padding be . the padding on these be not as nice as the ultra-nice headphone , but it be the closest imitation of it on headphone under $ 100 . i have wear they for 3 hour in a row and still feel comfortable . i really like that . 2 -rrb- between the cup padding , the stretch band on top , and they light weight , they sit very snuggly on my head . not tight , but softly snug . 3 -rrb- the sound quality be decent and the range be pretty good . the bass be on the good side for headphone in the general price range , especially consider the price . they will not blow you away , but bass-heavy song will have the bass well represent . the only place i find the bass actually lack be explosion in game or movie ; if you be use to explosion generate deep bass then you 'll probably notice that these will not be nearly as deep . but i will not complain , i do not find much better for the price in my test . i be not a audiophile so i 'll leave the sound detail at that . they do not sound or feel like $ 100 + headphone , but they feel close to it . the standard $ 80 be worth it in comfort and probably about right for sound quality . if you can pick they up for $ 40 or so , they be a good deal . for the record , you can do better for the money if you be interested in pure sound quality . the biggest selling point for i be the snug and comfortable fit . bass be reasonably decent too .
916	Headphone	POS	5	very good , can not complain about anything . the bass response be specially very good . i think that for earphone below $ 80 this be the best one .
731	Headphone	POS	4	sound quality be good , but the way it sit on top of you head will cause you to feel pressure\/headaches after 1 or 2 hour . then again , the whole thing 's pretty cheap , so for the quality it be a `` 3-star '' product , and amend for the price it be `` 4-star . ''
880	Headphone	POS	5	thanks about the special service i hope to bye more like those send to i and i hope to recive the same good service and bonus good look thanks mohana mexico
60	Headphone	POS	4	i purchase these a few week ago and use they almost daily since . over the past holiday weekend , they be wear on a cross continental airplane trip and otherwise , daily during a one-hour one-way vanpool commute as a passenger . i also own a pair of bose qc2 headphone . during the trans-continental trip , the headphone be hook up to a portable laptop computer while i watch download youtube video . -lrb- my laptop have a 5-hour battery life , so i watch video the whole trip . -rrb- on my daily vanpool commute , i attach they to either a ipod or a itouch , primarily listen to language training rip -lrb- at 128 kp encode -rrb- . 1 . the noise canceling of the mdr-nc40 be not as good as on the bose , as a qualitative side-by-side comparison . that be to be expect , consider the respective cost between the two unit . 2 . after about four hour on the plane , the mdr-nc40 headphone start give i a pressure ` headache ' . they be not expandable to the point that they be comfortable wear for that much of a extended time . -lrb- i be fairly large , 6 ' 3 '' tall , weigh right at 200 lb . and wear a fairly large hat size , 7 1\/2 , i think . -rrb- for ` normal ' size people , this may not be a issue . 3 . do not care much for the battery arrangement on the mdr-nc40 . it be somewhere in the middle of the single cord and contain the on\/off slide switch as well as a momentary cancel button . what be that for anyway ? you can hear people talk anyway . the battery box do have a clip that allow easy attachment to a shirt , so the weight of it do not pull down on you head . 4 . i like how they fold up and store in a smaller pouch than the bose . +1 for the sony on that account . 5 . be wary , however , that the two-pin airplane adapter be easy to lose . not much hold it into it dedicate pouch inside the storage case . mine fall out tonight on the vanpool ride home , but luckily , i notice that it be miss and find it on the floor of the van after everybody else have leave . i give it four star for the price\/performance , but have to detract one for be too tight on my head and cause discomfort . i 'll keep they for the wife to use and i 'll use the qc2 headphone .
422	Headphone	POS	4	product feature : 3-setting eq 10-hour lithium battery miniusb charge removable belt clip 3.5 mm input and output detail : - sound test : work pretty well with earphone \/ headphone , noticeable increase in quality of sound and bass response ! - build : the design and build have improve a lot and have a blue \/ red led indicator and a belt clip - value : at the current price this be worth it , increase sound output - summary : recommend for user : at the gym \/ on flight \/ at a noisy place ... etc also check out the fiio e17 if you look for something higher as this be just a basic headphone\/earphone amplifier !
481	Headphone	POS	4	when it come to personal listening , my trusty  shure se535-v  although the sound quality be generally good , wireless headphone still have a way to go before they could be stamp as `` audiophile '' quality . that say , the audio quality be definitely good enough to easily discern whether or not a select track be encode in a lossless format versus a high-bitrate mp3 , use a iphone as a source . i have to say , that impressed i . similarly , i be surprise to discover just how much bass these produce . be it tight and accurate ? well ... let 's just say `` it be there , and i doubt all but the snobbiest customer would be bother by it '' . touch back on discernible audio quality , the audio source really matter a lot when it come to get the best sound from these . move from the iphone to a yamaha receiver , the difference between directv hd and sd broadcast , a blu-ray disc , a cd , and streaming video from amazon prime -lrb- via the blu-ray player -rrb- be all quite stark . where most source range from `` great '' to `` acceptable '' , the streaming video be touch `` awful '' . definitely consider what you be go to be listen to the most , before buy these . in term of design , i can not say i be really overwhelm here . the build quality seem okay , though i be concern about snap one of the speaker off just remove it from the packaging . the headphone be reasonably comfortable , though tdk choose to have the require two aaa battery in the same speaker , which result in minor -lrb- but noticeable -rrb- heaviness on one side . the transmitter , however , do not seem build all too well . it 'll hold up if you baby it , but i be not sure how it will stand up to live in a road warrior 's suitcase or laptop bag . as with the headphone , it require two aa 's as well . the wireless performance for i be `` acceptable '' if not slightly annoy at time . these headphone perform well in a open space , but add a wall , and i notice that the headphone be cut out at 12 foot or less . all thing be equal , if i have purchase these headphone at this price without the wireless feature , i can not say i would feel rip off . if tdk make they a bit more balanced physically , and clean up the midrange a bit , they would be close to perfect .
605	Headphone	POS	5	bought mine off of platinum buy here on amazon for about $ 121 . have own this for a mere 2 day . box come with everything expect except the side-plate be matte black instead of gunmetal like i order and a bonus pair of red shield , new screw , and a tool to fit em in . it be color scheme do not seem to exactly fit any model that v-moda advertise either , so i be concerned i may have a knockoff -lrb- but if it be , it be a good knockoff -rrb- . i have since replace the black plate with the red one . much more stunning . style : sleek , non-intrusive , but still a piece of eye-candy . the plate be what give it its distinct appeal . when choose , be sure to pick the variation that come with you preferred color of headband and miscellaneous decal since customize side-plate can be order separately . ear piece be not bulky-looking when wear . headband flare out quite minimally , and stay pretty close to head . fit : i have get a fairly big head but it fit pretty comfortably . ear cup do not completely surround my ear , that be to say that it be still partially lay atop my ear . hug head pretty firmly , but not painfully so . at the moment , i can sport these fella for 5 hour until my ear need a break from the pressure . that be say , you may or may not have to break the headband in a bit . if you have get ear that be big or tend to jut out , you may need to find a roomier pair of can . as for weight , they be definitely on the lighter side of the spectrum . consruction : seem pretty tough . have test bend the headband in various and seemingly dangerous way . have maintain its shape and tension . drop it once only 2-3 foot . not a big fall , but hey lot of headphone splode at the slightest impact . not much else to say here until time have take passage . i 'll be sure to come back if anything concern its hardiness have change for better or worse . sound : you skip to this part do not ya ? anywho , to start off , i have pretty sensitive ear and tend to keep my music play fairly low that most people would be struggle to listen . keep that in mind , straight out of the box , the sound be not as balanced as i would hope it be . be a bit bass heavy and it overpower vocal . however , consider the many review and account i hear about crossfade and many a pair of good headphone need a time to burn-in and loosen up , i dose it with full blast frequency sweep and white noise overnight . this morning , the sound quality improve , and even now in the evening it have improve in comparison to this morning . mid be fantastically clear and be warm and organic sound , high be perfectly crisp . consider this , listen to music at higher volume make the bass a bit painful for my sensitive ear . however , at low volume the bass be perfect and do not disappear from the track like it would in many other headphone . now , i have never own any other high end over-ear headphone , but i do own a pair of monster turbine which be fantastic soundwise . compare the sound quality , there be really little to no difference of how good the mid and high be . both be fantastic in that regard . both be also a tad bass heavy . however , the turbine 's bass feel tighter . by that i mean , each bass note be clearly define and it do not sound muddy at all . the crossfade be just a tad muddy -lrb- and i mean just a tad -rrb- and a little harder to distinguish but they hold a bit more punch as they be 50mm diaphragm . so if you want to feel the rumble of thunder or that explosion , crossfade be the one that 'll make ya jump outta you seat and proceed to duck 'n cover . there be no innate buzz unless it be you machine , there be no clipping or distortion as far as i can tell , and the noise isolation be purely passive and i can still hear the environment pretty well with these headphone on -lrb- this may be due to my sensitive hearing -rrb- . the music that i feel best fit these be electric\/techno and all of its subgenre , but i have enjoy all sort of music include heavy metal , orchestral , acoustic\/folk , classical , chiptune , ethnic\/world , and more . to summarize , these headphone be : for the audiophile . for the fashion conscious . build tough . pretty comfy . fairly price . a very good buy ! hope this help ! edit : jan. 6 , 2012 - after play around with equalizer and again run these through a lot of different type of music . i have conclude that these can limelight low and high while the mid frequency be not feature as strongly as the latter two . thus music such as classic rock and orchestral performance be not as full and warm . vocal be also a bit push back behind bassline and\/or percussion . however , they be totally capable of very nice sound mid . just up the mid frequency on you equalizer and vocal will be bring to the forefront and nearly all type of music have a warmer\/fuller effect .
505	Headphone	POS	4	they collapsability be great for portability and store on trip , and the mechanical design appear to be durable over time - ask i again after five year of hither-and-yon . sound quality be fine . not exceptionally comfortable after a extended sit , compare with a studio-quality headset , but that comparison be unfair since they be not intend for that use . only complaint be the lack of a adapter to 1\/4 '' phone plug socket .
637	Headphone	POS	5	just get these today at bestbuy and the sound be amazing . the bass and sound be so clear . and they give you 5 different pair of eartip so u can pick the one that feel the most comfortable to u
564	Headphone	POS	5	i have have a pair of these once before and after year that infamous headphone scenario finally happen where one side stop playing . i decide to try out bud , and then after i go through a few pair of bud , run into these again after look for athletic headphone and be so glad i buy another pair . the sound be excellent , and they cling on to my ear just right . i actually really like that they be not completely noise cancel at lower volume because i run outside by biker and car alot as well as in the gym . i feel like this newer pair too have a more fitted shape which make they comfortable on the ear and not bulky at all . for the sound quality and fit , totally recommend they for work out and sport . if you be go to be on a international flight for over 10 hour , you might need to take they off to sleep , but besides that they be golden .
64	Headphone	POS	4	sound quality very good , noise isolation slighty better than original . they stay in place much better .
633	Headphone	POS	5	i have try many earbud and the mx400 be hands-down the best value for the money . the sound be crisp and well-balanced . they be also highly efficient so that they produce enough volume for noisy environment like airplane . what i especially love about these earbud be the way they reproduce bass . i be a bass player and i love the detail that these earbud show in the bass . with the mx400 i can listen to a song and immediately recognize `` he be play a fender jazz use a heavy pick on flatwound string . '' they be that good . but that might not be for you . there be a lot of people who do not care about such thing and instead prefer exaggerated , underdamped bass . if that be you then skip the mx400 . to each he -lrb- she -rrb- own . as with any bud of this type the frequency response will vary depend on how tightly the driver couple with you ear canal . this depend on how far you press the bud into you ear , and what you ear be shape like . yes , there be better earbud out there , but for less than the cost of a medium pizza these be great .
654	Headphone	POS	5	09\/06\/2009 update ! i have have they for a few month now and my musical taste range from hilary hahn to victor wooten which be a broad spectrum and i still think that they be terrific . original comment : these thing work just great ! the hardest part be wait the sixteen hour for the battery to charge .
181	Headphone	POS	5	i search out these earphone for purchase , after my dog chew on my last pair of sony becuase they give i a good sound quality and a great fit . i have a hard time find in-the-ear earphone that fit i comfortably . with some other pair they would get a cramped feeling after some time . with the different size cushion that be provide with the sony earphone , i could get a great fit . they block out background noise well and have a a nice range of sound . they also come with a nice little travel case which be good for have they with you and not get the cord all tangle on itself . i would recommend these for people that would like a good earphone for a really reasonable price .
459	Headphone	POS	5	this earphone ara amazing they havent mess up since i buy they usually earphone only last i a week but not this one ... its a great purchase and its worth it ...
507	Headphone	POS	4	works perfectly with the iphone 4 . however , the item should be handle with care - otherwise it may malfunction or not work at all . this mean do not pull the cord from the unit its attach to , instead properly remove the by grab it from the base of the thick plastic plug . the unit itself do not appear to be rugged so factor that into you purchase decision .
753	Headphone	POS	4	i have own 2-3 pari of these over the yeaer . one pair i find use at a garage sale for 50cent and the other i get new . they have neve fail i . i do not like ear bud nor the one that go around the pass of you neck . regular hp 's be too cumbersom . the rule !
159	Headphone	POS	4	these be just excellent for the price . bass : not too much bass or not to little bass , bass be deep and rich . seem to be very balanced , never muddy at all very strong @ 100 + hz . lose some bass strength under 40hz . if you a bass head just plug in you headphone amp and use a eq and trust i , the bass will vibrate you ear with these headphone and they still sound fairly clean but can be muddy . stock without any equalization the bass be balanced and fine . high : high sometimes get distorted or sound too harsh -lrb- pretty rare but be noticeable on some song -rrb- . you can hear little crackling sound and it just make i wa not to take they off or change the song , otherwise high be just fine mids : balanced and lot of definition , just like the bass , not to little or too much . comfort\/built quality : after wear they for a while you will get use to they and they will seem lighter and you can wear they for a longer amount of time without they hurt you ear . i can listen to these for about 2 hour straight before i have to take they off because my ear hurt . pad be comfortable and the stuffing be nice and soft . build quality be ok , some part of the headphone feel really cheap like the plastic thingie that allow the headphone to turn . all the other material on the headphone feel pretty high end .
389	Headphone	POS	5	i get these with the pepsi stuff promotion . i be look for something a bit different than the earbud i would be use with my ipod . see , i listen to a lot of podcast , and some of they be so soft i can barely hear they . the earbud just do not cut it . with these , i do not even have to turn the volume up , i can hear everything perfectly . when listen to music , i can hear in clarity i never hear before . the bass be perfect , there be no `` tinny '' sound , it be like listen to my favorite music for the first time . the annie lennox song from the last lord of the ring movie have never sound better , and that include listen to it in the theater . i keep they at my desk at work , and it could not be better . first , the sound of course . second , the cord be like 10 foot long . i be not chained to my computer when listen to audio from there , and i can get up and do thing without move the ipod or computer . that be awesome . plus , they fit comfortably over my ear . the best part ? they drown out the noise of the cluck gossiper in the office . peace and quite , plus my favorite tune and podcast . it be like heaven on my ear .
826	Headphone	POS	4	i be hopeful about this product after try so many other option to keep my iphone cord from tangle . when i see this i be not sure how i would take to have something attach to my cord when use they . i order this anyway cause i would try everything else . it be the best thing i have try so far but its not perfect . the cord do not stay inside the channel . they keep struggle to get out which be annoying but i do not think there be a way to avoid it cause the cord do need to be able to be pull out if you want to use the item as a phone stand . when i want to wrap the cord up it be relatively easy , when the cord stay in the channel . just pull the bud down and then wrap the cord around the middle and tuck in the plug ! now i gotta find a way to keep the iphone earbud to stay in my ear !
853	Headphone	POS	5	wheeeeee . have be enjoy the v80 since two week . love they , love they !!! so happy they finally arrive and be able to try they out . the senn hd 598 be my first decent over ear headphone and i think they be the best until i get the v - moda . i do not know what exactly cause the great sound -lrb- the dual driver maybe ? -rrb- because otherwise it kind of go against logic -lrb- cause the senn have bigger driver -rrb- but the v-moda 's sound clearer to i : s. i also have the akg k 701 for at home and yeah , those be more analytic\/detailed and be also very dreamworthy still , but the bass on the v-moda kick they ass any day . and when i compare all three , the senn somehow lose badly , it sound the loudest\/muddiest and bassiest -lrb- but in the bad way -rrb- of all . before i have the means to compare , it be not that obvious !! i think the 598 be the cat 's ass . anyway , the v moda be the ultimate portable solution , even though they be on ear they do get comfy after a while after adjust to you ears\/head a bit , i be surprised -lrb- have a not fully heal industrial pierce on the right i be fear the clamp -rrb- , but i be very happy with that , i do feel it , but it be not really a pain in the ass . in conclusion : the headphone sound great , even better than i expect after read all the review . no tinny cavern sound as i read somewhere but a big ! clear moderately bassy sound , and the treble be not very pronounced but i like that , since modest treble be less fatiguing\/head-ache induce . as for the look : i must say the fact that they do not look huge and be very very pretty + true blood edition -lrb- oh yes yes -rrb- also be reason to buy . when they arrive somehow the look dissappoint i though , but only a bit , because the picture build up impossible expectation haha and i think it have something to do with the chord be a bit flimsy -lrb- in comparison to big headphone - not to other portable -rrb- and the gray black not fitting the red of the v 80 completely . still , i have get over it . they somehow look very steampunk\/similar to advanced technological artefact from the past . they be very beautiful in they own punk way though and fit small head . anyway : aesthetics : subjective and de gustibus ... i do like they a lot , the earcup be ideal , the headband maybe could still improve as far as look be consider , comfort be ok . as for the customize : i would love to , but very impractical since buying\/sending from usa to eu mostly give grief . customs tend to keep stuff + extra shipping cost . any belgian ppl here order custom shield ? i would love to hear if it go well or not ? oh , also why do not the eternal life warranty include the eu ? : -lrb- . so sad . anyway . if the m-100 will sound even greater , consider another body turn . i also hope that the v-moda will hit the european market in retail shop too ... will they be available in europe ?? so we can look and try it out maybe instead of have to rely on internet buying ? i would do it either way , but my preference go to be able to try it out ! afterthought : no burning in effect imo . second afterthought : venus vidi vici be total win . latin -lrb- 3 .
191	Headphone	POS	5	i just get these headphone and they sound amazing . i be actually quite surprised consider only pay a measly $ 35 for these bad boy . this be the very first day i use they and there be no sign or crack yet . they do fit a bit too snug though , so it be quite possible they will crack with some use . i be definitely reinforce they before that happen ! i highly recommend these headphone . by the way , it take no time to pair the transmitter and headphone . and i be currently run the transmitter while it be plug in . hopefully the transmitter be power directly from the plug as oppose to the battery .
672	Headphone	POS	4	i have a pair of the old l-jack one that last i several year . they break , tragically , with i put they in a bag that get crush . i replace they with a pair of the straight jack style and they do not last 8 month before the right channel all but stop work . but i be go to get another pair because : they isolate sound - really - well : it could be dangerous if you be walk or etc. . the sound be good : most earbud be too treble-y but these be well-balanced they be comfortable : i do not care for cold metal bit in my ear . and the foam be more comfortable than silicone . they be cheap they be not hideous or flashy only downside be that they 'll break pretty easily if crushed and they be cheaply make -lrb- but they be cheap , so that be to be expect -rrb- .
675	Headphone	POS	4	like all sennheiser headphone , the px100 be very comfortable . the pad press snugly against the ear and 2 small cushion rest on top of one 's head -lrb- in contrast to the loose-fitting grado headphone , `` sr '' series -rrb- . the px100 's construction be a work of art , sennheiser obviously want they product to look beautiful . and they look better `` in person '' than they do online . for the price , they sound quite well . although the midrange frequency be a bit recessed , the bass be strong & well define and high frequency be very detail without sound aggressive or harsh . for example , on `` something i learn today , '' by husker du -lrb- zen arcade -rrb- , i can easily hear the last guitar note in the song quietly reverb -lrb- echo -rrb- 5 time as the song end . but when play thru the sony mdr-7506 headphone -lrb- $ 100 -rrb- , i only hear a single guitar note , no reverb . and with a tiny , new battery-operated headphone amplifier i get on ebay for $ 65 , the pace & rhythm of music thru the px100 greatly improve and the midrange fill out a bit . -lrb- although the sensitivity of the px100 be quite high at 114db , the impedance be a low 32 ohm which may strain the power supplies of portable music source , affect sound quality . this be where a headphone amp that boost current can greatly help . but if you own headphone with high impedance , like the 300-ohm sennheiser hd-600 , you may need a headphone amp that boost voltage or the phone may play too quiet - even at full volume . for best result , the input impedance of headphone should be 10 time the output impedance of the music source . for example , if the owner 's manual of you portable music source list the output impedance as 15 ohm , you 'll get best result use headphone with a input impedance of 150 ohm . most people will never buy a head amp . but if you be a nerd like i and want perfection to you sound , you 'll need one if you phone ' impedance be not approximately 10x the output impedance of the music source . -rrb- on the downside , the px100 be very delicate and can easily break if handle roughly . the cover over the 2 cushion that rest on the head seem quite thin and may wear out sooner rather than later . and the cord be very thin , especially where it enter each phone . a firm tug on the wire could dislodge it from the phone . also , the hard plastic carry case have a spool to wrap the cord around when place inside . but over time , this flexing\/tugging of the cord by wrap on & off from spool will fatigue the thin wire , probably cause it to eventually break ; the cord may appear fine but you 'll have one of the phone go dead since the wire inside the plastic covering have break . -lrb- btw , most sennheiser `` hd '' series headphone with the detachable cord will , within 1-2 year , have one or both of the phone cut out . replace the cord will not help as the problem be internal where the 2 plug make a electrical connection into each phone . i have a great-sounding $ 200 pair of hd-565 ovation headphone with this problem that could not be repair . throw they in the trash . what a waste ! avoid sennheiser with the detachable cord . -rrb- so ... 4 star for overall sound : 5 star for high frequency , 3 star for recessed midrange , and 4 star for bass which have a slight emphasis due to the recessed midrange . use the head amp easily bring the sound up to 5 star . however , the construction of the px100 be frail and the very thin cord will break unless you be super careful . but i be happy with the px100 . so far . -lrb- if you buy portable sennheiser headphone be sure to buy from a authorized dealer since many be counterfeit fake , especially the sennheiser cx-300 earbud . google for more info on this . -rrb-
186	Headphone	POS	4	i have recently buy these headphone because of the great bass people have be talk about . yes , the bass be incredible , so i have turn up the music to feel the bass . the only problem be that everyone within 3 foot of i could hear the music i be listen to . maybe it be because i be not use to these clip-on style of headphone because i have the plug in kind earlier . also , the style of these headphone be not the best . my friend have ridicule i of how ridiculous i have look . other then the loud stereo like music and the style of these headphone , these headphone be great for the price . you might want to consider the ear-plug style of this company .
19	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be perfect . they fit in my ear , block out other sound in the room and they stay in place when i turn my head . -lrb- my other ear bud keep fall out . -rrb- and the sound be excellent . i can hear every instrument and every word ; so clearly that i now realize some lyric i be sing incorrectly all these year . would definitely recommend these to friend .
508	Headphone	POS	5	i have to admit , when i first open the box for these headphone i think they look awfully small . however when i open they and put they on , i find that to very good ! the headphone do look small and be , if you compare they to the other type that cover the whole ear . but what these make up for in size , they make up for in other way . these headphone have a nice snug fit -lrb- not tight but snug like a nice glove -rrb- . they be not noise canceling , but what they lack there they make up for in crystal clear sound . and they be extremely light in weight . the come with a nice pouch to store the headphone . so you be not have to buy a pouch or look in the house for something . the cord could be longer so if you like to move around the room with you headphone plug into the stereo or such , you 'll probably need to purchase a longer cord . but that be not a problem . they fold nice and fit into the bag with no problem . there be a nice squishy foam on top of the headphone so that they sit snug and fit good on you head . i use these to listen to music , mp3 old time radio via the computer , and even connect they to the television . in all the time , they give superior sound quality . great headphone .
332	Headphone	POS	5	i try all the new sport line from sennheiser . these be comfortable and have excellent range of sound from the high to the low . one cord = less tangle and `` fooling '' to adjust single earpiece as you walk or run . when not use at work , they fit nicely around you neck . with single bud , they dangle or get cord tangle up . thesework well with my sunglass also . light , no pain in ear at all even after 2-3 hour straight wear . the `` twist to fit '' be clumsy to try and fit . trust they will move out of position when you walk or move you head thus lose all bass . the clip on version be a joke . hard fit , no bass . . barely rest on you canal . i be a big fan of the sony fontopias for the `` in ear sound '' -lrb- that drown out noise ... for when i study -rrb- . these sennheiser behind the neck be my second pair . you can still hear ambient sound . recommend if you be active or like the idea of one cord and one piece set up . . best to not wear a collared shirt with these but rather a tshirt . the back of the brace will keep bump the collar when you move you head up or down or sideways and be annoying . tshirt have best clearance . unless you stare at the ceiling all day .
985	Headphone	POS	4	i recently purchase the porta pro headphone and i be very satisfied . i work as a engineer in a office , so listen to music on my headphone be the only escape i have from the surround b . i wear they for long period of time work 10-14 hour day . the adjustable temple pad and lightweight design make they easy to wear all day without discomfort . i wear glass and this be the first pair of headphone i have be able to wear all day without be irritated by they . they also have a acceptable sound quality with decent bass response for such a small light-weight pair of headphone . two minor complaint : 1 -rrb- the plastic slide adjuster like to take hair with it from time to time when i adjust they on my head . i 'll let you know when it create a bald spot . 2 -rrb- when i get a phone call i use to always slide my headphone down on my kneck . these auto adjust - so when you slide they down on you kneck they auto adjust and be kind of tight and uncomfortable . i have have to get use to just take they off when i get a call or interuption . i recommend these headphone for sound quality and all day comfort .
712	Headphone	POS	4	just get mine this morning , have listen to they for about 1\/2 hour . the first impression i have be `` what the heck ! '' there be some nasty hissing sound , even when i be not play any music . i be happy to say that this have go away . it be dead silent when i pause my music now - do not give up . the cord be long . if you want to be 10 foot away , that be great . however , the belt clip be handy if you want to keep you player in you pocket . i 'll warn that it be a big clip - it be at least a inch thick and wide , and probably 4.5 '' long . this belt clip definitely go on you belt . for now , though , it be hold the excess next to my computer . the ear cup do a great job of silencing ambient noise , and even people talk nearby . they be supra-aural , not circum-aural , which mean they sit on top of you ear . they be soft and light , but they apply a little too much pressure to my ear imho . they be get warm . i be sure i 'll get use to it . the sound quality , as you know , be great -lrb- after the initial hissing -rrb- . it be balanced - what you expect to hear from you music . not tinny or bass-heavy at all . if you want to hear lot of bass , you can set you equalizer that way - they play what you send they . i have not have a long time to estimate the build quality , but they seem about right for the price . i be surprise by all the plastic . aside from the glossy ring around the ear and sennheiser logo , they be flat black . they feel pretty cheap , but other have rate they durability highly . nothing make i think they would sound great before i put they on . i would not recommend gift they to a audiophile , unless they take some time to burn they in . i also would not recommend they to someone look for super-cheap headphone , even though they be price that way ! they sound too good for that .
929	Headphone	POS	5	the death of the ear bud headphone end when sony take over aiwa and cancel the `` aiwa hp-v600 headphones with acoustic plus technology and 2-way code holder '' the bass be unreal ; while be complement by the high end sound . i have try all the sony 's and they can not even compare to this sound ! the price be unbelievably moderate , consider the sound you be get . these should be re-marketed , as i be still look to buy a 3rd pair !! to quote spinaltap -lrb- the movie -rrb- `` these go to eleven !! update : -lrb- the present 2012 -rrb- where sony and the like , miss the point be it be not the size of the silicone ear pad that matter , it be the size of the actual speaker . today they be make so small they get lose in the ear canal , and find the bass frequency be nearly impossible , without jingle they to death . the holder , go straight into you ear canal , and from the get go these `` rock '' with a basic frequency response of -lrb- 5hz-25hz -rrb- these make my $ 10.00 walkman sound like a portable home entertainment system . the bass and treble be just there , larger speaker , not at a curve like bose , but straight dead on in the ear , it work . essentially after reappear briefly in 2006 , sony buy out aiwa and take they off the market , and put something out with almost the same frequency specification , but no way to find they with in you ear , as the speaker be so small , that the giant silicone pad be totally worthless . second best to the aiwa hp-v600 headphones with acoustic plus technology and 2-way code holder be its sister brand call the : aiwa hp-v161 headphones with acoustic plus technology -lrb- metallic silver -rrb- . almost the same frequency specification , just a larger ear piece fit , but spectacular sound as well . if i know in 2002 , what i know now i would have 100 pair of the `` aiwa hp-v600 headphones with acoustic plus technology and 2-way code holder '' if i could find they today i would almost do the same . what have i replace these with ? after careful research , and pricing ... ... ... ... ... nothing . i listen to music at home now only where it can be hear properly , as larger headphone , be a complexly different story . they be still fantastic ; but that be another review see here in another section .
498	Headphone	POS	4	i have only be use this gadget for a little more than a week . overall i would rather have it than not . here be my comment . pro : o wireless o easily recharge -lrb- i would have regret get one where i have to remove the battery to recharge -- a pain -rrb- o when tune to frequency -lrb- see con below -rrb- , the sound quality be good enough for i but i be not fussy . o my purpose be to watch tv late at night without disturbing my wife -- it work for that . con : o when i walk around with it on i get pop , snap & static . -lrb- when lie still this rarely happen . -rrb- o it do not lock on the frequency of the send unit . you have to manually tune it to the frequency , and the tuning be sensitive\/fussy . once tune to frequency it stay on frequency until the tuning wheel be move . but , the tuning wheel be easily move . when i lay the headset on the bed the tuning wheel often get bumped\/moved require it be readjust . the tuning wheel be near the volume wheel . when intend to adjust volume you may mess up the tuning instead . o the ear pad be continuous cloth -lrb- no open area over the ear canal -rrb- , so the pad can become a little warm . followup : i have now use it almost nightly for over two year and i be glad i buy it . everything i say in my review above be accurate , but if the review sound negative that would be a wrong impression as i be happy with the unit .
396	Headphone	POS	5	this be the second pair of these i have purchase in the last year . my oldest son love he so much my younger son have to have a pair as well . they be great for college guy live in the dorm who need to both block ambient noise and receive high quality audio .
586	Headphone	POS	5	these be cheap . they work when wet in the pool , but they hurt . pro : water proof , cheap con : cheap , painful after a little bit if you want a cheap pair of headphone to wear in the pool or ocean or something , they work , i could hear underwater . if you be go to be any sort of active , dont bother , they hurt and fall out . put money into something more expensive . i rate five star because they be exactly as advertise . anyone who have ever buy cheap headphone know you get what you pay for . dont hate just because you too cheap to put down some money on a decent pair of headphone . you cant blame a cheap product from be cheap . you blame expensive product for be cheap . you get what you pay for .
112	Headphone	POS	5	love the stylish look , but most importantly the sound quality be the best i have ever herd from a headphone , the bass sound great and the high range be perfect . thanks v-moda a happy dj
691	Headphone	POS	4	i fall in love with the design of these headphone . i really like the retro look , and i absolutely adore over the ear headphone ! i be not a big fan of stick ear bud into my ear . i think the red part be go to be metal , but its actually plastic , but that be not a big deal . the mesh ear cup actually provide pretty decent noise isolation which mean do not have to crank up the volume to drown out background noise ! i use these on my computer and the sound be very clear and very nice . i listen to music on my computer , since i dont have a mp3 : -lrb- , and so the sound be pretty balanced , but i be no music expert , so that my 2 cent worth about the sound . when i do plug these into a mp3 player , the sound be pretty quiet low . i be surprise . i have to crank up the volume to listen at a good listening volume ! this be mostly surprising because i absolutely do not listen to music at a loud volume because my hearing be important to i ! so i be pretty disappoint by that fact since i be plan on get a mp3 and would have like to use these . another thing be that if there be wind outside or a breeze , you actually hear the `` whoosh '' sound ! this obviously interfere with the music , especially because if you outside with these headphone it mean you be use a mp3 player , and if you use a mp3 player the sound isnt that loud anyway ! and for i , even if the noise isnt that loud i dare not crank it up too much because i do not want to damage my hearing , so that be disappointing . i love the look , the sound quality and volume be amazing when use on a computer , which be where i spend most of my time listen to music and what not . one other thing i notice about these headphone , after about a couple hour of use they , with break in between , my head start hurt a bit . i dont know if its just because of the pressure that the cup place on my ear -lrb- which really isnt much it doesnt squeeze you head ! -rrb- , but i have a small headache , and i dont ever get headache . overall i think these be pretty decent headphone for wear in door while work , play , or listen to stuff on the computer , but for outdoor usage i would not recommend it . hope y' all find this review helpful !
810	Headphone	POS	4	they be ship and receive when promise . the sound be very good . the only negative be the cost to send they to i -lrb- postage be way out of line -rrb-
339	Headphone	POS	5	i recently purchase these headphone to replace a 139.00 set of bose headphone . these headphone blow the bose one away . year ago i own a set of the sony mdr-5000 yet lose they somewhere . anyway , i be attract to the bose because of the name , etc. . they be however make very cheap and the wire break where it enter one of the earcup . the sonys be the exact oppositte . they be build solid and exactly what i need . i play the drum and use they all of the time when play my electronic kit . the sound quality be far superior to the bose headphone and i be so happy i purchase they ! you will not be sorry if you do the same .
740	Headphone	POS	5	i be very glad i buy these . they be exactly what i want . they do not tangle . they be very sturdy . and come to find out they have great sound . i normally keep my mp3 player on volume `` 7 '' , but with these i have to turn it down to `` 6 '' . the sound be also more rich . i pay about the same ammount for these as i have my previous 3 set -lrb- other brand and type -rrb- that i buy from a local store and these blow those away , not to mention those all end up tear up . oh yeah , they be very comfortable . just put on the appropriate ear piece that suit you and you 'll end up forget they be in .
216	Headphone	POS	4	first off . i pay 33 dollar with 2 day shipping . 2 month ago i pay around 65 dollar for skullcandy skullcrushers . they last about 3 week . when i first get these hd202 's the first thing i notice be the long cord . it really be not that bad because they give you a thing to wrap it around with a clip on it . what really amaze i be how good these thing sound for 30 $ alot better than the skullcrushers . obviously , the bass be not as `` loud '' or do not `` vibrate '' as much , but the hd202 's have a good amount of bass . it be kinda `` muddy '' but not bad . pro : volume not much distortion long cord bang for buck sound clearity con : loose on head cheap design small ear cups\/pads do not cover whole ear basically , you can not go wrong with these headphone for around 30 dollar . i hear such good thing about these , i do not want to buy another pair of different can that be more expensive because i do not want the hd202 's to still sound better .
241	Headphone	POS	5	the sound quality on these headphone be really good even better when you consider the price . they be comfortable and the part can be replace . one reviewer have problem with the connector but i have be using\/abusing mine for a year and havent have any problem . really a good buy .
747	Headphone	POS	5	i just get a couple of these for my two daughter . they have the same sound as the mx-500 . consider that the cord be only 3 ft. long , and just about anything you hook it up to be likely to have a volume control , a volume control on the cord be pretty redundant . in fact , the other day , i have the mx-500 plug in for a long time , and then forget that there be a volume switch in the cord . as the day wear on , i could not quite figure why the sound volume be drop . it be only later that i realize that the volume switch have accidentally get bump down . so save a buck or two and get the mx-400 instead of the mx-500 . i have already review the mx-500 earbud - i 'll just repeat a few point about the mx-400 , since these be the same earbud : if you be a sennheiser fan , these earbud have that classic sennheiser sound - a rich , ring clarity in the mid and high , and no excessive bass boost . like all non-sealing earbud , the bass be variable and get louder the more tightly the earbud be couple against the earhole . how tightly you get they to fit depend on you ear anatomy really . as for get they to stay in place , i discover that the best way be to wear they upside down and loop the wire around the back of my ear and under my chin . a alternative way to wear these earplug , much more discrete , but also a bit less secure , be to loop the wire over the ear and around the back of you neck , like sunglass strap . a small paper clip to the back of you collar will hold the wire in place and you can run the cord around inside you shirt .
41	Headphone	POS	5	i get these bad boy on special for $ 20 and that include shipping too . i normally go with earbud because they do not hurt the bone in my ear , however these stay comfy for a dew hour and sound amazing . seriously these headphone be a steal at the price i get they for , they be so clean and loud , with plenty of bass and treble . they be versatile and can play all type of music and speak word clearly . they be soo good that now the search be on to find the clearest most intense music i can , watch out soundcloud and grooveshark ... . . here i come !!!!!!!!!!!!!
246	Headphone	POS	5	the headphone have perfect overall sound quality . i really like the deep bass i be get . the headphone block most of the noise outside and actually stay on my ear . in all these aspect , it be better than any pair of in-the-ear headphone i have use in the past . this be much better than i hope . at this price i would say this be a perfect deal .
223	Headphone	POS	5	there be a lot of detailed review over here , so i just add my personal experience after have those headphone for a long time . those be just great , long battery life and the most important feature great overall sound . those be great for music and the surround effect add a lot for movie as well . we have a decent 5.1 configuration and we find ourselves more and more use those headphone instead , specially when we watch poor encode movie . i be not audiophile , but i can tell a difference between different quality and i find those be at top of all headphone that i have include wire one . the problem that we find : each pair of headphone can be pair only with one base at the same time . repair process be not comfortable to do it all the time , so if you have two basis you need to have different headphone for it . overall great purchase and really recommend product in spite of its relative high price tag .
447	Headphone	POS	5	these be the best mobile headphone i have ever use . not because of sound quality -lrb- which be excellent -rrb- , but because of fit , price , comfort , lightweight , durability and how it stick to my head even when run . not jogging - sprint - as in to catch airplane and bus . mine break the other day after 3 long year of faithful service . if i do not turn around fast and crush it against my desk while it be fold up in my pocket , it would probably last another 3 year . it sound great with no buzz -lrb- even at high volume -rrb- right up until i break it . the cord 's length be perfect , i keep my mp3-loaded pocketpc in my left front pants pocket . it be long enough but not too long , and never catch on anything . as for the phone themselves , they go far enough into the ear to properly point the speaker forward , not merely inward like those annoyingly uncomfortable little bud thing do -lrb- how they justify the price for those thing , i 'll never know -rrb- . as for allow outside noise through , they do if you have they turn down low , but i can not tell what people be say when listen to stuff at `` normal '' volume . in other word , they be just as good as ear bud without the annoying lack of comfort or ability to keep from fall out . they do let loud sound in , however , which can disrupt what you be hear . for example , loud vehicle like bus drive past you at a bus stop will completely drown out what you be listen to . small price to pay for the thing stick to you head like glue in great comfort for hour on end . sound quality be great . the larger speaker provide for a very well-rounded sound , not just treble and bass like most ear bud . perfect for anything from music to talk radio . the foldable design be a feature of importance to i because i be a long distance commuter by bus and ferry boat -lrb- 4 hour a day -rrb- . compact , portable and lightweight be very important to i , even more important than sound quality . fortunately , i do not have to sacrifice a bit of sound quality by use these over bud . these headphone give great sound , be comfortable , be lightweight , stick to you head even when run , and they be very compact and portable . and for 10 measly buck ! you can have those over-rated , expensive bud and all the discomfort and `` fallout '' that go with they . do i mention i be here on this web site right now to buy two more pair of these ?
70	Headphone	POS	5	most earbud that i have try tend to sound `` tinny '' and very shallow . these have a more realistic depth to the sound quality . the earbud fit in you ear very comfortably , you will hardly notice they . they be well construct and i love the auto wind feature . the case even have a flip door to place the earbud in after you be finish use they . i do not think you 'll find a better quality set of earbud for any price .
275	Headphone	POS	5	much information have be write about these headphone which have long be on the market . in brief , these headphone sound great and be arguably the very best value in under $ 100 portable headphone . this be my second pair and would unhesitatingly give my highest recommendation . and not to forget , the purchase come with a no question ask lifetime guarantee from the manufacturer , koss .
189	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these headphone for work to try and shut out the noise from some of the adjacent cubicle . they work nicely for the purpose and do not pinch you head like some of the other headphone i have try . they do fully enclose you ear - they do not sit on top of you ear like some headphone . sit over the ear like that be nice especially if you wear glass because it mean you do not get the arm of you glass smash into you head . generally speak , these be pretty comfortable . i do not like the band on top of my head , but that be not a issue with these headphone specifically - it be just one of those thing that come with the headphone territory . the sound be decent , but not super rich . there be point in the music where it sound a little hollow , like the low-end of the midrange be miss . it become particularly noticeable when listen to electronic music . the bass be decent but not ear-thumping . high be reasonable . if you be look for some decent-priced headphone that will get you through the work day , these be fine . if you be look for reference-quality sound or be uber-picky about sound quality , these be not for you . one note - with the over-the-ear fit and the corresponding headband , these headphone be huge . i mean , no one be go to walk past you and miss these bad boy . you can see they on you head from space . if you be try to impress someone of the opposite sex or look cool in you headphone groove to the music , you will have better luck carry a 80 's boombox on you shoulder - they be roughly the same size , but at least one have `` retro style '' go for it . give what i be look for , and that i have some headphone that be uncomfortable that i want to replace , these fit the bill . i will probably look at a more expensive in-ear set next time so i can have better quality sound and lose the headphone-hair effect that the band on these give i .
183	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these headphone just yesterday , have be use they for multiplayer gaming and music on my pc . the quality of sound be outstanding , highly recommend these .  the price leave a bit of a hole in you pocket though !
16	Headphone	POS	5	i be worry about the price , but these headphone honestly have a better overall feel and sound than my skullcandy . they have unique bud that fit very well in my ear and do a excellent job of cut out sound . i have now have these for a few month and they still work fine .
875	Headphone	POS	4	i buy these for my husband to use at the gym and he love they . they stay in place while he do he cardio and be small enough to fit into he pocket when he want to keep they off . he say the sound be very clear . i want a pair now !
176	Headphone	POS	5	i have never leave a review before but could not resist let every one know what a great product these little bud be . i buy these bud after the original bud to my ipod finally break . what a great investment !! i just get back from a trip to costa rica and these thing be simply amazing on the airplane . i never use my ipod on the plane before because i could never hear without turn the volume up all the way and i still could not hear all that well . i admit i have to turn up the volume a tad with these bud , but not that much . -lrb- you do have to push the tip into you ear to drown out the surround sound . -rrb- every time my husband want to talk to i he have to tap i on the shoulder . these be also great if you have small ear canal . the extra small tip be wonderful and they do not keep fall out of my ear like the ipod bud do . i also find they very comfortable when i wear they at night in bed when my insomnia kick in . at first i think the sound quality be not all that great , even after `` break in , '' but the more i have use these puppy the more the sound quality have improve . finally , i love the cord ! it do not tangle and seem to be very well make even though it be thin . over all , great product and worth every penny . i buy the blue one and may even buy the pink one to `` color coordinate ! ''
123	Headphone	POS	4	the sound be 5 star , but the cord be only 3 ft. long and that really limit movement while you be use they . so , they only score 4 star .
405	Headphone	POS	5	they sound great , ear clip actually work , one of the best pair of headphone that i have ever buy for less than $ 20
794	Headphone	POS	5	the belkin headphone splitter have a lifetime warranty and be provide great audio to both outlet and i have no problem plug in to ipad 2 or computer , etc. . very good product at a amazing price !
151	Headphone	POS	5	as one who be very particular when it come to sound quality and overall quality , i can only highly recommend this product . i have own several other wireless headset by different manufacturer only to be disappoint . this sony headset be by far one of the best i have have . the headset itself only look cheap at first glance , but be actually very lightweight and easy to use . the sound quality be much better than expect and i get perfect reception-i have not experienced any hiss or static whatsoever . a major plus be that you simply hook it up , turn it on and enjoy it-no search for channel , no adjust this or that-nothing . i also like the fact that you can use the include rechargable battery or normal aaa battery in this unit . overall , i be extremely happy with this purchase and would encourage anyone else in the market for a product like this to buy it ... now !
556	Headphone	POS	5	i just get these in not too long ago and out of over 100 item i have order off ebay these be the first i have be compel to review . . i be you average 20yo guy . . these be great bud for most every kind of music i throw at em . personally i use em for metal most time and they stand up fine . . beat my stock zune headphone and the other 4-5 cheaper phone i have buy . . anyway . . buy these and you 'll want to spread you newfound happiness around amazon , too
682	Headphone	POS	4	at this price i do not think there be any reason not to make the purchase . the headphone be well build and provide a effective noise reduction for my 5-hour flight between us and canada although it be not completely silent . i would say it be more like a 75 % reduction . like some other say the control unit be a bit bulky but ok for i . in term of battery life i be still on the first set of battery after 10 hour of usage . btw , this can be use as a normal headphone with the power turn off if you be in a not so noisy environment .
360	Headphone	POS	4	i have have these for about a week . i love the soft rubber cap -- three size include ; very soft and much more comfortable than foam cap . they do not slide\/pop out of you ear , either . bass response be respectable for this price . asymmetrical cord design be comfortable . cord separate in the middle -- you can use shorter length for arm or pocket player location ; add extension for belt or backpack use . a small ear buds-only case be include , which keep the bud protect from dust or other unwanted dirt when not in use . also include be a feel drawstr pouch to hold piece you be not use , or all of the part if desire . i be very pleased so far . i have use they for jazz , rock and classical listening . they be not active noise-cancelling type , but in-ear design block out most noise , anyway .
774	Headphone	POS	5	my package arrive early than expect . originally it be suppose to arrival one or two month from july 15 . then i rec would confirmation that it will arrive on july 28 , 2010 . i just rec would my package today on july 24 , 2010 and i be luvin my new headphone .
453	Headphone	POS	4	i have have a pair of these sennheiser 201 for 6 month and i use they several time a week to listen to music on my hi-fi . for -lrb- $ 20 i can not complain but i agree with other that a eq help . pro : inexpensive build to last comfortable lightweight long cord , can be a con if you use a mobile device crisp mid and high con : not very loud poor bass response
258	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these because i own a pair many moon ago and lose they . with my purchase of a new ipod , i know exactly what earplug i need to buy ! they be amazingly comfortable -lrb- unlike the original ipod one ! -rrb- and cheap ! you can not find a better price for these , i check . highly recommend !
966	Headphone	POS	5	... they come in a beautiful black presentation box . it be almost too nice to through away !  the headphone be comfortable , completely surround the ear , and have aweseome sound . i be order a mid range amplifier to give it more pep as my walkman do not have enough power to really drive these . they be by far the best headphone i have ever own . you can not go wrong with the price - go for it .
671	Headphone	POS	5	i have have these well over a month now . these be superior headphone with superior sound quality . my primary reason for purchase these be gaming . i play america 's army , guild wars , and world of warcraft . in america 's army i be able to hear footstep and people reload from a far greater distance than with my zalman 5.1 's -lrb- which be $ 90 -rrb- or with my logitech open ear headphone . the accuracy of the shot be even better than my 5.1 's . which be amazing consider there be only 2 speaker in the 555 set . i could hear footstep behind i and spin around before they come around the corner , in insurgent camp i could be typing on the upstairs pc and distinctly hear people in the radio room or in the garage . even though they be not design for gaming they play the part better than any of those under $ 100 gaming headset you find in most store .
286	Headphone	POS	5	i could believe when i find this radio . i have go to many store and they all tell i the same answer `` they stop make it '' . i have buy 2 of these on this site cause i love this one . the signal be the best signal i have get every where i be at , city , mountain and desert . easy to use , carry and very small . love it , love it , love it . the only thing bad with this be the battery life , i have to change it every 3 day , but with rechargegable battery be not a problem .
384	Headphone	POS	5	i have have this dac\/amp for ~ 6 month now and i have to say that it be worth every penny . to anyone that be on the fence due to the extremely sharp , ear pierce high , do not worry ! the amp have a break-in period . after this time the sound even out perfectly . this time vary i be sure but my time be no more than a couple of day listen . i go about shorten this by leave music play through my headphone all day , even though i be not present . on to sound . i be not a audiophile by any means -lrb- though i do possess a obsession with the idea -rrb- . the sound quality through my headphone , beyerdynamic dt 990 headphone , be spectacular . i believe it be the best i have ever hear my music sound . the sound be extremely punchy , and the high be absolutely sublime after the break-in . the low be there but not overstate , as can be the case with some amp . overall i think this amp\/dac have a great balance that i do not get with my other setup . obviously you choice of headphone will greatly impact you experience with any dac . mine be great for i , but other may find they too bright , or not strong enough in certain area . what i can say , be that after make the jump to a good set of headphone and a dac i will never go back . it be like have the band cram inside you head . you can hear every instrument at any give time . you do not realize how much be lose in normal sound card , or cheap speakers\/headphones until you listen to a good set on a decent dac for a day or two . it leave you with a feeling you can not shake . if you purchase this unit and use it with a decent set of headphone i can guarantee you will not be disappoint with it .
514	Headphone	POS	4	my only complaint be that there be no off button . other wise it be a solid piece of equipment . and im use it for my home sound system . would by another if there be ever a need
106	Headphone	POS	5	first of all these be very very high quality build headphone , thick plush leather , strong dense aluminum . they be over the ear head phone , and be very snug and comfortable . i have hear of people say they hurt , that be a total lie unless you have huge ear but my ear fit perfectly inside the cup . i would buy these again and again . they be the best dre headphone out there . they be $ -lrb- ... -rrb- with shipping , but i guess i have they now , lol . they be very expensive to what i really think they should be sell for but they be worth it if the studios be $ -lrb- ... -rrb- . these be total show stopper and have a very clean sound . i have use but not purchase one over $ 1000 but they be for more of a recording purpose type of headphone . these be truly a great product but think they will require alot of juice to run off of a ipod . again these fit well on normal size ear .
959	Headphone	POS	5	i purchase this splitter to route audio from my computer to a 2.1 speaker set and to a 5.1 receiver . so far , so good , i have have no problem with it . it be a real simple component but simple problem do not necessarily guarantee simple , reliable solution . it look like we have a winner here .
126	Headphone	POS	5	i have not get mine yet , but i have be look for a way to listen to my 42 '' hdtv , that only have digital optical audio output , for some time , to just get a decoder that do not have 5.1 capability will run $ 30 or so , and a decoder that have 5.1 capability will run $ 100 more ??? and so that only leave headphone that come with a decoder , and after read up on what available , it be not look to promising , only if you want to go top end , $ 200 + even the one around $ 150 have not get better review than this one , the hissing noise and wireless interfearenc ? and some of those decoder will not do 5.1 ?? but for $ 20 wonderful dollar you can get that $ 130 5.1 decoder !!!! just use different headphone , and like i read in another review , that take care of any crappy sound , not too many decent and affordable option for the digital optical audio only output for the new hdtv 's , that still let you use you 5.1 sound ?? glad i do not opt out for the astro a40 , or tritton ax pro , which be not true 5.1 , or turtle beach x41 , those be mostly for game console , and a little pricey , so these should do nice for just t.v. useage ,
547	Headphone	POS	5	this be by far the best pair of earphone i have ever have . my first pair break and i didnt hesitate to spend the ask price for a new pair . they be great for work out . they wont fall out and they dont hurt you ear like the other earphone do -lrb- after extensive wear -rrb- . also this be the best quality sound i have hear for the price and the size . its just perfect for i and it even match my pink nano ipod .
582	Headphone	POS	4	even with song that have a lot of bass , you can barely hear any with these headphone ... but afterall they be only chump-change worth compare to the beat ... they fit perfectly during workout and do not slip out at all . .
658	Headphone	POS	5	the head set be better than expect . love everything about they , i can even go outside at quite a distance and still the clarity be very good . glad i make this purchase . the sound be great for watch american idol !!
93	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone arrive within a good time frame . the packaging be very nice consider it be use . i could not really verify if they be fake or real ... but the sound quality be deep and whole and i could not complain about they . these headphone have a tendency to cancel out noise around you . so good that someone will be talk to you rather loudly and you 'll struggle to be able to hear they . these headphone can be problematic if none of the bud fit you consider you get a wide range of size . for what i pay for they these headphone be amazing . not only do they sound good but they be out of the ordinary `` futuristic '' look . people always be look at my headphone and comment on how cool they look . if you be a big fan of in-ears please by all means go for they . -lrb- p. s -rrb- to save yourself from play the be it real or fake game i suggest get it for the full market price . the money be worth the peace of mind .
793	Headphone	POS	4	sony srfh4 analog tuning am \/ fm headphone radio  i have be try to use it at my gym where they have direct tv monitor connect with fm radio signal for the individual television channel . i be listen and watch tv while use the treadmill . my radio signal be only moderately successful . after i lose my walkman , i be research what to get for a substitute . i be look for wireless because my headphone cord be always get in the way . i do not find a wireless solution acceptable -lrb- cost , etc. -rrb- when i look for a handsfree fm radio . i look at the review for this sony and another  sony srf-h11 s2 sports am \/ fm radio walkman with rear reflector headphones  i decide on this model rather than behind the head design because of the other review relate to comfort . i also think the geeky-looking antenna might provide better radio reception . i find this radio reception much better than my old walkman , but of course i do not know whether it be the geeky-looking antenna or not . the radio be quite comfortable and i be glad that i do not try the behind the ear style because i wear glass and sunglass with the radio . thanks for the earlier review !
984	Headphone	POS	5	these be work fine for i . i can not believe how great the sound be . as to the bass , i just put these to the `` bass '' test . one of the most demand track , in my experience , be the song `` one '' by metallica . you know that part just before lars ' double bass kick in ? well , there be very few speaker that can handle that , especially with the volume and the low end bass turn up . i may have hear one pair of speaker in my life that could handle that part of the song without distortion , and those be 100 watt 3-way speaker with 15 '' woofer . well , i just listen to that part on these headphone with the volume up about as loud as i could stand , and with the low end of the equalizer turn up almost all the way , and guess what ? no distortion !? i still can not believe it , but i just hear it with my own ear . these thing really do go `` inside '' you ear ! in fact , i would say to be careful that you do not shove they in there too far , or too fast . and be careful pull they back out . you have only get 2 eardrum , so do not be reckless with they . to the person who complain about `` too much bass '' distort the audio , do not you mp3 player have some sort of equalizer ? i would think that almost any mp3 player would have at least a 5-band equalizer ? -lrb- as far as i be concerned , any mp3 player should have a 10-band equalizer , but i guess we can not have everything . -rrb- one complaint : there be no volume control build into the wire . i have buy much lesser headphone that do have that feature , and it be a shame that they do not include that feature on these , but , oh well . i see they be on sale now for $ 3 . oo !? wow , now that be amazing ! i think i be get a amazing bargain because i only pay $ 7 . oo for they !
27	Headphone	POS	4	bought myself when i see it on the sale here in amazon . i find these a great bargain . my pro : great value , the sound be ok , and look cool . my con : the cord to way too long , have some poor sound when plug in other device like psp , other mp3 player etc. `` i be ok with its performance on my ipod touch and on my laptop '' , the bass be average like those other in it be price range . well for 5 month of use it , the sound quality do not degrade and i be plan to mod this coz it be start to have scratch and the logo be fading
659	Headphone	POS	5	i have have my ur29 for so many year im not sure how old they be . just recently they start to loose the plastic cover on the ear pad and the headset . i be really bummed because they have become a good friend and i didnt know how to replace they . well low and behold koss have a lifetime warranty and they be cover ! so all you folk who love these hp like i do , do not dispare ! i be send they out to get refurbish and im go to by another pair from koss !
935	Headphone	POS	5	i be no audiophile , but i would file these under f for `` f 'n excellent value ! '' seriously . i be very skeptical , of course , but sure enough , everyone review these be right . also , they stay in my ear much better than crapple ear bud .
808	Headphone	POS	4	orderd headphone 20 $ arrived in 4 day free shipping over 25 $ . read alot of review and figure what the hey and be right , i have a large head 7 3\/4 i think and a full bushy head of hair and when i see headphone i think no way r these thing go to fit . if you pull down hard on each ear pad they extend to a very large size and fit very nice , iam 1 notch from the largest setting and think they would fit a 8 size head . the sound be ok because the bass be a little to strong on classic rock but if u use a equalizer u can work around this problem . the 10 foot cord be great and the noise canceling be not really good . work on a computer u can here tv and phone ringing and other people can here what u r listen to but it be a low volume . they be so comfortable and do not squish my ear because my ear fit perfctly inside the pad . im wonder if all the other comment of major pressure on head and not fitting at all , if they realize u can extend the earpad to a very large head ? all in all worth the 20 $ 4\/5
554	Headphone	POS	4	the quality on these headphone be really good , they really bring out the bass which be a huge plus for i -lrb- especially come from use apple earbud -rrb- . they be also very durable , the ear cup ar not make of plastic , but a metal that make they feel like they be not brake any time soon . my only complaint be that they get uncomfortable after wear they for a extended period of time . other than that , i would recommend these , they be great headphone for the money and i have be please with they since i get they .
845	Headphone	POS	4	i buy this product for my husband to use at night so i could sleep while he watch tv . it work great ! he say the quality of the sound be very good and easy to use .
986	Headphone	POS	5	i have try several headphone for work out , but they all pretty bad . i hate the set that go into you ear because i sweat a lot and they seem to fall out plus they do not have a good bass sound . i also do not like the big head phone with the hook around you ear because they be uncomfortable and the sound quality be sub par . but the philips shs5200 be awesome great comfort -lrb- very light weight , barely feel like you have it on -rrb- and the sound be loud and clear and great bass almost as good as bose but way more affordable . i highly recommend this to anyone that be look for great sound quality and comfort for headphone for you workout .
844	Headphone	POS	5	i write computer hardware review for devhardware.com and i have the pleasure of write up a full review on these headphone which can be find at http:\/\/www.devhardware.com\/c\/a\/speakers\/sennheiser-px100\/ needless to say they be definitely worth the money . for less than $ 40 you will not find a better sound set of phone .
737	Headphone	POS	4	these work well . for the amount i pay for they -lrb- $ 5 -rrb- i would definitely recommend they .
251	Headphone	POS	4	i be not a serious stereophile ... but i know a thing or two about bad headphone . especially the kind you get for free with every portable audio product you buy . bottom line , the quality for these headphone be amazing . you can turn up whatever you be listen to , and not worry about distortion . do i mention the price ? dirt cheap my friend , dirt cheap . the only downside be they do not fit comfortably for people with glass , and there be a little plastic piece in the center of the earphone that can be bothersome if not positioned perfectly . or maybe it be just my ear ?
255	Headphone	POS	5	i never realize how much a pair of better earbud could do for the quality of music . bass be full and clear and i can hear thing i never hear before use the earbud that come with the ipod nano . great buy for the price .
200	Headphone	POS	4	after wear these headphone for 30 minute , my ear begin to hurt . i be not sure if i be wear they wrongly , but these headphone press my ear against my head .  because these be closed ear headphone , you should expect the discomfort normally associate with wear headphone for a extended period of time . so , it be a good idea to remove the headphone every so often . however , discomfort should not include cause my ear to hurt .  the sound be pretty good for the price . i would not say it be great ; my harmon kardon speaker be better . i use these headphone to listen to audio when my roommate be in the room .  these headphone come with a volume control as part of the cord . i do not use the mute button because you have to hold it down , but i just turn the volume all the way down if i need to .  countless time i have drop the headphone , bang it , yank it when the cable be catch on something , but the headphone still work . the 2 meter cable be nice and long , longer than the usual 2-5 foot you usually get . my final recommendation : if you be look for cheap cheap headphone with good audio , get these , but do not wear they for exten period of time .
701	Headphone	NEG	1	work in a big block building , it be hard to get reception on a radio here . but i have hope this radio headphone set would be different , it be not . i can not tune one station in on this . and at my apartment , it be not that much better . i be only able to tune one of my favorite station in , and that have static also . i live and work near a big city , so get a strong signal be not the problem . maybe it work best outside , when you work out ? but then again the design of this be not very well think out . it have around the ear design , but it do not feel secure , and i would think it would easily fall off if you jogging with they on . i 'll go back to use the , around the ear mp3 player that i have , until a better product come along . the seller of this product ship the item fast , and i would buy from he again . so there be no fault on they part , as to the quality of this product .
244	Headphone	NEG	1	not a good product . difficult to keep tune to the television , and the battery would not stay in place . i would not purchase this product again .
202	Headphone	NEG	2	i buy these headphone about 4 month ago and the first few time i use they they be great . admittedly they do hurt my ear on my first run , but i put soft foam cover on they from another set of headphone -lrb- these don ; t come with they -rrb- the next time and they be fine . so i continue use they for the next few month and then start have a problem with the sound get scratchy and cut in and out . i have a case on my phone , so i take that off , and that seem to help for a while . not long after that the sound cut out completely on the right side , i make sure there be no kink any where , and there be not , so this be irritating , but i let it go hope that the next time i use they they would be ok ; they be not . on my next run , i get about half way through and the sound cut completely out on both side . it be really scratchy for half the run and be cut in and out , and finally they cut completely out . i be sorry but headphone should not die that fast . in my opinion these be terrible and i would not recommend they to anyone . just today i be buy the panasonic rp-hs33-g in-ear water-resistant sport-clip earbud headphones , so hopefully these will be better quality !
179	Headphone	NEG	2	i read and hear the hype of noise-cancelling headphone and how they will make my life much better . so , i go out and bought\/researched most of the top selling headphone . the aiwa model -lrb- hp-cn5 -rrb- be the most value price . but , it have a buzz when you turn on the noise-cancellation , and i certainly think that most of the noise-cancellation be be achieve by increase the volume than anything else . also , the battery slot be awkwardly place above the left earpiece , and it thus constantly budge against my head . the sony mdr-nc11 's be quite uncomfortable , and cost nearly 3 time as much as the aiwa model . the manual say that the noise-cancellation will work only if the earbud be fitting `` snugly , '' and from my experience it seem that the snugly fit of the earbud be what cancel more noise than the noise cancellation technology . i must say , however , that these be the most stylish , sleek and portable headphone of the lot . sadly , they noise cancellation be nominal , and not worth it for the pain of `` snugly '' fitting earbud for extended period of time .  the third model i try be the sony mdr-nc20 , which be the most expensive of the lot . it be definitely more comfortable than the previous model , and also have passive noise cancellation due to the closed loop cushion design around the ear . however , it will get uncomfortable when wear for long duration due to the small earcup design .  in summary , all three of these headphone cancel noise by add a `` buzz '' sound when noise-cancellation be turn on , and by increase the volume of the music if plug to a cd player . i would suggest use you money on a better cd player , and get comfortable headphone without the noise cancellation feature . let i suggest koss ur-20 or koss ur-30 for beautiful sound quality and comfort , and the koss the-plug or sony fontopia for ear bud type model . all cost less than 50 buck !  enjoy , and i 'll head to the store to make all the return ! : -lrb-
393	Headphone	NEG	2	with no mode setting -lrb- repeat , shuffle , etc -rrb- or shock protection , this cd player be pretty undesirable , but if you be just look for something to hold you over then this 'll do . it have all the basic feature of a cd player of course and it work alright . it could be with just mine , but every pair of headphone , new and old , that i use with it , the left begin to malfunction although when use those same headphone in another cd player or speaker , they work fine . like i say , if you just want a temporary thing then i guess this be good for you .
626	Headphone	NEG	1	i can not believe these get the kind of review they get . they sound horrible on every level . the earphone that come with my ipod so outdo these it be pitiful !! do not waste you money !
443	Headphone	NEG	2	purchase because of posotive review . hook it up and have be constantly dissapoint . constant interference . i quute literally can not get it to operate with hissing or pop or whine . try everything from change the frequency its operating on to move the transmitter . dissapointed
764	Headphone	NEG	2	i buy labtec 835 go by the revieww , but now i have stop believee review and specificationg ... , these headfone be bad , no real volume with clarity , sick bass , i mean only u can listen to something like a lecture ... ! good thing , these headfone be real comfortable ! but then pay 16 $ for that ??? pay a little more and get something better ! i didnt like these headfone at all ! if u r a music lover , u wont like they , dont buy they ! else u regret ...
760	Headphone	NEG	1	this product be such a disappointment . it only work intermitently . at time it word half way work , but the volume be so low it be difficult to hear . the problem start immediately . i have onw this product less than 1 month and would not buy it again . i can not reccommend this product to anyone .
221	Headphone	NEG	2	the sound be fine , but the head band be too tight . it press so hard against my ear that after 30 minute they hurt . so you think i be a fat head ! but no - i have a normal size adult male head . i have tie to bend the spring steel part of the band , but the plastic section be make with a small radius and can not be bent . i be sure unit be fine for kid and pea brain ! i also wish this only have one wire out the left side , rather than two wire -lrb- one to each earphone -rrb- . but most of these phone -lrb- except for the cheaper sony -rrb- be make this way .
146	Headphone	NEG	2	no matter how the sound quality be , i think this headphone be very uncomfortable . i originally want to get the boss oe2 , but go for this because it be much cheaper . but i do not like how it feel when i wear it .
4	Headphone	NEG	2	these earbud be very comfortable and the choice of 3 different size be great . unfortunately when hook to the ipod the sound be dreadful -- very `` tinny '' . the earbud that come from apple , although uncomfortable , be much better sound . it be like compare a regular radio to a bose wave radio -- there be no comparison .
696	Headphone	NEG	2	i be not a audiophile . i enjoy listen to music and appreciate good sound . i can tell what i like better , but can not communicate what make one sound better than another . i compare these headphone to logitech g930 wireless gaming , sony mdr-v6 , pioneer se-a1000 , and sony mdr-ex33lp -lrb- earbud -rrb- . i own all of these headphone and thoroughly test they against one another . my test be with music on the pc , music on a mp3 player -lrb- ipod touch -rrb- , and portable gaming device -lrb- d & psp -rrb- . the good the packaging be outstanding . the design be sleek . these be the most comfortable over-the-ear headphone i have . they be extremely light and could be use for long gaming or movie session without notice they be on . they cover my ear perfectly and block outside noise very well . the `` stretch '' technology be effective and i have little doubt about the durability of these headphone . the bad the sound be well below average . for music on the pc and mp3 player , the bass be out of whack . it be not strong overpowering bass . it be not clear bass . it give a muffle bass effect and it definitely affect the music in a negative way . my 9 year old sony mdr-v6 's . be far superior . in fact , of all the headphone -lrb- include the earbud -rrb- , i would choose these last to listen to music . the muffle sound do not bother i as much with portable gaming device . the color choice bother i a bit . the accent color be a pink-ish maroon color . i do not have a problem with that , but it do look a bit on the feminine side . the designer make a strange choice for the cord length . the cord be about 2 inch long from left earphone . so , i have to have a extension cord to make it usable . it do come with a 4 foot extension cord , but i would prefer the 2 inch cord to simply be the 4 foot cord . the cord be nice otherwise and be tangle-free . i would not recommend these . in this price range you can find a far superior pair of headphone . of the headphone i own , i would rank they in the follow order . sony mdr-v6 logitech g930 wireless gaming -lrb- can only be use on the pc , so it do not help for mp3 , my receiver , or portable gaming ... otherwise this would be at the top -rrb- sony mdr-ex33lp pioneer se-a1000 these philips o'neill sho9560\/28
759	Headphone	NEG	1	hello all - just think i would let you know that all coby product be junk , if you see the name coby on something run do not walk away ! never have a good experience w \/ they - avoid like the plague -lrb- sorry amazon -rrb- but coby be junk , amazon be awesome and should not sell coby product . just let you know . .
801	Headphone	NEG	1	i have mix feeling about these earphone . the positive be : they be inexpensive , the sound quality be good and when i first put they in , they be completely secure in my ear . however , once i start sweating , they would easily slip out of my ear and then not go back in . the worst part be , i only have they two week and the left earphone stop work . i send they back .
228	Headphone	NEG	1	my order do not arrive during the shipment period . i contact with the seller , so they send i a new one . when it arrive at my place , almost 18 day have already pass from the first time that i have order they . whatever , after use one week , the right one stop to work . now , i be look to other seller to order new pair !
522	Headphone	NEG	1	this be probably the worst frackalakin piece of blacoopa i have eva wakalaking snakin ever get . i mean this headphone so bad its be very bad . i hate its headphone gut . you understand i heaphone i hate you soo much you can go die in a frazinglining hole .
995	Headphone	NEG	1	anyone say these earphone have a good sound must have very low standard ! they have absolutely `` no bottom end '' at all . i dj for a living and play all type of music and can appreciate good sound quality . these have neither good sound quality , nor any bass at all . i do not expect they to have the same sound quality as a $ 200 pair , but these do not even compare with `` stock '' earphone , let alone aftermarket . i actually think someone have be mess with my mp3 player and turn the bass off . to my surprise , the bass be turn all the way up . i 'll admitt , i do love a good rich bass sound , nothing muddy or `` boomy '' , just bass and drum the way they suppose to sound . these earphone do not even have the slighest hint of bass as far as i could tell . they do not impress i in the upper end either . mostly all i hear be mid 's . kinda like the sound that come from a cheep alarm clock . well i guess i 'll keep try until i hit the `` sweet '' spot that i be look for . maybe a good pair of shure or ultimate ear eb or pro . but you can rest assure , it will not be another pair of sony 's .
708	Headphone	NEG	2	when these in-ear headphone be properly install -lrb- and get they in right be like a installation -rrb- the sound be amazing . i have hear part of song that i would never hear before . but the headphone suffer from two massive flaw . the first be that if the headphone move the tiniest bit out of you ear canal , the sound quality plummet . this be a huge problem because the cord be so long that it be guarantee to catch on something and jiggle the earbud . even when wrap up and out of the way , the cord will respond to the slightest movement and pop the earbud out of you ear . this be extraordinarily frustrating , all the more so because the sound be so good . i do not recommend these headphone to active people or to people that plan on move much at all . if , however , you do not plan on move much with these headphone , you be golden . also note : that little case that come with they should be use all the time ; the earbud piece will come off in you bag or pocket and the case help prevent that . it also help prevent just whipping out you ipod and listening , since you have to undo the case and store it , but that be the least of you problem with these headphone .
828	Headphone	NEG	1	i just buy these today and i can not wait to return they . perhaps i have be spoil by bose , perhaps they just do not work . i can barely perceive any difference in the sound - just not worth the cost . they actually make i appreciate the earbud that come with my ipod .
87	Headphone	NEG	2	i have be listen with grado for many year . i currently have a pair of sr80 and sr325 headphone and be please with both , so when i see that grado have in-ear phone they be a natural first choice for i . unfortunately the sound of the igi set be shrill and harsh . after more than a 100 hour burn-in they be not quite so harsh but they be still shrill . -lrb- unfortunately that burn-in time take they past they returnable date . -rrb- the shrillness can be offset somewhat with the equalizer in my cowan i9 but when plug into a portable cd player or a mini-disc player they sound worse than the cheap head set that come with the player . yes they have good `` clarity , '' definition and separation but the shrillness remind i of one of those old cheap plastic radio from the early day of transistor . the lesson be a simple one : if you be consider the grado igi you would do well to actually listen to they before you shell out this kind of money . most of the other review here be positive so they appeal to some ear , but certainly not to mine .
211	Headphone	NEG	1	the product be awesome !! unfortunately , my head be smaller in size , and the earclip just fall over the side of my ear . the sound be fab , i have no complaint in the product itself , just that they do not fit : -rrb-
864	Headphone	NEG	2	foreword : i use these for my home computer . i be 23 and a very experienced computer user . there be a few thing about these headphone that make they seem as if they be design by someone who have never be tell what they would be use for . let 's start off with the fact that they be wireless headphone , but the charge base have two frustratingly short wire you need to accommodate . there be the obvious input jack that pull the sound from the computer . it be so short -lrb- 4 or 5 foot maybe ? -rrb- that it become a real pain to position in a convenient\/attractive way in the room . it create one of those taut , easy to accidentally snag hang wire situation that have end in my charge base startlingly slam to the floor on a few occasion . the charge base need to be plug into a wall jack with a equally short cord , however , this one end in a inexplicably large ac adapter that will require you to shuffle -lrb- if not completely unplug -rrb- some of you other gadget ac input . yes , you have hear i right . amount of wire to deal with on a regular , 2 dollar set of headphone from a 7-11 : 1 wire . amount of wire to deal with on a pair of 70 dollar sennheiser : 2 wire , both of which be too short and clunky . be i miss something here ? perhaps even worse be the auto-off feature of the headphone . if the headphone receive no audio information for about five minute -lrb- i.e. the cd you be listen to end , the movie you be watch be over and you have fall asleep in bed -rrb- , the headphone will shut off to preserve battery life . but rather than just go quiet , you get a earful of unending , louder than holy hell static . so every time you pc go quiet for more than five minute and you have those headphone on , get ready to crap yourself when they kick in with horror-movie-level , ear-splitting static . i know these have get great review , but most of those come from people who have own the product for about a week . over prolonged use , you learn to hate these thing . do yourself a favor and buy a cheapo , 1-wire , no static pair from anywhere else .
953	Headphone	NEG	2	the audio quality of the ne 700 's be superior to every other set i have listen to ; dynamic range , image quality , sound isolation ... it be just a shame they keep break . the people at nuforce get a `` a '' for effort and ungrudging send 3 set of replacement before `` promising '' a full refund -lrb- still wait for the refund , its only be a couple of week so i be not worried yet -rrb- . each set have the same failure , death of a channel -lrb- usually the right -rrb- . unfortunately the failure can not be attribute to abuse , i have a cheap set of jabra 's that i wear while do any type of physical activity that i have own for year . the ne 700 's be reserve for list around the house , air travel -lrb- which be where i appreciate they the most due to the great noise isolation -rrb- or while i be sit work on the computer . i would have give nuforce one star have it not be for the exceptional customer support effort and the audio quality but i would not recommend purchase this product until the durability issue be address . read through other review , my problem be not a anomaly . i hope anyone else that buy this product have better luck than i .
225	Headphone	NEG	2	i get these to go jogging because they look nice , be from a reputable brand , and have positive review . i see the review about they be big , but i assume these people have especially small ear , since the majority of reviewer like they . i have very average size ear for a woman . in every aspect , these be too big . at a little over 5\/8 '' , the depth be so large that they stick out farther than any part of my ear . they measure 1 3\/8 '' from the center of the earbud to the top of the loop , which be just enough room to brush the top of my ear uselessly . the earbud itself be so large that it get painful if you keep it in too long . the only thing that allow it to stay in place -lrb- only when there be no motion on the cord -rrb- be that it curl in tightly enough that the part that go behind the ear fit ; but even that be not rigid enough to comfortably hold it . all this combined means that while run , i have to put the cord through my shirt so there be no movement at the ear hook , and the wind go through the part not touch my ear definitely travel into the headphone to create a noisy environment . when it be in place , the sound quality be decent , although there be not much bass . the sound be crisp . the cord be not the highest quality , so after use it for a week , it still retain the bend and fold where they be in the original package device . so in conclusion , measure you ear and compare to the above number before purchase . if it fit , at around $ 6 , it be a great deal . if not , it be definitely not worth the hassle .
418	Headphone	NEG	1	the connect point where the hook go into the headphone be loose , so they do not stay in place very well . the sound quality be ok , but because it wont clamp onto the ear well enough i lose a lot of sound definition which make it sound pretty crappy overall . my primary problem with headphone be the cord that connect to the mp3 player stop work because it rip at the base of the plug . i buy these about 3 month ago and the where the cord connect to the metal plug have completely come undo . i think it may be because i wrap my headphone around my mp3 player before i put it in my pocket . but nonetheless , this cord do not last near as long as some of the cheaper headphone i have purchase .
281	Headphone	NEG	1	like many , i like to listen to music while i run . well , it be a little difficult with these . they do not stay in my ear , they be painful when i try to position they correctly -lrb- and i be constantly reposition they as i run -rrb- and the over ear plastic section be uncomfortable as well . i be think about go back to my  nike hj030 vapor sport bud headphone  -lrb- although the plastic break after a year on the nike 's , they be actually comfortable and stay put ! i 'll invest the money and actually send in the warranty this time ! -rrb-
287	Headphone	NEG	1	these bud do not flex at all & be way too big for my average size ear . the sound be okay for the price , but they hurt to use !!
349	Headphone	NEG	1	i use to have a sennheiser pxc 250 , but it break , so i think to have a try at a different brand . after read all the comment about sony mdr-nc40 , i think i should give it a try . i receive the item about three day ago , try it on for one day , and it do not work at all . when i use it on the subway , i could still hear the loud noise ; it work like a pair of cheap ear foam filter but more uncomfortable and way more expensive . the headphone be so tight on my ear that it give i a headache . when i be use it on my laptop to watch video , even when i turn on the noise canceling function , i could still hear the loud noise of the tv and my family talk around i ; i end up have to turn up the volume , and eventually change to a pair of normal headphone , which work the same but have better sound quality . i just want something that be light weighted and actually do the job that it say it do , which be cancel noise . this one totally do not work for i at all . not sure if it be defect or simply not work the way it claim . either way , i be return this item today .
982	Headphone	NEG	2	love ` um ... but the bad : 1 . if you use they with the speaker on at the same time , there be a slight delay in the headset , cause it to seem like a echo . 2 . long term use be not as comfortable as the older style ear-cup on the 120 , 130 model ... ouchie ... achey ear . 3 . must turn transmitter on every time you want to use they . 4 . if you decide to turn they off for a while , you will have to get up out of you comfy chair , and go over to the transmitter unit to turn it back on again ... bummer . 5 . controls , even after memorize they location and position , be very inconvenient , and awkward to use ... difficult to tell which button be which by feel . 6 . balance ? really ? i have no idea why you would want balance on headphone . it do not bother i that they have it ; i figure it would be something i just would not use ... no biggie . but when you accidentally touch it , feel you way around the control , balance get mess up , and you have to re-balance ... annoying feature . the good : 1 . sound be crisp and clear ... very clean sound . and the clear speech thingy actually work ; that be cool too . 2 . except for the ear cup be too small and pinch the ear between the cup and you head , the rest of the shape and mold be quite comfortable ; still do not make up for ear pain though .
28	Headphone	NEG	1	this product be just terrible . they be confuse to set up and once you set they up they hardly work . i have spend copious amount of time look for good headphone and when i get these i have hope this would have be my lucky break , it be not . they have terrible connection , and they do not hug the ear . the constant static noise be unbearable . i think i have spend more time try to tune they than i have be use they . i wish that these headphone be wire there be actually more wire and less freedom involve with this than wire headphone . let i get to the pro and con pro : comfortable wireless battery life con : constant static noise more wire involve do not hug the ear hard to set up short range ambiguous and even incomprehensible instruction battery must be replace tune it be a hassle the major problem be that even if you get the perfect tune there be still a static noise in the backaround
254	Headphone	NEG	1	well as the title say , `` i can not stand these '' . i have use they three time and during all 3 attempt of use , they never stay on my ear . they just keep fall off . i `` m not sure if they be make for giant ear or what but while try to eat lunch and listen to podcast one afternoon , i spend more time put they back on my ear rather eat my burger . with each chew they wiggle a little further off till i have to readjust they every minute -lrb- no lie -rrb- . so unless you have giant ear i would stay away . i cant attest to sound quality because they would not stay on my ear long enough for i to judge . i would however suggest for a few dollar more the philip adjustable earhook headsphone shs4840\/28 . much better and adjustable
63	Headphone	NEG	2	i really want to love these headphone . i have 2 pair of the j3 , and so i already know the fit and sound be both well above average . i pick up these for the sole reason that it have a microphone so that i would not have to unplug my headphone while i be walk to or from my car to the hospital . however , when i be use the mic to talk with people , they be constantly tell i they can not hear i . even hold the microphone right in front of my mouth the person on the other line still have difficulty understand i . give the quality of jlab 's other product , i really expect more from this . if i could return it , i probably would but as of now it be just a paperweight and a waste of money . i 'll definitely be stick to the j3 , but i would recommend that people look elsewhere for a mic\/headphone combination . i know i will be .
537	Headphone	NEG	2	the behind the ear hook be a clear plastic that be really soft and have no real hold and the in the ear part look odd and bulky not the best idea the volume control be nice , and there be good sound
879	Headphone	NEG	2	they do not work . i buy they to use with my tv . the only reception i get be with the radio , and that be not the best reception .
883	Headphone	NEG	1	these be go back to amazon . i have never see such poor sound quality , with no low frequency at all . my wife and i listen to rock music , and occasionally some pop in she case . nothing crazy or extraordinary . there be another review say the wire make a very high noise when rub on clothes or anything , and it be true . i like the idea of braid material on the wire , but it need to be develop , perhaps with teflon coating .
116	Headphone	NEG	1	i be a huge sony guy , but these be some of the worst headphone i have try . the bass be often overwhelming , the construction be shoddy at best , the plastic cheap and uncomfortable , and they be ugly ! they be huge and do not adjust well . the sound switch on the ear be foolish and useless -lrb- make no difference -rrb- . they be extremely uncomfortable , especially on the top of the head . i return these and buy the latest sennheiser hd202 headphone which blow these away for about the same price . buy sennheiser hd202 instead !!! trust i !  sennheiser hd 202 headphone
962	Headphone	NEG	2	these be not very good . i do not like how they fall of my ear so easily . i have to keep push they back in and the sound quality be comprimise .
279	Headphone	NEG	1	the headphone work perfectly the first time i use they . put they back on the cradle to charge . the next time i go to use they , all i get be hissssss . call sennheiser . the problem be everything under the sun ... but the headphone : i do not have the volume turn up loud enough , i apparently be incompetent to scan through the dial from one end to the other , i do not have they plug in correctly , blah blah b ! b ! blah ! be tell to return the product ; would be 2 to 3 week turnaround for either repair or replace . i ship they to sennheiser . no word if they ever receive they . no word if there be a prognosis . no word if there be go to be a fix . no word if and when i might get they back . no word , period ! communication suck ! i email they , get a generic reply state that it would be 4 week turnaround . if you be think you be get these at a good price , tack on a extra $ 9.35 cost to ship they back to sennheiser .
139	Headphone	NEG	2	i have high expectation for these earbud , but to be honest , i get better sound with my stock ipod earbud equip with griffin earjams . the sound on the sennheiser bud be tinny with almost no bass , unless you jam the bud so far into you ear canal that it be about touch you brain . also they have asymmetric cord length , so the right cord be much longer than the left one . it be weird if you be use to the standard setup with both side the same length .
500	Headphone	NEG	2	i have be look for a bluetooth headphone for a while now and when i find the logitech headphone it be the design that i be look for . a small headset that be wireless and it do not look like a studio headset . i get the headset in december and it work well for about 3 week and then develop the crack that other reviewer have describe . i get a replacement headphone and it also develop a crack in less than a week even when i try to be careful when handle it . if it be not for the crack , i would have easily rate the headphone 4 star . amazon be very helpful when i report the problem and i get a full refund after i return the headphone .
518	Headphone	NEG	1	these be just aweful . after about 4 mo , they will not hold onto you head . if you look down while wear they , they will hit the floor . also , if you audio signal go quiet for more than about 30 seconds , you hear a little `` click '' then deafening static hiss . be very dissapointed .
651	Headphone	NEG	1	i have high expectation on these earbud but i be disappoint . first off , the quality of the cable be subpar as they feel cheap . secondly , the sound quality itself be horrible . i use the earbud at the gym and the sound be very low and the quality be minimal at best . then , i try they on my galaxy nexus and again the sound be very low even at the maximum volume level . there be no base at all either . i would not recommend these earbud for anyone . there be no bass whatsoever as well . even the cheap $ 10 skull candy earbud have better sound quality then this .
341	Headphone	NEG	2	i can not say enough bad thing about these if you be go to use they for run . they be make to go on you arm , so one cord be longer than the other . they have a connector half way down that come with a extender enable they to be longer and attach to to you waist , but this make the cord heavy thus pull they out of you ear . because the cord be rubber they also bounce a lot when run . i give they two star since they do come with multiple size piece that fit nicely into you ear . if you be go to sit still when use they they be great . if you be plan on use they actively keep look .
561	Headphone	NEG	2	i do not like this product much . this product do not have good bass and not conformtable as well . hence decide to return this product and go for different one .
390	Headphone	NEG	1	when i receive these earbud , one of they do not work . the one earbud that do work sound no better than the apple earbud that come with all ipod . i would not waste you time with these , i have return mine . amazon do make return easy .
509	Headphone	NEG	2	klipsch make decent audio equipment , there be no deny that . however i be not sure what the design engineer be think when the idea for `` rugged '' headphone come up . there really be nothing rugged about these headphone . when you think rugged you think durable and build to last . the only thing that be rugged about these headphone be the big ass control panel . sure it be large enough so you can precisely control the volume or song selection with glove on if you work on a construction site for example . the problem with the big button be that if you plan on run with these , the control panel be so large that it flop all over the place . yes there be a cord clip include with these so you can clip the cord to you clothes if run but the cord be design in such a way that the control panel be above the clip so it just flop all over loose . this design flaw cause two thing to happen . first when the control panel be flop all over the place the constant tension cause the earbud to come out of you ear . nothing interrupt a good run like earbud constantly fall out . secondly because the control panel be so big and floppy , the result noise from this constant tug tension transfer up the cord to you ear , thus severely drown out you music . so even though you buy good quality earbud , you can not hear they because of this . if the engineer ever try these on before release to the public they must have do so in a non active environment . clearly none of they ever run in they otherwise there be no way they would have be design this way . i would not recommend these for run earbud , i would recommend the bose . they stay in the ear just fine and sound great .
797	Headphone	NEG	1	i get a pair of these purpleicious jbud earlier this month . i love the case and the review be pretty good ... i be happy with they the first time i use they , but the second time one of the earphone have very limited sound come out , if any . i be go to try to get a replacement pair send to i and will update this review base on how that experience go .
738	Headphone	NEG	2	i purchase these , because of the large number of good review . i be quite surprised to find the sound quality poor and the volume low -lrb- compare with my previous pair of $ 12 sony earbud -rrb- . earbud fit be a personal thing and i only write this short note , because my experience be so different than the majority of user .
480	Headphone	NEG	1	this product do just fine as headphone but not noise canceling . i recommend a over the ear product . unfortunately these headphone make i have to buy the bose noise cancel headphone . if this vendor offer another product that be fully over the ear , i would recommend it before i would this pair that just sit on the ear , maybe they would be better then .
524	Headphone	NEG	2	too uncomfortable and hard to hear if there be any outside noise . it would be better if they be smaller and would fit nice and snug inside my ear .
749	Headphone	NEG	1	both be already break i. didnt do . anything to it . but . put it . on and press play the sound . be awsome so . yu think . yu have a good deal but a. 2 week later yu want you money back
623	Headphone	NEG	1	not sure why , give sennheiser 's reputation for \* high quality \* product , but the \* buzz \* from \* two different set of headphone \* for my sennheiser hdr 180 , along with the r 170 backup headset i get really annoy i !! come to find out after wonder why , i twist off the removable earcup -lrb- use to access the battery -rrb- and both the r 180 \* and \* the r 170 have distort diaphragm ! they do not even play that loud , so what be with the low quality ?? pro : + the wireless function actually work con : - pay too much - listen too little - disappointed too much ! verdict : i be return the whole thing plus extra r 170 headphone , not worth the hassle !
121	Headphone	NEG	2	i purchase the koss pro-100 on a whim because the sennheiser that i want be out of stock . i usually do my homework but i trust the review . i be thoroughly disappoint with the lack there of bass response . i be glad i buy these in store because pay return shipping would have anger i immensely . the mid ring and high be average at best . at 79 dollar they be extremely over price for the sound quality that it produce .
689	Headphone	NEG	1	techinically sprake the sound quality of this headphone be good , but my headphone do not work after few day normal usage
909	Headphone	NEG	1	sennheiser use to make excellent product . they `` improve '' they line of wireless rf headphone so that now it be very difficult to use and produce poor sound quality -- and , as a bonus , fail to work at all more often than not . because i be very busy , i keep the product too long to return . i would be please if amazon would let i return it for a refund -- and maybe even help i find one of sennheiser 's old , excellent product .
973	Headphone	NEG	2	one of the end pop out within the first two week , cause my head be too big . i buy these about 5 year ago and never have a problem with they , so i do not know what be change . : -lrb- maybe my head get bigger .
501	Headphone	NEG	2	sound be bad , high break , hollow mid and nonexistent low . fit be ok , i do have to adjust they while i run . i do not recommend they .
573	Headphone	NEG	2	i return these headphone because they be uncomfortable to wear for even a short period of time . i buy another pair of koss ur-40 , because my first set be accidently break . i be go to try another brand have hear sennheiser be a good name , but be not happy with the fit over the ear or how tight they be on my head .
172	Headphone	NEG	2	i have to turn these thing forward at a 45 degree angle from how they be picture to make they hold on to my ear . otherwise the bud do not even rest in place . the audio quality seem fine . before i use they regularly , i just have to decide whether i feel ridiculous go out in public with these thing \* look \* like they be fall out , as it be the only way to actually keep they from do so .
921	Headphone	NEG	2	i be really divide with these headphone . it be vex . on the one hand , the sound quality be phenomenal and probably sound the best out of any headphone that i own . problem be , i can not stand have they on for more than about 15 minute , because they be so uncomfortable . now to be fair , it be rare that any headphone really fit i well . i can not stand earbud , and my face be shape in a way that i have have trouble get most headphone to fit comfortably , especially for long period of use . i have have moderate success with some of the ear clip type though , and the occasional pair of headband or neckband type will fit i well , but usually there will be some minor awkwardness that i have to work around . however , these do not fit well at all . there be far too much pressure on my ear no matter what i try , and to be honest these be likely the most uncomfortable pair of headphone i own . you would think with this level of quality in the sound department , they would have take a bit better into consideration the comfort factor . they be essentially worthless for i since i can not wear they for even short duration without pain from the pressure of they squash against my ears\/temples\/etc . it be too bad really , because they do sound great . i guess it be back to ear clip style headphone for i . if you be like i and tend to have a hard time find headphone that will fit you well , you may want to reconsider before waste you money pick these one up .
421	Headphone	NEG	1	be a christmas gift for we grandson . he open the box , put in the battery , and go to put they on at which time they physically break . do not know if it be from a poor design or flaw , but this be the second review cite such a problem . i have no idea how they actually perform .
596	Headphone	NEG	1	i have own three pair of these earbud for my iphone . the first last for almost a year until the left earbud -lrb- microphone side -rrb- no longer produce sound . think that a year be a decent amount of time for such inexpensive earbud with a mic , i order another pair as replacement . that pair last 4 week before the mic stop work and produce bad static when use the phone -lrb- they still work with the ipod function for some reason -rrb- . amazon be kind enough to send i a new pair ... unforunately those last only 2 day before the same thing happen . i 'll go with a different brand this time .
245	Headphone	NEG	2	i get my first pair a while back , and they be incredible . the sound be amazing , they fit well , and they look awesome . they last about 3 month before the left earbud go silent . at first i would just have to tap the earbud for the sound to come back on , then it just burn out completely . i try to file for a warranty but they would not send i another pair because my earbud have hole in the wire from when my puppy chew they , however , that never effect the sound and do not do any damage because they break 2 month after that . i buy another pair because the cheap headphone i be buy do not measure up to the sound of these , and that pair only last about a month and a half before the headphone jack -lrb- the metal part -rrb- come out . i do not even know how that happen because i never bent the jack . i really wish these last longer , but i still love the sound quality .
168	Headphone	NEG	2	i buy these headphone at a airport electronics store about a year ago . since then they have mainly be use for listen to music when i be at my computer . nothing stressful , no drop or kick , just sit and listen . today i put they on and notice that they be not sit right on my head . i look they over and do not notice anything wrong immediately . i put up with it for a bit until it get worse . i inspect they again and the left side have a big crack just above the left folding joint which mean these be pretty much do for . honestly , i be kind of okay with it because the active noise cancel for these headphone get kind of annoy after a while . it be a much louder hiss than other active noise cancel system i have hear -lrb- my wife have a 2005 era bose active noise cancel headset and i have put on other brand in store to compare since i purchase the able planet can -rrb- . if my problem with these break do not deter you , then the annoying noise cancel probably should . it be really not that great . the sound be good , though . so that be something .
729	Headphone	NEG	2	i buy these think they would be a upgrade earbud set for work out and activity that be not comfortable with my real headphone -lrb- sennheiser can -rrb- . i be not expect audiophile quality , but i be expect a upgrade from the zune earbud , or at least the 3 dollar coby set that i get from fry to thrash around . i be convince that the driver in these meelectronic phone be no better than those in my garbage coby earbud . this would be fine if the cost be similar . but its not , and i feel i have pay a steeper price for the little case and accessory that i do not care about and be gipp on sound quality . the meelectronic phone be way too heavy on the treble , and light on the bass and lower mid response . they seriously sound like tweeter and the response be disturbingly unbalanced and very metallic in the upper range . they sound worse than the bud that come with my zune . with earbud like these , the sound be very dependent on the seal and position in you ear . know this , it be possible that the shape of my ear may be prevent a good seal and thus kill some of the low frequency response . i notice when i push in on the bud it seal better and the low end response improve , but the response still sound mile from flat . you result may vary from mine but i be write this to warn those who know the difference between a reasonably flat response with some character , and one that be lopsided enough to ruin the listen experience . the bud come nicely package with a bunch of extra seal . i must admit that i do not spend much time try the seal out as i be just so disappointed with the overall sound that i be get from these . needless to say , i have use these 2 time and would undo this purchase if i could . i would say these be worth about 6 or 7 bux , and i would still avoid they . i will have to find something else . i would never recommend these to anybody as i be sure there must be bettter alternative in the price range .
337	Headphone	NEG	2	i would have send this back but i need to do some more copying . it be a piece of junk as far as i be concern . a piece of plastic junk hope it last until i be do need it . also the door do not stay closed and once you send the record to i tune that be it it be do . just like everything else these day poorly make and way overprice .
492	Headphone	NEG	2	got this set of bluetooth headset from best buy because i download most of my music wirelessly to my phone of tablet , so now my music be always with i and since these be wireless everything just work out better . for a behind the neck style headset these rocketfish have a excellent fit , very comfortable . i have be look for a new headset for jogging and these seem perfect , no adjusting or fiddle what so ever they stay put and feel great !! the bad part be they sound like a cheap set of headphone , very flat with no low end and even distort when they be try to produce the poor sound weak bass that they do put out . the mid and high range be not bad . if these could produce a wider and more full frequency range they would be fantastic , five star . i dont mean to nit pick but i have to hold my audio gear to high standart weather its home stereo or a set of earbud . i belive poor sound mean poor sound engineering . as i say before i love the fit and functionality of this headset and if they have more low frequency response and less distortion they would be perfect ! sorry to say they have to go back .
785	Headphone	NEG	1	unfortunately the headphone have already stop work . one of the earbud go out completely about 1wk after receive they . the only other problem be that i be assume because of low cost price i do not feel that it be worth with to return it .
424	Headphone	NEG	1	unless you be man with very large ear , these ear hook will do nothing for you . everyone in my office try these on and only a guy with abnormally large ear could keep they on for more than a few seconds .
370	Headphone	NEG	2	i do not know if this be a bad design or i just have my bad luck get a defect one . when i walk around with this stuff on , i can hear a very disturbing noise . later i find out the earphone actually deliver and amplify the friction noise between its cord and the zipper on my jacket to my ear ! you can avoid this problem by be static -lrb- people alive will not always be static -rrb- , or by wear soft material clothing with no zipper . other pro and con . pro : decent sound quality build in volumn contol con : ugly look except the sennheiser brand on it uncomfortable earbud -lrb- too large -rrb-
105	Headphone	NEG	1	upon first impression , i be so happy with these headphone . they look great , feel great , and , for the first few day , work great . even block out all of the obnoxious noise on a airplane and throught the busy street of chicago ! however , within the week of have they , the right ear go out , which really disappoint i . and then , i go to try and call monster , as the instruction that come in the pack say to do for warranty reason , and they line be down - but only do they tell i this after keep i on hold for thirty minute . finally i be able to exchange they out for a new pair . i be weary , but they be work alright upon first test they out . that be , until a day later , when i be just sit at work , listen to pandora , nothing too loud , not move like i be at the gym or anything , and the left earbud go out . really ?! so i be return they for my money back for good now . if they would last , then i would have give these a 5 star review . but alas , that be not the case ... one two pair . odds be against ya , beat .
317	Headphone	NEG	1	i order these on dec 22 , and on feb 15th the right side quit work . i have only ever use these lightly sit at my desk in my office . i try to get assistance from jlabs but they wont provide support without a serial number , which be on the manual instead of the product . -lrb- why would i keep the manual for a set of earbud ? -rrb- i even do the proper recommend burn in . they sound a bit better than the stock ipod earbud -lrb- but not dramatically so -rrb- , but i do like that they noise cancel do work really well . it be nice to have in my busy office . the fact that i cant get assistance for the way these just give out because of not have keep all of the paperwork seem like a way for the manufacturer to use a loophole and avoid stand behind they product . bottom line : while i like they when they be work properly , they be extremely fragile -lrb- or poorly make -rrb- and the company 's product support be lack .
694	Headphone	NEG	1	when you turn on the noise cancel feature you can hear a very low rumble sound . i try these on a airplane and several other white noise environment , like fan blow . when compare these to regular headphone , there be no difference at all . a coworker let i try he bose noise cancel headset and that do make a noticeable difference . the noise cancel feature of these philip headphone appear to be worthless . the comfort and quality of these as just regular headphone be ok , but why would you buy these unless you want the noise cancel feature ?
361	Headphone	NEG	1	i order these headphone despite read poor review of they here . i should have heed the warning ! i think these reveiwer be be picky and they could not be that bad . they be ! the volume control need to be turn way up - past the safety level set for my player - and most annoying , the wire rub and you can hear the crackling sound in you ear . the wire as review , be very thin and i can see they might wear and break in a fairly short time . all in all these headphone stink and sony should be ashamed of themselves for even sell they . i use to buy only sony product , but this allegiance be obviously misplace . do yourself a favor and buy a pair of cheap headphone - you 'll be happier than you will with these .
867	Headphone	NEG	2	i order 2 pair , black\/orange for myself and silver\/green for my wife , as replacement for we ipod earbud -lrb- yes , we be yuppie -rrb- . i have to say , the mdq-q23lp look really cool , as you can probably tell by look at they online . however , that be where the positive aspect end . they be physically uncomfortable . i make sure i put they on right . i can see how i could eventually get use to the jab behind the ear , but why should i. what i could never get use to be the flat sound . i be not expect studio quality out of this design in this price-range but i be neither expect the 2-can , 99-cent store , flatness . play with the eq on the ipod help somewhat , but not very much . finally , i can not stand it when i can hear people 's music through they earphone over the subway noise , 12 foot away . i do not mean the tsk-tsk-tsk or a occasional sax . i mean when you can actually hear the lyric . i think mdq-q23lp be one of those headphone . i do all sort of sound test and even at half the volume -lrb- much too quiet for my taste -rrb- they be extremely noisy on the outside . again , i be not expect the type of sound isolation you get out of earbud or the noise-cancelling headphone , but give i a break ... these baby give the term `` share music '' a new meaning . i 'll let my wife deside about she pair , but i be send mine back . too bad , they look great -lrb- hence 2 star -rrb- .
791	Headphone	NEG	1	arrive on-time however the right headphone be completely dead . do not bother on buy these . i guess that be why these 80 dollar headphone be list for 50 dollar off ... seem like good constuction but if they do not work , what be the point .
239	Headphone	NEG	2	i buy these to wear while work out and like they until i start sweating and immediately the shock start . every 10-20 seconds a small yet very annoying electric shock will zap the top of you ear , render they useless for workout . they be fine for other use , just do not sweat in they .
926	Headphone	NEG	2	after have these headphone for about a year , yesterday they break when i simply take they off my head ! i only use they for gaming at home . they do sound good , but for the price of these headphone , they should be make of better material . do a google search and you 'll find other who be headphone have also break . i 'll never buy another pair of bose headphone again .
882	Headphone	NEG	2	i be one of those people who can not wear earbud . my left ear opening be apparently too big to hold one in , and my right ear barely get by . i buy these hope i could wear they while jogging . however , the hook over the ear be too loose , and gravity be not enough to hold they on , and i swear i do not have a bouncy stride . i can wear they around the house , but that be it .
72	Headphone	NEG	2	i really want to give these headphone a better rating but they be fall apart after one year 's use and be in imminent need of be replace . here be the pro 's and con 's as i see it . pro : 1 . great sound output for a earbud headphone . you will not these decibel level from ipod earbud . 2 . ear insert be comfortable , exchangeable and replaceable . 3 . actually have some amount of bass lead to a fairly rich sound . -lrb- see con for more -rrb- 4 . come with all size of earbud so you can try they on to see which you like best . con : 1 . severe durability issue . i use these earbud while run , cycling , rock climbing , and more and after a year of use -lrb- 1 calendar year as of one week ago -rrb- , the left earbud be hang by a thread . i have use ipod earbud as well as one design for run and they be still in great shape year later at do not cost $ 90 . 2 . the high end in these get really tinny at time . most earbud be great at high frequency and bad at low . these be the exact opposite . i like to listen to jazz when the mood strike i . bass line be rich . the horn and sax can be unbearable at time . bottom line : for casual music listener who do not expose they earbud to a active lifestyle , these headphone be a solid choice . if you be very active and demand durability from you earbud , you may want to look elsewhere .
611	Headphone	NEG	1	the headphone stop work after my 3rd or 4th run . i shorten the wire and use only the top half . i find that i really like the short cord and do not worry about the broken bottom half of the cord . i suffer a personal set back and be not able to exercise or use the headphone for several month . i recently start use the headphone again and after another 4 run , they be indeed break . i try they on other music player and still get nothing . i contact the seller and they say i be out of the 3 month warrenty . i be hope they could\/would be willing to fix or exchange my headphone . -lrb- not really one to spend this much money on headphone -rrb- . they do not even entertain any notion of compensation . how come the consumer can not have a policy ? my policy be a set of headphone should last longer than 10 use or 6 month . i live in a dream world i guess .
252	Headphone	NEG	1	purchase two of these for wife and myself . mine for use with iphone4 and wife 's for ipad . niether will stay extend , they snap back to store position . way too short unless you be to carry iphone \/ ipad in you shirt pocket . lol impossible to use when they snap back to stow position , they sound fine if you want to manually keep they extend and chance lose a eye on snap back .
727	Headphone	NEG	2	see all of the great review and get these recommend by a friend , i decide to buy they . i be very disappointed when i plug they in and listen to they . there be almost no bass on these headphone . these headphone have very good treble tone and you can hear every detail of what you be listen to . they be also comfortable . but there be very very weak bass . this be the case when plug they into my computer , my turntable , and my guitar amp -lrb- even while i be play a bass with the bass knob all the way up and everything else down -rrb- , so i think i have to blame it on the headphone . i will be return these headphone and look for a new pair .
67	Headphone	NEG	1	i buy this product as a christmas gift for my wife . it work perfectly for a couple of week and then suddenly the transmitter start work only intermittently , often not at all . i would not buy this product again or recommend it . i definitely have buyer remorse about this purchase . grrrrr .
157	Headphone	NEG	1	i buy 2 pair of these for my 3 year old granddaughter to use while watch dvd in we sienna minivan . both set quit within 2 week of purchase . we be now use the one that come with the van by roll up a washcloth around the top to make they fit better . too bad there be not any other one available that will fit kid small head . i would give these a zero instead of a 1 if i could . do not waste you money .
964	Headphone	NEG	2	i buy these headphone less then 4 week ago and have use they moderately since then . a few day ago i notice that a piece of the lock clip on the top of the headphone have break and today i go to unfold they and the whole lock clip break ! the noise cancel ability of these headphone be great for the price and with a decent battery you can get more than 24 hour of use from they . i have never drop they or do anything that would compromise the integrity of the plastic . so that lead i to believe that the plastic that they use to make they must be of a very low quality . the best noise cancel in the world be useless if you can not wear the headphone that have it .
574	Headphone	NEG	2	the headphone work really well out of the box , with better sound quality than the earbud that come with the iphone . however , i experience malfunction of the volume control after a indoor run on the treadmill -lrb- 10k -rrb- ; perhaps some moisture get into the wiring ? after dry , it again become functional . a rather unexpected problem , since one of the tout quality be water resistance . outdoor running do not seem to cause the same problem . it happen again after a shorter run -lrb- 5k -rrb- , again on the treadmill indoors . i guess the sweat get into the control stick and temporarily render it nonfunctional . overall , i get less than what i expect from a rather pricy headset .
510	Headphone	NEG	1	poor quality , do not fit a tall person -lrb- 6 ' 6 '' -rrb- lose sound just move away from transmitter . headset hard to replace on charger . wish i could get my money back on these . these be not a better idea from sony for sure !! i would not give it 1 star except amazon require you to rate it , how about allow half a star ?
767	Headphone	NEG	1	it may just be the specific pair i receive but the construction quality of these headphone be terrible . the play\/pause button on my headset be already break upon arrival and the call button break after a few hour of light use . they be very comfortable though .
595	Headphone	NEG	1	this radio be total poop ! it work great for 2 month , and then all of a sudden , the slightest breeze would cause the thing to shut off . at first it would turn back on and if i be able to hit the lock switch before it shut off it would stay on ... until i want to change the station and have to unlock the darn thing and `` poof '' go . after a couple of day of these shenanigan , it would shut off as soon as i turn on it on , lock trick or no lock trick . end of the tune , done ! and to think , i be anti-sony !!! panasonic be a good name but i will not buy anything they make anymore . i buy a phone from they that come with a faulty battery , return it twice and finally buy a good battery and it be work great ever since but come on !!! the thing be brand new !!!
713	Headphone	NEG	1	i be think that a 900mhz wireless headphone would at least equal the sound quality of a cheap , generic 900mhz phone . nope , not even close . while the headphone be comfortable , and look pretty snazzy , this thing contain a lot of static . it will also intermittently pause and zone out , no matter how close you be to the antenna . the range be a joke . after 20 foot , it 'll basically turn on and off . it be just a terrible product , and the only benefit i get be the knowledge that rca actually have the gall to release such a shoddy product , so i can avoid that company from now on .
899	Headphone	NEG	2	i think that these earphone would just sit outside you ear so that you can hear what be happen around you as well as you music . that be not true with this particular earphone , the speaker be perpendicular to the hook which go around you ear , so the small part must be put in you ear canal to be comfortable . these earphone be great sound , but beyond that i can not wear they for more than a half a hour at a time . the piece that must sit within you ear canal to get good sound be very large , and if you have small ear like i do it will stretch and pull you ear . i do like that you do not have to turn the volume up much to hear what you be listen to well . you can also turn the volume up very high and use they as speaker on you desk , but that do sort of defeat the purpose of earphone . good for some people , but terrible for i .
238	Headphone	NEG	2	i do not realize that these earbud come with a j style cord . everytime i wear these , the weight of the cord and or any jostle or turn of my neck cause the earbud on the short cord to pull out of my ear since the main cord hang directly in line with it . good fit in the ear and good sound but the cord be a loser and i will be replace these with something else . update -lrb- 06\/2011 -rrb- : after use these heavily for several month to listen to music on my phone while walk the cord eventually fail right at the head set side of the plug , sever one of the wire . i replace these with pair of klipsch ear bud and have have zero problem with they . they be a standard y cord and the cord be longer as well .
598	Headphone	NEG	1	a terrible disappointment . jvc product have perform well for i in the past . my familiarity with the brand , and the reasonable price , prompt my purchase of these headphone . they awful performance be a surprise and a shock to i . when i stand or sit within 2 to 3 foot of the transmitter , the headphone sound great . from 4 to 6 foot , there be a annoying hiss . from 6 to 12 foot i could still hear the music but the noise be awful -- totally unacceptable . any greater distance than that and the noise be so loud it completely drown out the music . maybe the headphone i receive be defective , but they be absolutely useless to i . i return they to amazon immediately . amazon handle the return and refund to my credit card promptly . great company to do business with . but in this case , the product be substandard .
353	Headphone	NEG	2	these headphone be definitely a bottom tier set . the frequency response be poor at both end of the spectrum and everywhere in between . the sound reproduction quality be muddy . they distort badly at a relatively low volume . they still beat ear pod which for i , be a abomination . keep a set handy for those time when you other be break or `` lose '' somewhere in you home or auto .
903	Headphone	NEG	1	there be a very annoying hum sound that it make it difficult to hear . also , one side of the headphone would not work . i have to return the headphone to amazon . it appear other be also experience the hum problem . i would not recommend these headphone .
704	Headphone	NEG	2	purchase these headphone after be impress by the great review . however , i be very disappoint by the high-frequency response , or lack thereof . ultimately be so disappointed that i return they .
837	Headphone	NEG	1	these headphone break when i be change the tip on they . they be not very durable . the plastic be thin and cheap . also there be this piece of plastic stick out of it that stab you ear . it hurt quite a bit . this be a mistake , luckily they be not that expensive . not recommend .
350	Headphone	NEG	1	i run . i sweat . i be not be pay by philips corporate headquarters to write this review . i too have spend somewhere in the hundred try to find that perfect , do not slide out of my ear after a mile , with good sound quality headphone . well sadly enough , these be not it . the sound be embarrassing -lrb- which be not why i buy they -rrb- , the headphone start to slide as soon as you be ready to run some distance , and you might be think : how do a pair of headphone slide when they be ear clip on ? low and behold , this set have manage to do so . and once they have start to slip , it be over ... it be all over . in my experience , there be no way to get they comfortably back on , even if you have dry they . the sound be even worse than before if i even bother to dry they mid-run , they wont fit snug again in my ear if they have to be take off mid-run , and they have this ridiculously long cord , long enough to hang myself out of frustration . i always know philips make crap electronics , but i be willing to try anything , i have about ten or fifteen pair and they be all lame . the best pair i have have , have be a sony pair , that be not even sport edition , or waterproof , or anything -lrb- they be however expensive -rrb- . if you be consider buy this product , i would keep look , there be better choice out there , although more expensive ... consider what you will spend on this pair and then another pair , and spend about that amount to begin with . or just by a pair of cheapo skull candy headphone , they be about as sport friendly as these . good luck . sorry philip , i have to tell the truth .
74	Headphone	NEG	2	i receive these headphone after the cheap-o one i grab for $ 7 finally break . i think from all the positive review and detailed description these would be a great buy for the price . wrong . day two after get they in the mail the left earbud die for no reason . the only way i can get it to work be to wiggle the base . these touch no water . they be not even drop . what a disappointment ... other than this issue , the ear bud be not even well design . despite the nice case they give you and different size headphone , these do not transmit sound in a efficient manner . the squishy bud piece get in the way , and do not form a clear tunnel for sound to travel without you have to twist it around in you ear for several minute . in conclusion , these be altogether much more aggravation than they be worth . do not buy these , you be better off with the crappy apple one believe it or not .
726	Headphone	NEG	2	these would get 4 star if not for the large blinking light on the right headphone . read other review i think this be a bluetooth-only light , and that it could be disable by some button gymnastics . not the case for the red light on the normal headphone . this be not just a simple led , the entire circle-cross pattern you see in the photo light up , flash every couple seconds not in a subtle way . if i be sit next to someone wear these on a plane i would ask they to turn off the blinky light . it be that annoy . i do not think i should have to annoy people when listen to music . electrical tape do a good job cover it up , if you do not mind put electrical tape on you new expensive headphone . for i i be afraid they be go back . otherwise , decent headphone , good nc , and comfortable .
342	Headphone	NEG	1	to keep it short , form the begin the sound be low quality with high tremble . after use the headphone for three day one side stop work . i be disgusted , not even worth the hassle of return . truely , loyal amazon shopper .
819	Headphone	NEG	1	yay ! i get it ! i plug it in , turn it on and crystal clear i can hear my neighebor on the left hand side talk about he will with he attorney on one channel , and my neighbor on the right hand side orderede capri in khaki on the other channel . perfect ... except i want to hear my music . i think it be in the next channel but can not tell for sure under all that static . 1 star for get my neighbor chordless phone , that may come in useful to someone sometime . the headphone be comfortable and light . battery be contain within the headphone , so you have to replace battery every so often . static be huge issue , i can barely hear what i be suppose to hear and i be stand right over the base . the base also very light , do not even feel substantial enough to transmit anything .
857	Headphone	NEG	2	these headphone sound pretty good , but it be difficult to analyze they very extensively before you head start throb from the impressive , but painful amount of pressure . i think maybe i just have a massive , sensitive head until i notice this be mention in many other review . the advice to stretch they out on a couch arm or basketball be good if you be already stick with they and have to make it work , but i would think the average consumer would want to avoid this if there be lower maintenance headphone option .
382	Headphone	NEG	2	i travel a lot and find the noise cancelling quality acceptable consider that you be not cover you entire ear . i would agree with those reviewer that the ear plug can get uncomfortable . my biggest complaint be with the product quality . one set last 11 month and the replacement set last 93 day -lrb- 3 day past the warranty -rrb- . in both case one of the earplug quit work . sony quote i $ 85 dollar to fix !!! look for a replacement ...
305	Headphone	NEG	2	the bonging sound noise when you use the + volume control - be very annoying and it drive me nuts . now i do not use the headset volume + when i want to increase the volume - i have resort to have to use the ipod volume control - this be annoying also since i be suppose to be able to use the headset control . maybe i be just too picky .
716	Headphone	NEG	1	i use this item one time , i go to grab they today and plug they in to use for the 2nd time and the right side do not put out any sound ... after the 1st use they work fine , and be keep in a plastic container , for future use . . now when i want to use they , they be broken and junk !!!!!!
208	Headphone	NEG	2	i do lot of cycling as well as weight training and always use earbud to help the time pass . i have 5 different set of bud and this panasonic set be my least favorite . the high be clear and well define but they have zero and i mean zero bass . all four of my other bud have better bass response although all be not as clear . if you really like treble with little bass these be the bud for you but if you like metal or rock these be weak . i do like the ear piece as they do stay put , just can not listen to the `` tinny '' sound these produce .
25	Headphone	NEG	1	this be my first post on amazon and i often read all of the review before purchase . omg , these headphone be very overatted and i be not understand the other reviewer comment about how superior they be . the speaker be cheap , sound be no better than a $ 25.00 set . i guess if you want to be associate with gaga then buy they , otherwise seriously consider another brand . i waste my time , please dont do the same . these be a valentine present to my wife and i be embarrassed that i give they to she as we listen to the cheap headphone compare to the $ 100 one and think the cheap one beat the gaga 's out .
210	Headphone	NEG	2	what incredible sound ! crisp , clear , beautiful range between high and low . if only i could tolerate the way they feel on my head . the ear cup feel and fit just fine . the problem be the headband . as i hold it , it seem to be pad very well , but when i place the headphone on my head , it feel like a heavy piece of plastic rest on my bare skull . -lrb- \* note to reader : between the plastic of the headband and my actual skull be the headband padding , my scalp , and a full head of hair . -rrb- i try adjust the headband , and shift around the way they sit on my head , but i could never get comfortable . it be really too bad , because they be probably the greatest sound set of headphone i have ever worn . i just can not stand to wear they .
690	Headphone	NEG	1	i be mis-led into believe i coul extend my headset and boon to this adapter and all would be fine . nope . only audio be convert . fortunately the cost be little to nothing . but its worth nothing to i so i still lose something .
924	Headphone	NEG	1	i be sorely disappoint with these earphone . at first i be pretty excite about they ; they seem to be work great -- i buy they to replace a pair of ifrogz earphone that suddenly stop work . after about two month i start have the same problem with these as i do with my previous earphone . i have music on , and midsong , the earphone stop work . i could hear the music fine , but the singer be so fade out that i could not even hear the word . it sound almost like i be listen to someone sing underwater . this be the same thing that happen with my last earphone . i be very upset that i spend the money on these only to have they break on i . i would not recommend buy these .
204	Headphone	NEG	2	well like a lot of the other folk who have post , this be a really great service . i be surprised there be not more product on the market like this . the manufacturing and design of the headphone however be severely lack . after only have this product for 5 month , the back of the headphone have crack . i just get off the phone with the customer service folk and as long as you have the receipt they be refund money and not replace they at all . i think there be too many fundamental flaw with the design .
834	Headphone	NEG	2	ugghhh i buy these to replace my broken sony mdr-888 and they be horrible . it can not handle bass whatsoever . it have very shallow bass and plenty of high frequency . i be return these immediately .  i hate to admit it but i switch back to my old ipod headphone because it sound better - believe it or not .  they fit nice and snug but the sound be nothing compare to my old headphone .
866	Headphone	NEG	2	there be just something about these headphone that do not sound right to i . i have another pair of throw-away earbud from skullcandy and those sound a lot better . i be hope that i would like it as it be a good price point but it look like i 'll be donate it to goodwill soon . : \
460	Headphone	NEG	2	these may have be defective , i be not sure , but they do not do the job . i try to contact the seller twice for a refund and never receive a response . amazon do refund my money however .
560	Headphone	NEG	2	someone give i a cheap pair of noise cancel headphone from radio shack , and i figure i could do better , so i buy these jvc headphone . the retractable cord be a big selling point , and i do like that feature a lot , although it be very hard to find the switch when you be ready to retract the cord . i also want smaller earphone , and several people mention these be good for smaller ear -lrb- which mine be -rrb- . i find these to be very uncomfortable . they be bigger and clunkier than the radio shack headset i have , and they be really tight . they really pin my outer ear down -- i could not find a way to adjust they that make they feel any better . the noise reduction feature do work pretty well . no complaint about that . i play a dvd on the plane and could hear even the softest dialogue just fine -lrb- with the volume turn all the way up -rrb- . however , they be not significantly better than my cheaper headphone in that regard . because of the discomfort and overall `` clunkiness , '' i be return these headphone .
776	Headphone	NEG	2	i want to write a review for people to know what they be get when buy these earphone . there be no actual speaker that produce sound . it be vibration . yes they vibrate you ear , and that be what you experience . you ear shake and tickle . it take more power to operate vibrator than speaker , they be not loud at all . you be not hear music , but feel the music . in my opinion this be more of a toy then a useful device . i listen to pineapple rumble k bone conduction headphone for about two minute and i could not take the vibrate any more . i be go to keep they just so i can show to anyone who want to see the weirdest earphone in the world . and no way they could be worth the msrp . mabe $ 5.00 at most .
603	Headphone	NEG	1	these headphone sound so great for the price and that be why i be so bummed to have to send they back for the 3rd time . i have have 3 pair break on i now and i be tempt to ask for a replacement instead of a refund again because i love the way they sound so much . they customer service be great too by the way . suck that the headphone quality be so lack .
519	Headphone	NEG	1	the headphone have great sound but the internal bracket that slide to adjust to size crack with just regular use and break within a month of buy the product new ... we have another skullcandy headphone that have be fine for month ... not sure if this be a problem of this model or we just get a faulty pair ... but it stink ...
783	Headphone	NEG	2	i must say that the sound quality of this phone be really good . however , when it come down to comfort this headphone be anything but comfortable . if you be a runner that like to run for 1-2 hour and listen to music then i do not recommend this headphone . not sure if the people who give this a 5-star rating have ever use this headphone , because once you use it for more than 30 minute you ear will start burn . the headphone be strong , but that make it rough on the ear . i be actually search for a better heaphone -lrb- perhaps a sennheiser that will satisfy all need -rrb- as i be write this review .
516	Headphone	NEG	2	pro : - around the head design prevent `` headphone hair '' . - okay for casual listen where volume level be low . con : - sound be below par , equivalent to cheapie headphone . distortion at moderate bass and volume level . - noise canceling be mostly non-existent . it drown out about 50 % of the hum of a loud computer fan . do not noise-cancel anything else . - the noise cancel `` stick '' be huge . it measure 5 `` x0 .75 '' -lrb- lxw -rrb- . - the ear hook start to irritate after prolonged use . comment : if you be look for quality sound and noise canceling , move along , these headphone be not for you . they be okay for casual , at the office-type , low-volume , without the worry of headphone hair listen .
878	Headphone	NEG	2	i buy this headset primarily for use with a laptop run windows 7 . i be tire of bulky cord tie i down to a otherwise very mobile computer . the quick version be this : i do not recommend this product . design \/ quality + + + the headset seem sturdy , and come with a nice , and fairly compact semi-rigid carry case . materials be good . + + + device be inexpensive , definitely a plus . -- the set be very uncomfortable . it pinch the top of the ear tight . i have have other headphone with this design that be much more comfortable . -- the length of the behind-the-head portion of the set can not be adjust . if you be sit down -lrb- for example , use this with a phone in a car -rrb- you 'll find yourself jut you head forward because the back of this headset hit the seat . very uncomfortable . reception \/ technical + + + the bluetooth signal be good , and pick up immediately by my computer . i experience no interruption or interference . -- this headset do not work with window 7 out of the box . the manual have setup instruction for window , but i be confuse that there be step i be not see when i follow along . it turn out that right in the middle of the instruction , in small print , you be direct to the manufacturer 's website to purchase additional accessory -lrb- dongle -rrb- which be require to pair this device with a laptop , even if you computer have build in bluetooth . -- 3rd party bluetooth software will recognize this device as a generic headset and will pair with it , but most cost money -lrb- most be more than the headset itself -rrb- . + + + when listen to music -lrb- phone , computer , etc -rrb- the sound quality be stereo and excellent . quite impressed for such a small , inexpensive device . + + + people comment that the mic sound loud and clear . -- when use this as a full headset -lrb- talk to other people with it -rrb- the sound become mono and the quality drop very noticeably . i be not a audiophile , but this sound be jarringly bad , . it be enough to distract i from what i be hear . i try numerous workaround but could not get high quality sound while use the mic . in conclusion , i be return this headset because it will not work for my laptop , the main reason i purchase it . that the instruction walk you halfway through setup before tell you to buy additional accessory and\/or software be very annoying , almost deceptive . even for a phone or other bluetooth device i would not recommend this product . the headphone be very uncomfortable , much tighter on the ear than similar design that i have own . the headband stick out from the back of you head significantly , and the whole setup can get knock off you ear easily , despite how tight it clamp .
42	Headphone	NEG	1	i would not recommend this product for several reason . first , it be very inconvenient to install or remove the battery . second , it be very cumbersome to line up the connector on the headset with its mate on the charge stand . and lastly , the maximum volume obtainable on the headset be too low even with the battery fully charge .
135	Headphone	NEG	2	i review many source before i purchase the koss sportapro stereo headphones but the headphone be over rate . they be uncomfortable and sound quality be nothing spectacular . the metal band that surround you neck , to provide the sport set-up , never perform in a satisfactory manner . find another product to purchase if you be look for a comfortable headphone with better sound .
635	Headphone	NEG	2	i receive this item rather fast , honestly forget i even order it . i do not know if i should trust it or not consider other review i have see about it . i open the package , connect it and hope for the best and to my surprise it work as expect . i could pause , play , shuffle , go to next , previous , etc. , all with the exception of the volume control because i be use it on a android device . i be happy with it initially but i know something be go to go wrong the moment i touch it . the build on the adapter be not all that great . the line feel weak and flimsy but the button all seem solid enough . i know from the start that i have to take good care of it to avoid it break but even my extreme caution could not help it from break . two day after i receive it the line come to the point where i have to turn it to the perfect angle to get good audio out of it and avoid move it at all cost . that be the problem though , you have to move the adapter in order to use the function -lrb- volume , play , pause , etc. -rrb- after a while no matter what angle i would turn it too all i could hear be faint screech . i figure i get what i pay for and toss it in the pile of worthless thing . my advice would be to look for a better product out there and avoid this one if possible . i give it two -lrb- 2 -rrb- star simply because it do what it be suppose to do but the lifespan be incredibly bare . with that be say i hope you do the smart thing and look past this item . i be pretty sure there be greater product out there that be well worth the price .
455	Headphone	NEG	2	the lack of detail be annoy with these headphone . . a example would be while listen to a acoustic jazz album it be almost impossible to differentiate the cymbal from the rest of the instrument . .
705	Headphone	NEG	1	i just send these back and order the 170 . there be way too much hissing . it be extremely annoying . i try switch channel a million time , move the base , etc. . occasionally it would work and i would have great sound for a minute , but then come the hissing . i really hope the 2.4 ghz of the 170s do not have this problem .
403	Headphone	NEG	1	title say it all . they last a month and , as other user have notice , they make noise whenever you move . every step i take could be hear through the headphone . would not recommend .
628	Headphone	NEG	1	my son use these at we local library , where we assume that they have experience a lot of wear and tear . within a couple of time of my son wear they , one of the earphone pad have come off , and would not stay on . give the size of the pad , and how hard the earphone be without the pad , they would have be too uncomfortable to wear without both pad . i guess that we could have glue it back on , but , we be not impress by the fit , either . we end up buy the `` kidz gear wired headphones '' , and have be much happier with they .
754	Headphone	NEG	2	over the past 5 year , i have own 6-7 different pair of earbud headphone range in price , and decide to buy the jlab j3m base on positive review , price and a desire to have a good pair of earbud with a build in microphone . after a few month of ownership , at this price point , i would say that the j3m be decent in term of sound quality -lrb- some fit issue aside -rrb- , but have other issue which would make i not a repeat purchaser . - the first pair i receive break on the second day -lrb- the earbud\/speaker separate from the plastic cone\/casing , disconnect the wire -rrb- . however , i be thrill with jlab 's customer service , as they replace the earphone free of charge and very quickly . that kind of service score bonus point with i and assist my impression of jlab . - for the most , these headphone be as advertise . the sound quality be decent , but the design of the earbud make it difficult to get the right in-ear seal necessary to get the best sound . have own lot of earbud over the year , i have be familiar with the different type of attachment , but the issue be more with the length of the earpiece itself . the piece that the earbud attach to be too short , and even with the right attachment will not allow itself to be positioned properly\/deep enough for the best-sounding seal . while everyone 's ear be different -lrb- and i prefer a earbud that can be place deep in the ear -rrb- , i have not have success with this pair . when the bud be hold into the ear , you can get close to the right seal , and the sound , in my opinion , be slightly better than the sony $ 40ish earbud , but not as good as the shure e2c or the etymotic er6us . on the positive side , the cable feel sturdy and do not get tangled easily . no issue there so far . - the microphone do not work on my set . i be not sure whether it be because i have a iphone 4 and there be some compatibility issue , but when plug into the iphone , call be distorted and people i be speak to can not hear i . when i disconnect the headphone and speak into the phone itself , the same call be perfect -lrb- so it be not a iphone 4 reception issue or anything like that -rrb- . since i have already have to replace one set , i be not bother to replace this pair in the hope that the mic will work . overall , i think this set be decent in term of sound quality , but i would not buy another pair if my current set break . i feel like other product at a similar price might be a better option . i have find the etymotic er6us to have the highest sound-quality and best fit of the recent pair i have own , though the cable be thin and break after less than a year of use . the shure e2c be also a good pair both in term of sound and construction , but one earbud break randomly with no apparent damaging . that be say , i would most likely try another shure product or another manufacturer before go back to jlab .
140	Headphone	NEG	1	i be not sure if it be because i live in a appartment building or because i have power line outside my living room window -lrb- i live on the 2nd floor so they be right at my level -rrb- or if people in my neighborhood use a lot of 900mhz phone but the sound quality be simply awful . my only purpose be to be able to play game on my xbox without bother anybody else so i be not even talk about a audiophile seek crystal clear and rich sound , a decent sound clarity would have enough for i . sit no more than 7ft from my tv , sound get cut-off and the static go from bad to unbearable when you adjust the dial on the base . same result with regular tv broadcast and when plug into my laptop playing music . i do not know if the product be bad or if my environment make it work poorly but if you be consider this brand\/model make sure you have the ability to return it ! i guess i 'll go back to my previous solution : standard headphone with a 15ft extension cable , which be fine since i do not need to be move around .
800	Headphone	NEG	2	the product be easy to set up and operational within minute . despite some background static that be always present , even after tuning , the unit work okay for several day until it stop work while i be watch tv . after hear heavy static , i notice that the green base light be no longer on . as soon as the headphone be unplugged from the tv , the green light come back on and the unit work again for a few minute then go out again ; this reoccur several time . perhaps there be a electrical shortage in the base unit . i be research other model and brand for a replacement . i be glad that amazon have a easy postage-free return policy .
158	Headphone	NEG	2	i buy my sennheiser in july 2011 and i be write in april 2012 . i have use these headphone on a almost aily basis in the gym and on plane and train . the sound quality be reasonable but be better with the noise cancel turn on . they sound distinctly flat when use without the noise canceling . the noise cancellation introduce a low volume hiss if it be use without a sound source . overall the best sound quality be achieve use the noise cancel turn up to the max and adjust volume on my mp3 player . the battery life of the nc be reasonable too . i never like the way they fold and most of the time do not fold they . i have give these a score of two star because they have break . the right hand speaker now only emit the occasional thump leave the left hand side in perfect work order . this be not relate to the cable as waggle they do not change a thing . so half my headphone have die within one year of use . these be not baby but nor be they abuse . i would like to recommend they but at full price i feel that they fragility let they down . i be glad i buy a extended warranty ...
990	Headphone	NEG	1	delivery date be dec 20 . no sign of it and no option to contact the seller on my account . help ?
930	Headphone	NEG	2	the only good thing of this product be the reasonable price , and the case go with it . the sound quality , as many people mention in the review , it very poor . you have to turn on the noise cancel function to hear a bearable sound , which be ridiculous . do not even mention the noise canceling , since it be not effective at all . i use it on two flight , and it only reduce about 20 % of the engine noise . it be way worse than the bose one , but consider the price , it make sense ... i do not recommend this product .
798	Headphone	NEG	1	overprice , overpackage and very uncomfortable . i be almostinsult at how bad they be . with all the other hassle , i do not even care if they sound good . asseble the earpiece be like do brain surgery . lame . you can do way better for much less money . try jbud for 20 $ .
809	Headphone	NEG	1	i will update\/edit this review when i actually get a chance to test the product , but my first response be this : i be bum that they do not come with a case . i spend a long time do side-by-side comparison of a bunch of earphone include denon , sennheiser , klipsch , skullcandy and jlabs . i end up settle on the j3 because of the review and the case -lrb- sorry , but i need one and it be include -rrb- . at the last minute , i decide to upgrade to the j3m with the microphone . in a flurry of comparison , my head be spin and i do not realize i be sacrifice the case for the microphone . i assume that the microphone be what i be pay extra for , and that everything with the j3 would be include with the j3m . but , you know what they say about people who assume ... i 'll edit this review once i get a chance to burn they in and put they through they pace . but they be start out behind the eight ball ... update : i have have these play all day , not the full burn-in time require , so i will give they the benefit of that for now . however , as i be listen , i have put it through it be pace . miles davis , the head and the heart , apocalyptica , and alexi murdoch among other . probably more acoustic than anything else , though -lrb- which be my genre of choice -rrb- . twice , when a great song come on that i want to rock out to -lrb- big parade by the lumineers and 99 problem by hugo -rrb- , i crank the volume only to cringe and immediately turn it back down again . the word that come to mind be `` muddy '' . it be as if they be try to add bass where it do not exist and then it just clog up you ear at the slightest hint of it when it be really there . so here 's my thought right now : if you think kanye be `` rap '' and nickleback be `` rock '' , and you be afraid of jazz because you only know kenny g , then these be the earphone for you . the great news for you be , nothing will make you music sound better , so just get these and be happy . but if you really enjoy quality music , and want to hear it as it be intend , then keep look . you will not find they here with a $ 25 pair of sub-par earphone that distort when you turn you volume up half way . spend the extra money and be happy . i know that be what i be go to do . the sad truth be , i leave tomorrow on a business trip , so these will unfortunately have to do for now . i will give they they ample burn-in time -lrb- which will include plug they into my laptop and let they run through the burn-in sound loop on jlab 's website for the next week as i sleep -rrb- . who know , maybe a miracle will happen and they will become worth keep at the end of that . stay tune , and i will let you know ... update -lrb- again -rrb- : okay , i have own these a month and i have to say they be the worst headphone i have ever own . the `` muddiness '' that i first write about have not go away . some song sound decent , other hurt my ear ; nothing have improve . not only that , but if you wear these while you be move -lrb- and let 's be honest , who sit dead still to listen to music ? -rrb- , the rub resonate through the wire and can drown out the music . i wear these for my commute and while i be walk i have have to run they up through my jacket to try and limit the amount of movement . whatever the coating on the wire do to try and make it difficult to tangle -lrb- difficult , not impossible -rrb- , it end up conduct the sound of the friction quite loudly . and , last but not least , the rubber cord wrap where the wire and the plug meet be already show sign of crack -- which i be sure be only a indicator of the overall build quality of these `` quality '' headphone . to top it all off , i log in today to find out how i could return these and get my money back , and it seem as if i miss my 30 day free return mark by one day . so i can either take a loss on they and get a partial return credit as well as pay to send they back , or i can count my loss , give up , and stop expel unecessary energy on money poorly spend . here 's my advice : spend another $ 20 -lrb- or more -rrb- and get something much better . you will not be sorry . and to think , all this negative energy start because a carry case be not include . i wonder if i would have think differently if it have . oh well , you only get one chance to make a first impression and it be safe to say jlab more than blow they opportunity with i ...
588	Headphone	NEG	2	the headphone be fine . the microphone be awful . it twist away easily and really do not have enough heft to work unless you hold the piece up to you face while talk . it be a real disappointment . note the audio control do not work on my android phone or macbook , which i think be suppose to have the same control as a iphone . you may want to double-check its compatibility with you phone .
39	Headphone	NEG	1	i have be look for a adapter for my 3.5 headphone to fit my 2.5 jack on my phone for a while now so , when i find this for 61 cent and no shipping needless to say i jump at the chance ... well it arrive on time and be as describe appearance wise ... it fit my headphone and it fit my phone but it do not work ... oh well , you get what you pay for i guess ...
642	Headphone	NEG	1	i receive in plenty of time , i buy two . one make a humming noise , the other pick up cell phone and radio signal . i contact the seller and be tell i would receive instruction on send the 2 item back . i never receive these instruction . . i want to return both of the headphone .
687	Headphone	NEG	2	you would imagine this one should be better than the original one , but in fact , the noise cancellation be so poor my wife instantly decide to return it . bose qc 15 be more expensive , but it do a much better job cancel the noise .
456	Headphone	NEG	1	the sound quality of these headphone be relatively poor but that be not why i return they . the range be about 25 foot on the same floor and then loud static would come and go at different location in the house . this be very consistent . in the basement they be useless . i replace they with a set by rca model wph150 for $ 30 less and the sound be much better and no problem anywhere in the house .
233	Headphone	NEG	1	i have hope with this product as many of the review be positive . i should have listen to the critique more . out of the box on my first run you 'll notice that if you so much as brush the wire that connect to the plug you will get static . i will say that the fit and comfort be there and as long as that wire be not touch -lrb- tough to do while run -rrb- the sound be good . after about 6 run though you realize that the speaker themselves be hold in by the fragile piece of rubber surround the speaker . once the rubber move , the speaker literally fall out . you be leave to attempt to put the speaker back in and snap the rubber around they like a rubber band . apparently i must have do this incorrectly as my right earpiece no longer work . for a $ 30 product i be not go to mess around with return and warranty , instead i be still now in the market for good headphone to use while run . my clear advice , run away from this product .
94	Headphone	NEG	1	i have go through two pair of these , each pair lose sound in the right ear bud after two month of use . i have use they with the ipod and zune and they just wear out . they be not worth the money .
260	Headphone	NEG	1	ok so maybe this doesnt qualify this product as a `` 1 star '' ... however ... at least i get you read this and that the point . my boyfriend get these because of the great review , he say they be voted\/listed on some top ten list of great headphone so we be both excite to see how well they would work . we have purchase about 8 pair over the last 2 year for business as we both work from we home office -lrb- we both work out of the same room -rrb- . they arrive from amazon prime in 1 day -lrb- wow ! usually take 2 '' ? '' !?? -rrb- . they look sharp . first thing i notice be that the ear muff be not too thick ... they look more of compact size so i think ok ... its quality not quantity ... minimal be better . i put they on my ear as he be play some random song on he music list and i have to admit it do sound really good . i dont know if it be worth the price - good - but it sound great . i dont know much about bass\/etc with headphone but there seem to be no base it be a `` eminem '' song . not sure if he computer setting be off or what . so move on ... ... sheeeeesh ... ok so i dont know if he be go to keep the thing -lrb- probably -rrb- but it just drive i crazy hearing every lyric to every song he play on those thing . i mean ... sure if i have the tv on in the same room i cant hear it . its almost as if ... imagine you be sit on the couch ... and you ` annoying teenage\/or-college neighbor that like to party and listen to loud music ... have it on ... and even though you windows\/doors be close ... you still hear it loudly ... slightly muffle . im tell you , i would prefer the `` seinhauser '' -lrb- its spell something like that - brand -rrb- headphone any day over these and you can get they on amazon from anywhere between $ 25 - $ 30 any random day . that way ... it doesnt defeat the purpose of what ` headphone ' be . you know ... enjoyment for you ears\/mental stimulation - while drive those crazy around you . i be realllly surprised that no one else have leave a 1 star review state this problem . maybe that what the 3 star people be say -lrb- havent have the time to check and read but hopefully this will just save you time -rrb- . good luck = -rrb- i just ask my boyfriend how he like the headphone -lrb- without he know i would write what he say -rrb- - he say `` i like they '' ... `` but i dont know if they be worth the money '' ... if the sound didnt come out of the headphone , i would rate this a 5 star anyday ...
65	Headphone	NEG	1	review update after 6 + month of product ownership : have use these on 6 domestic trip about 2 international trip of 8 + hr to europe and asia . i try the bose qc-15 for about 2 week and then i have now use these for 2 trip ... and here be my conclusion : 1 -rrb- noise cancelling : these be no bose ... there be a significant different between the noise cancelling of this one vs. the bose . so you get what you pay for . these do not seem to get rid of all the `` white noise '' like on a airplane etc. . noise be my primary need ... and these do a ok job but not outstanding . 2 -rrb- comfort : bose win ... these suck . wear these on a extended flight and after about 2 hour , with audio technica , i have to keep take they off to give my ear some rest . this part be really annoying and that be why i have change my review from 3 star to 1 star . after 2 hour , you ear will be burn ... the stretch band across the top be not long enough and will start to dig into you brain ... just miserable on comfort what good be any other feature of noise cancel if these can not be worn . 3 -rrb- music : not my specialty . both play music , with audio-technica , the good thing be that it play even when it be turn off ... so if you battery die on a long trip , you can still use these for listen to you music , but with bose , you would be sol . 4 -rrb- cost : these be about half of the bose ... so you get what you pay for . on further consideration , because of the comfort issue , you do not want to use these after a while , so you do not really even get what you pay for at half the price . i do not want these to get cheaper ... but why can not these guy make they more comfortable . who decide to make the head-strap to not be very long ? who decide not to use the softer padding over the ear ? and why be not the ear-cup a little bigger to surround my ear better . i be ready to try on-ear model and see how that do . consumer reports rate even the audio-technica on-ear model better than these . what a disappointment , do not waste you money . i 'll be put mine up for sale on e-bay if anyone want they .
381	Headphone	NEG	1	just after 3 month the on\/off button break down , shortly after the button lock feature stop work .  before this , when i put the unit in my coat pocket , at the slightest movment it would turn itself on , if the button lock be not on . so , if you be not consiencious enought to put the button lock on each time , expect to burn through a slew of battery .
536	Headphone	NEG	2	my trusty wire sony headphone of 15 year finally die after someone roll over the cord with a chair with wheel ... i only use the headphone for practice digital piano at night . during the day i use my  jbl lsr4328p powered studio monitors -lrb- 8 inch , 220 watts -rrb-  after look around for a budget friendly but highly recommend wireless -lrb- know that wire sound better , but for the ease of just be able to walk around tempt i -rrb- , i choose the sennheiser r 120 wireless headphone . it do have mix review , but most be positive , so i go ahead and order it . it be a simple and solid design with on\/off switch , volume control , and tuning control . when do use it , just put it back on the cradle and you do not have to plug in anything . it fit pretty well , but sudden movement be not recommend , as it will surely fall of the head . after charge it overnight on its cradle , i be excite to use it . well , it be pretty obvious when it be not in the right frequency , so it be easy to find that one small area where it be the `` sweet spot . '' except , even the sweet spot be not so sweet . there be whole lot of static noise and it be very distracting when i be try to think while play . when i be play forte , it be as if the headphone 's try to protect my ear , it muffle the sound and no matter how hard i pound on the key , it feed no more than mezzo piano . it come back to normal volume after a loooong while of play really softly or nothing . it be very strange . i be only keep it around for when i absolutely need wireless headphone and be about to search for a new wire headphone .
