index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
68	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I see it in Brookstone a few day ago and be totally sell on the idea of `` self-setting '' . well , that be actually not very true . pro : large display with adjustable level . the blue display also look a lot better than the usual green or red . the alarm be easy to use . it `` should '' be able to automatically adjust for Daylight Savings Time . con : Brookstone be intentionally vague about what they mean by `` self-setting '' . no , it do not connect to the US atomic clock as some reviewer say . it be merely pre-set in the factory , and sustain by the battery . if you look at they manual -lrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- you will understand why : if you `` reset '' the clock , it will not reset to the current time . I do not realize this until I be try out the feature and inadvertently change the original clock . I think by `` reset '' the clock it will adjust back automatically . nope . this be the feature that I think be worth the price tag , but now I just feel cheated . the clock do use a battery -lrb- pre-installed -rrb- . so it be not really `` self-setting '' . while it store the day\/month\/year info , there be no way to show they on the clock screen . and , it be a lot easier and more tempting to turn of the alarm than snooze : the button to turn it off be a lot taller than the snooze button . overall , it be not a bad one even if it be not really automatic . I just wish they be more straightforward about what it really be .
108	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this clock for when i go to jail , it work great wake I up every day and the batt . last a long time
654	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I have such great expectation for the alarm clock when I purchase it over a year ago . First of all it work fine . it sit nice and compact on my nightstand . however , it have too many little problem to make it worth the hassle . the alarm clock have too many battery to keep up with ; one for the analog and one for digital clock and the nature sound can be hear bleed through when the radio be play . its just slight but its annoying to I . its not worth the hassle or money .
202	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I purchase this because I want a alarm that do not need to be plug into the wall , but I be disappoint with how cheap the plastic be . look and feel junky .
543	AlarmClock	POS	4	product have good display characteristic . Easy to read in the dark . I think its automatic time set be 1 minute off which be a bit disconcerting .
442	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I have be search for a affordable sunrise simulator for some time now , and still have not find one that be worth the money . the Soleil Sun Alarm clock be cheaply make but come with a large price tag . it be small in size , which make it great for place it on a small nightstand , but it have to be position just so in order to read the display -lrb- the instruction recommend `` eye level '' , but that be not necessarily the case -rrb- . the display be not illuminate , so it be unreadable unless you press a button to activate the backlight . the nature sound have a annoying hum accompany the sound regardless of the volume . the lead light be a great addition , but be not replaceable which be a problem . the light itself be not bright enough to use as a reading light , which be one of the feature list in the product description . I would not recommend this product .
621	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a very neat product from lego since i be a fan of the star war series . I especially like ease of set up set up , very user friendly . the number on the clock be large and bold which make tell the time easy . however , the clock only use a standard alarm tone , I be hope for something star war theme . overall it be a great product for star war and lego fan alike .
802	AlarmClock	POS	4	I really enjoy this product ; however it seem to wear out after a while . it would be important to keep in mind that this be a water resistant product and not water proof . I think that be where I go wrong . I think some water accidentally get in and scramble thing up , but this be my fault and not really a fault with the product . I highly suggest have a shower radio , it be great tool for relaxing and can make you shower oh so much better .
701	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I have this same bird clock for many year . when it accidentally fall off my nightstand and break , I decide to buy the exact same clock since I be so pleased with it in the past . however , it be not the same , and not just in appearance . this one , though it look similar , be more cheaply make . compare in weight , it be must lighter and more `` plastic '' look . the case on my previous bird clock be a silver color , whereby this one be a dark gray lightweight plastic . to advance time or alarm time , you can not just hold the button down to scroll to the desire hour or minute . you now have to hit the button individually for each hour or minute desire . so the price have remain the same , but the quality have deteriorate .
166	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I should have review the detail more closely . first off the picture be misleading , this clock do not light up unless you hit the snooze light . the light stay on for a few seconds , this be not what I be look for . very cheap and when you be try to check the time in the dark you have to scramble to press the button . nope !
900	AlarmClock	NEG	2	my biggest problem with this clock be the snooze button . it be relatively small , so I have to really wake up to find it . then , it only snooze for four minute ! I want to snooze for nine . I do not care for the back light - two small light from the side rather than the soft blue glow behind the time that I be use to . this clock will work in a pinch , but I be definitely go to have to find a better clock .
461	AlarmClock	POS	4	I like this clock because it be very easy to use ; the number be large , which make it easy to see from a distance , and it fold up easily . for the money , it be a pretty good clock , unfortunately the night light be much too dim , and it be very hard to make out the time at night .
313	AlarmClock	NEG	1	we have this for a little over a week . nothing but problem . Time would not set properly . only play cd when it want to . be a real piece of junk .
663	AlarmClock	POS	5	I have one on each side of we bed and we coordinate the sound . usually , it be north Woods , which sound great with we southern suburb when we crack the window . sometimes we use thunderstorm and rain . I give one to my son this year for he birthday and this most recent purchase from Amazon -lrb- a amazing price -rrb- be for the guest room . so , if one of we can not sleep or have to get up and sleep in the guest room we can still be comfort with we sound machine . the only draw back be the bright light . I simply turn the clock face down . Problem solve . we use the beeper for a alarm and that work great because we leave the north Woods sound on all night . I even use it if I take a nap in the afternoon turn on the North Woods - zap ! I be out . Pavlov training I guess . you can check out all 20 sound at Sharper image . 10-16-11 Update : one of the best feature be the battery backup . believe I when I tell you that when the power go out , this be the one clock in the house that still tell time and at which time I appreciate the bright back light as it almost light up the room . we still use the North Woods -lrb- cricket sound and night sound -rrb- and with we window open at night the North Woods sound combine with we Southern Suburbs sound and its like surround sound . wonderful . we have be on a couple of trip and I have just unplugged my radio and plug in on my side of bed in motel and we get to sleep easily . the time never skip a beat . 6-18-12 Update : I have add Brookstone Tranquil Moments Sound therapy system with the sound of rain , which be far superior to Sharper image , along with sharper image north Woods . Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! sound to sleep by . incredible . purchase at another site for $ 57 and free shipping . Brookstone be also very bright ; I cover it with two dark purple wash clothes behind a plant .
70	AlarmClock	POS	4	this alarm clock not only wake my daughter , it wake everyone in the house ! too bad she be able to still go back to sleep ! ugh ! we will keep try !
743	AlarmClock	POS	5	I have be oversleep on workday for the first time in my life - sleep through alarm . now no more worry . this really do work , and I find it very cute too . the sound be adjustable both in quality and volume - and the shaker really work . I be very grateful . it be easy to set both the time and the alarm . one reviewer complain about the brightness - and the number be bright during the night and change color , but I like it . be just hope that I do not annoy my neighbor , so I not set on the higher volume . this be definitely a very girly look clock . I have purchase three altogether - one for my bedroom , one for the living room set 20 minute later , and one for work - just to look pretty and keep I in touch with the time . you can can a visual alarm with a small row of light flash if you do not want the sound . I also purchase a extension cord which work fine . I be very pleased with this clock !
218	AlarmClock	POS	5	I purchase this clock for my 95 old year mother . she like it be ease of use and it be durability . also , it be a attractive clock . my mom be very happy with it .
908	AlarmClock	POS	5	my only concern with this clock be that be not too stable when standing . better to have it sit when you be not play with it .
197	AlarmClock	POS	5	very nice clock . it be attractive , the display contain the information I want , the numeral be large , it be light & small enough for travel . be solar power be a big plus as no more battery to buy . that the temperature read a couple of degree too warm be minor . set up be straight forward . a lighter background would allow view at a greater distance . I do not use the alarm so can not comment on that and the atomic part be not relevant for I . solid 5 star .
538	AlarmClock	POS	5	the clock can be very loud if you turn the tone up or a manageable tone for the normal person . the vibrator work fantastic and both should be able to wake up anybody .
879	AlarmClock	POS	5	I just buy this for a friend . I have the white version of this clock , and this cheap , simple little thing have be wake I up on time for the past 14 year . it be still tick . could not tellyou when last I change the battery . the battery last pretty long before it die . I change it before that happene . anyways , it be the best and the cheapest . I can not understand the digital stuff , and I do not trust they . I will stick to the basics . simplicity equal less headache !
940	AlarmClock	POS	4	it arrive and work as promise . the only negative be that the light do not light up enough to see the time at night when you push the button .
155	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this `` alarm '' clock be a fine travel clock for tell time . but it be unsatisfactory as a alarm clock . the low volume beeping noise be not loud enough for anyone to hear unless they be a very young person who have perfect hearing . for most adult , it be worthless as a alarm clock . a note should be add to the advertisement for this clock model that you must have perfect hearing to use this clock as a `` alarm '' clock .
677	AlarmClock	NEG	1	arrive in the box break . alarm do not go off and the second hand skip back a second every minute or two cause it to be off by hour within a single day . I will be return this item .
188	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I buy this for my husband 's desk at work . I want to get he a inexpensive and small frame that he could see picture of we daughter . he love it . it work great for the first few month and then it stop work completely . he be good with electronics and computer , and could not figure out why it would not work anymore . Waste of money in the end .
404	AlarmClock	POS	5	I have have my travel soother for a decade . no problem , and I use it every night to drown out car noise . I also take it with I for hotel , camping , etc. . if street noise , snore mate , etc. keep you up , this be for you . take perhaps one week to get use to .
451	AlarmClock	POS	4	I get this clock for my 13 year old brother for Christmas . he be a huge star war fan and he love it . I really like the size of the item , it be not too small like I be halfway expect it to be ; it also be not too big . I think the price be a little high for what it actually be , but overall , I be happy with the purchase .
717	AlarmClock	POS	5	my 17 year old daughter be invite to attend she last two year of high school away from home . she be incredibly smart and we just could not pass up the opportunity for she . the only problem be , be away from home and have nobody to make she get up , she be constantly oversleep ! we shop for all sort of alarm clock for she , always buy the one that be advertise as be the loudest . after she second detention for miss class and\/or be tardy I decide I have to find something that actually would wake she up . well , I find it . she have now have this alarm clock for a little over a month and have not oversleep once !! she say the first couple of day it scare she half to death , but this be not one of those alarm that just buzz and she never hear . she put the part that vibrate under she pillow because put it under the mattress be not a option with the way the dorm bed be construct . I highly recommend this product to anyone who have a child like mine who do not hear traditional alarm clock !! one less worry for I as a mother have a child live away from home .
907	AlarmClock	POS	4	there be few analog plug-in clock available these day , so I be delighted to find this one . not only do it function well , but I love the design . the pre-alarm tone light flash be cool , though it rarely wake I if I be in deep sleep .
325	AlarmClock	POS	4	this travel alarm work . the time and alarm be easy to set and logical . the display be easy to read in room light . the alarm be loud and effective . on the down-side , the alarm can only be turn off `` permanently '' -lrb- e.g. not set to snooze-delay -rrb- by slide a tiny little switch to the side . fumble with this slide switch be less than ideal in the morning dark . -lrb- the large button activate the snooze and not the `` alarm-off '' . -rrb- also , the `` light '' be a very weak white bulb that illuminate the edge of the lcd display but hardly make the time legible . it be worth the money -lrb- but not much more -rrb- .
245	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I buy this alarm clock for my young daughter in oct 2010 . she sleep with white noise and I think that buy a clock with the noise feature build in would be both space-saving and money-saving . it look nice and be easy to use . however , as other reviewer have say , the volume setting be not ideal ... set at 1 its very quiet , at 2 its annoyingly loud . it be nice to have the dual alarm - we set the second alarm for 8pm , put she to bed at 7:15 and when the bird chirp she know to put she book down , its light out . but any dual alarm will serve that purpose , with or without fancy noise . and here the worst part : March 2012 , one random morning the alarm never go off for school , and in addition to she too-loud white noise the clock be make a horrible buzz sound which can not be shut off . we unplug it and remove the battery , but when we reinstall the battery , the screen be mess up and it play sound 1 constanly -lrb- very loudly ! -rrb- , none of the setting button work and it can not be shut off . so after pay a decent price for a brand name , it last less than 18 mo and I be back to shopping for a alarm clock and a noise-maker . this certainly do NOT meet my expectation !
350	AlarmClock	NEG	1	for a small stereo \/ cd-player , this device be fine . as a alarm clock , it be downright awful . use a cd with the alarm function would have be great if it do not only play the first song on a cd - even the most basic disc-man have a memory function , so why can not this clock ? also , the snooze be for 5 minute interval - as a lifelong and hardcore snooze-button user , this be just obnoxious . I need the standard 9-minute snooze , but learn that fact the hard way . the worst thing about this clock , though , be that it could not even keep correct time ! Mine would lose over a minute a day , so that by the end of the week it be 10 minute behind my other clock . do not bother with this one - either pay a little more for something a little better , or use you cell phone -lrb- like I have have to resort to -rrb- .
60	AlarmClock	POS	4	I buy this clock in January 2010 from JustCalculators for $ 13.99 with free shipping -lrb- no super saver shipping minimum either -rrb- . I would recommend this seller , who ship promptly . for some reason another seller think that this clock should sell for $ 45.99 . please . this be just you very basic alarm clock . I buy it because my old Casio one , extremely similar but make in Japan , be 40 -lrb- yes , you read right -rrb- year old , and start work erratically . this clock , make in China , look very plastic in person , but not too unattractive . because of other review , I want to see how it would work for at least a month before review . so far , it have keep flawless time . also , I have not experience the problem other have of the alarm not go off at the exact time . however , I tend to set it for a hourly\/half hour time , like 6 or 6:30 a.m. versus something like 6:20 , which might make a difference . the only thing that I do not like about it be that it be not too easy to read the clock in the dark . the hand light up , but the number do not . my old one have a button you could press that would light up the entire dial . that feature be lack on this clock . in the meantime , after I buy this clock , my old Casio alarm clock start work regularly again . figure . I do not own much that be older than that first Casio clock . Let 's hope this second one be so durable . this review will be promptly update in the event that any problem arise with the new clock .
330	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I purchase this clock as a replacement for a older Timex travel alarm clock that I lose . while this model function on a basic level , it be disappointing overall . as another reviewer mention , this clock gain time quickly . after just a couple of day it will be minute ahead of the actual time . if you only use the clock for weekend trip this probably will not be much of a inconvenience , but for longer trip or regular use at home , this be a bit of a nuisance . I can honestly say that in my entire life I have never have any clock , watch , or other appliance so poor at keep the correct time . I have also be disappoint with the quality of the Indiglo backlight on this clock . on my last travel alarm , as well as my Indiglo watch , the Indiglo backlight be bright and make the character easy to read in the dark . however , on this clock the Indiglo backlight be feeble by comparison . it be just bright enough to qualify as usable , but if you eyesight be not great the combination of the weak backlight and the fact that you probably be not wear contact or glass in the middle of the night may make this clock difficult for you to read . as far as the user interface be concern , the time display be very large , but other on-screen item , such as the `` alarm on '' indicator , be not necessarily obvious by a quick glance at the display . the Indiglo button , as you can see in the picture , be in the middle of the face of the unit . my last travel alarm place this button on the top of the unit . if you can imagine try to illuminate you clock in a pitch dark room , you can probably guess which location be more convenient . fortunately , all the button you need to set the clock be easily located on the lower half of the face of the unit . for set the time\/alarm the clock have a pair of up\/down button that move the time in one -lrb- if you press and release -rrb- or 15 -lrb- if you hold -rrb- minute increment . this be particularly useful for make small time adjustment backwards . overall I have be very disappoint with this clock . it lack some of the ease-of-use feature I be use to , and it suffer from poor craftsmanship . it be relatively inexpensive and it have not technically break , but if I could go back in time I would most certainly purchase a different travel alarm .
668	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm clock be great because it be simple to operate , and can be set to alarm at a different time each day of the week .
595	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the idea of how the product should work be good . however the product come defective , there be no sound available from the speaker . neither , the alarm or the radio would produce any sound . the product be no longer available from Amazon . still wait for refund .
737	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock work ok - but be warn . the snooze button be right next to the off button . when you be half asleep , it be very easy to hit the off button instead of the snooze and miss you alarm . happen quite a few time until I figure it out . again when you be a hard sleeper - turn off the alarm by accident be easy .
930	AlarmClock	NEG	1	these clock be very nice look , but they function leave a lot to be desire . I purchase two of these . one in blue and one in yellow . so far the blue clock be still work . the yellow clock have to be return . quality control be abysmal . the dial light in the yellow clock randomly stop working . I buy this clock to use at night for a easy way to check the time in the dark . when the dial illumination fail , the only way to restore it be to unplug the clock then plug it back in again . this restore the dial light until the next time it fail . turn the dial light switch off and on again do not restore the light . the problem get progressively worse . after the dial light be restore by pull the plug , it would take several day before it fail again . now it can fail again in a matter of minute . very poor quality .
138	AlarmClock	POS	5	exeptionally readable digit , easily see across the room even with poor eyesight . gigantic snooze button that can not be confuse with another button . two-position display brightness : very bright or moderately dim . the perfect alarm clock . warning : I be refer to Equity 's previous model 30037 that have better control , include a dimmer switch ; it use a 9v backup battery . the current model 30037 have poorer control and no dimmer switch ; it use a 1.5 v backup battery .
456	AlarmClock	NEG	1	horrible deal with this store . I receive the wrong item , correct item list on packing slip . however , wrong item send .
151	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the concept of this alarm clock be a great idea . the exterior of the product be attractively style too . however , I receive a defective clock . the minute hand would not change the time on the clock . so I could not even set the time or alarm on this clock . the button on the clock be too small also .
536	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I expect the projection feature to be a bit better ... it be hard to see in term of brightness and size . also , I do not know if it be standard in these clock , but you can not change the direction of the projection , so that the projection can be upside-down or side-ways depend on where the clock be positioned relative to the bed . I have to put my clock away from the bed -lrb- too snooze happy -rrb- and so the projection be upside-down . sure , I can just look at the clock , but the projection thing seem kind of fun . also , I be a bit surprised at the size of the clock ... very bulky .
848	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock only beep . I and my grandson expect more for the price . it be just a big alarm clock . Blaahhh .
882	AlarmClock	POS	4	for the rest be have a good alarm . \/ por lo que resta tiene una buena alarma .
876	AlarmClock	POS	5	I buy my westclox alarm clock on the island of diego Garcia in 2000 . I have use it ever since . never a battery change , although it be probably due .
800	AlarmClock	POS	4	bought dark wood clock : clock be make of plastic with a qualify wooden affect . it be a 6cm cube . image of the product on Amazon be a little misleading about the size . nevertheless it be elegant small alarm clock . have bright red digit and a powerful alarm sound . it have a automatic standby mode . clap often work for this clock to turn on from even 5 m away . need two of AAA battery ; and in manual , it be say two battery last for about a month . -lrb- i havent test it yet -rrb-
847	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock run very fast , gain about a minute every day or so . to keep it accurate to the minute , it need to be reset about every third day or so .
10	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I buy this clock for the large display and the backlight feature , but the clock arrive with the backlight nonfunctioning . as it turn out , the display be not that large or legible in low light . I would advise another choice .
111	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a great little alarm clock . we be no longer at the mercy of the unreliable hotel wake-up call . however , the face of the clock be dark and therefore illegible in the middle of the night .
817	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I be happy that this product be just as I think it would look and the size I want , but it gain 2 hour of time overnight . the return process so far have be very easy and efficient . this process be not complete as I just discover the problem and initiate the return . this be a Christmas gift .
760	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it be fine as a travel clock , but I buy it because the description say it have Indiglo . it do not . you have to press the light button to light up the display . if you want a backlit travel alarm , it be fine . very disappointing . if the listing be correct it would be 4 star . Update : October 29 , 2010 now the backlight do not work at all . I think it be not light up because the battery might be low . nope , new battery in and no light . fail . one star , look elsewhere . now it be too late to order one for my upcoming trip .
871	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the auto-time set be a defect in disguise . we buy a older version of this clock in 2002 or so . it be hardwire to change the time -lrb- for Daylight Saving Time , DST -rrb- on the first Sunday in April and the last Sunday in October . spiffy ! the radio time feed from wwv provide Universal Coordinated Time -lrb- GMT -rrb- , with no signal indicate the time change , so the clock be design hardwire with a offset from that , change at fix date . then come the Energy Policy Act of 2005 , which `` change the change day '' to the second Sunday in March , and the first Sunday in November , start in 2007 . we older clock do not read the newspaper , so base on its old programming , it `` spring forward '' two week late and `` fall back '' a week early . that mean we have to change the time zone four time per year to keep it accurate -lrb- in we case from Pacific to Mountain time and back as need -rrb- . if you be absolutely sure congress will never ever ever change the DST date in the future , buy the clock , it be well make and accurate . if the manufacturer add a manual DST switch , or figure out some clever way to tell the clock when congress change the date , it be also good . BUT if congress meddle with the time change date again , and the 2012 change date be still hardwire in , you will probably angrily discard this `` automatic '' clock after a year or two of setting and reset it , and miss a appointment or two . then you will buy one of the manual set one , which might be off a few minute , but not a hour . it be a pity that we lord and master in Washington do not think about detail like this when they ignore the sun and tinker with the time . more afternoon golf time for they , while you kid wait for the morning school bus in the cold and dark .
849	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I buy one , love it , play it all the time , use the alarm function to wake up . today , it be not work . nothing I can do to make the light come back on , make the alarm work again . if I touch a button , it come back on for a few seconds . battery be use for back up only so not sure why it be not work ! need another clock now ...
771	AlarmClock	POS	5	excellent travel clock - compact , easy to use and set up , no overwhelming bell and whistle to deal with . loud alarm to get you up without give you a morning heart attack . Indiglo be useful and turn off quickly so as not to disturb sleep . I love it so much , I buy another one and use it as a daily alarm clock . highly recommend .
831	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a great little clock . I have have three , give away one `` new in the Box , '' or `` NIB , '' be order another to have on hand when the spirit move I to pass it on to someone . I be kind of a time freak , so I have get one in my bathroom , another in the family room , and a much larger `` atomic '' wall clock right over my pc . ok , its not atomic . it be digital , and it receive radio signal from a US station that tell it what time it be . you never need to set it . could not set it if you try . once you have feed it a aa battery , set it up accord to the instruction , and wait several hour some evening , it will display the exact time , to the minute . if you be willing to wait up to 59 seconds , you can get the exact time to the second , when the minute display role over to the next minute . yes , you can fold it up , pack it into you baggage , and set it up at you destination . BUT , if you travel take several day , and if you destination lodging have thick wall and few window , it may not pick up a signal . take it camping ... no problem unless it rain on it , or a bear eat it . and , it pretty much have to be in the USA , although I bet part of Canada , and maybe even northern Mexico , can pick up the signal , too . bad part ? the part that make I give it only four star ? set it up be a pita . yes , the instruction be indeed print right on the clock ... on the inside of the lid , which fold back to be the underside of the base . hard to read when you be set the clock use the button on the back of the clock , and watch the display on the front of the clock . also , everything require multiple button push of specific button ... one push too few , and you do not get what you want . one push too many , and you have to start over . try to set the clock while read the instruction off of the base be a loser . oh yes , you can set it up for 12 hour time , or for Navy time : right now it be `` 22:43 '' on `` MO 9.21 '' that be 10:43 pm on Monday , September 21st , for you land lubber . the url for the clock 's instruction be cleverly print right on the back of the clock . no , not the base , the back of the clock , right on the battery door . my suggestion be to go to this url :  and decide if you be sufficiently endowed with the necessary button push skill . if so , PRINT OUT the instruction and then order the clock ! its a doozy ! as for battery , I would use a common nicad aa to set it up the first tim . when that die , or be die , put in a lithium cell . that way you will only have to set it once every couple of year .
931	AlarmClock	NEG	1	they show 2 different picture online . I do not get the clock I think I be get . I think the back light up .
427	AlarmClock	NEG	1	useless . the off switch do not work , so clock would go off every 12 hour with no way to shut it up . throw it away after fuss with it for three day .
333	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this be extremely LIGHT in WEIGHT , TINNY and CHEAP , and the atomic feature do not work . it certainly be not worth the price -- worth under $ 5.00 . I have no CHOICE BUT to RETURN IT and receive a full credit from AMAZON.COM
260	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock be terrible . I purchase for my husband for Christmas it stop work today July 20 . we get almost 7months out of it .
289	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this be suppose to be a `` sound soother '' , but at least half of the pre-programmed sound be annoy ! I purchase it for the white noise sound , but it be the most annoying setting of all . also the volume level only go down so far so that even the sound I like be too loud to be consider background noise -lrb- which be what I expect -rrb- .
864	AlarmClock	POS	5	I have have this clock for just a couple of day but I be extremely impressed . I place it on the dresser in my bedroom and it be easily readable . I have have projection clock and these end up in the trash over time because the projection fade or become fuzzy - and I have have several - but this new clock without projection be the cat 's meow ! I feel that I need to see the time when I awake in the night and this clock have not disappointed I - the number be huge , clear and just perfect . the battery backup take a 9 volt and it be easily install . the packaging be not too much -lrb- I hate those form fitting one you have to slice you finger up to open -rrb- - this packaging be clear plastic but pop right off . needless to say I be very pleased and highly recommend this clock .
617	AlarmClock	POS	5	best clock ever . we have 3 of they and they be fantastic both in the home and travel . definately recommend .
904	AlarmClock	POS	5	I buy this for my uncle who be recover from colon cancer . he need a clock in he room and there be time when he do not have the energy to get up or feel like watch tv . like I , he love the sound of the ocean and there be time I walk by he room and hear he use the sound . he be happy , I be happy .
383	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be definitely a must for any Star Wars fan . a blown-up version of the Lego Star Wars mini-fig , with a bonus digital clock . very neat collectible or display piece . bought my first and when I receive it , love it so much , I come back and buy the Vader version too .
264	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this be a pretty nifty clock . nothing to bad here - just do not count on the projection - it be very diffieculy to see .
699	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the concept be great , the build in lamp be terrible - about as bright as a night light , do not know how that be suppose to wake I up . also , if it go out it be not cheap to replace . to get any use out of the Sunrise\/Set feature you have to have it control a external lamp with a external power adapter almost the size of the clock itself . the clock itself feel like a toy , light plastic and cheap construction with flimsy button that work for a few month and require small finger -lrb- I have those and still have to use my nail -rrb- . I would recommend that you spend the money on a clock of this type with a build in external lamp control , most of those even come with sleep sound . can not beat that . but really , really , do not buy this alarm clock . perhaps  Sunrise Sun Simulator Day Light SRS150 Alarm clock  or even  Apollo Health DayBreak Duo Dawn\/Dusk Simulator
182	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it only snooze 4 time . after that , it just do not wake up again . defeat the entire purpose of the device .
683	AlarmClock	POS	5	I love this little clock . it be small and slender -lrb- like a a compact powder -rrb- and have super easy function . will not travel without it .
704	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a great little clock for the price - love that it show time-zone , day , date & time -lrb- in 12 or 24 hr format -rrb- , temperature , daylight savings , and have a light button for nighttime . also have a solar panel for back-up battery power - the main feature I choose this clock for ! after Hurricane Irene , I realize how important it be to have battery or solar power appliance . my only two complaint be that the alarm be not very loud and would not wake a deep sleeper , and my unit do not seem to sync up with the atomic clock in Denver , CO - the product instruction indicate that it will do so in a matter of minute and set the time , day , date , time zone , etc. . I have to manually set all these feature .
720	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it look good in the picture , but do not even think of buy this piece of junk . it be way too big for a travel clock , the digital and anlaog clock be not connect to each other , and the other feature be awkward to use .
647	AlarmClock	POS	5	it arrive quickly and be just what I want . I be very happy with my purchase .
334	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a very small function clock . I have have mine for year . pro : it be silent . it do not have shine light Battery operate . compact and neat inexpensive con : the light be useless so you cant tell time in the dark the switch on the left side be too similar to the alarm switch . when you wake up and be fumble to turn off the alarm , you can accidentally hit the time set switch instead .
997	AlarmClock	NEG	1	within 6 month of purchase this item , the button control the 2nd alarm mode would get stick and be difficult to set . six month later the sound stop work altogether . be a good product while it last , but for the price it should have last longer . it must be make in China .
20	AlarmClock	NEG	2	yup , you can have the alarm go off -lrb- or not -rrb- at different time on different day of the week . definitely cool and much appreciate . pity it have so many limitation . 1 -rrb- a analog tuner , and a hard to use one at that . one small dial be all you get . if you must go analog at least give we better sensitivity . tuning be hard , and seem to drift over time . 2 -rrb- too make that worse the antenna be in the not very long power cord . this mean you can not exactly move the antenna around to help get a better signal , and as the tuner be crappy this compound it . 3 -rrb- sound quality be average at best . you can not expect much from something this small , but its worse than we previous alarm which be no better . really crackly high and almost no bass . 4 -rrb- the volume control be bias really high for a alarm clock . I have it set to next to nothing and it be still plenty loud for listen to during the day . 5 -rrb- the time display be awful . dark green on a bright green background . lack in contrast and too small so it be really hard to read any time of day or night . decent display have be around , and cheap , for age so screw this up be really sad . so , average sound , the two simplest control -lrb- tuner and volume -rrb- be do badly , and the display suck . still sure you want this ?
754	AlarmClock	POS	4	otherwise , this alarm clock be very good . it have a light which be turn on by press the snooze button when the alarm be not go off . it have a date setting , but I do not use it . one thing that cost I a tardy at school be the fact that it be hard to tell whether it be set to be or PM . to solve this , pay careful attention or set it to 24 hour .
577	AlarmClock	NEG	2	unlike some of the other reviewer , my clock seem to keep perfect time . I have have it for several month now and it do not seem to drift . however , if you actually want to be able to see what time it be you really do not want this clock . in order to see the lcd 's , you need to be look down on the clock from almost directly above it ; there be a very narrow view angle . you would think that angle would be more nearly face-on , but that be not the case . the backlight do not help . if you be look for a good travel alarm , I would say `` keep look '' .
488	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I have always be a huge fan of product make by Sharper image because of they product ' high quality and sleek look . before purchase this clock , I read the review both on amazon.com and on the Sharper image website . base on the review , I be optimistic and willing to forgive the clock 's few design flaw that other note . I think that perhaps the critic be be , well , too critical . however , after use this clock every night for 2 month , it be clear this sound soother\/alarm clock definitely fall short for 3 reason : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the clock look great online and on the packaging , but , in person , it actually look and feel cheap . I would totally be willing to overlook the cheapness if not for the next 2 reason . -lrb- 2 -rrb- I can not believe this clock do not have a `` off '' switch for the backlight . the backlight -- even on the lowest setting -- be so bright that we have to put a towel over the clock to keep the room dark . the difference between the hi\/med\/lo setting be also totally minimal , which actually make no difference to I because I just want it off . I have buy $ 10 digital clock at target that be better design than this -- and actually have a on\/off backlight option . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the volume on this clock be unbelievably horrible . the lowest setting , level 1 , be LOUD . then , level 2 jump up like 50 notch to beyond loud . level 3 and above be simply obnoxious -- I can not believe anyone can actually sleep with so much noise . even level 2 be definitely not soothing , it be grate , and after a few minute begin to hurt we ear . we actually have to put the clock in the closet and leave the closet door slightly ajar just to find a volume level between 1 and 2 that be a happy medium . the entire process of go to bed each night have get a little ridiculous , have to put the sound soother in a closet to find a please volume , then cover it up so the light do not leak through . I try to focus on the clock 's positive , though , which include have a bunch of sound to choose from in the first place . -lrb- although , let 's face it , people generally gravitate toward a few similar sound , and for we that be the most benign sound of `` white noise '' and one of the babble brook or rain setting . -rrb- also , I do not hear `` break '' in the sound soother , nor restart to the sound loop , as I have read in reviews\/complaints of other sound soother product feature on amazon.com . so those be a few positive with this product . but I expect more from sharper image . we still have a awesome Sharper image sound soother\/alarm clock\/cd player from about 6-8 -lrb- ? -rrb- year ago . that clock be high quality , well make , and the sound quality\/volume be absolutely fabulous . after all this time , it still work , no problem . we have it in we 3-year-old 's room , and it be be great : a button for the backlight , volume range from super soft to super loud and everything in between , and excellent variety of sound . I wish I have a second one ! so , I be hope to receive the same performance from this product . instead , I 'll just have to store it away in the closet -lrb- craigslist ? -rrb- and continue my search .
666	AlarmClock	POS	4	pro : small and convenient , easy to store away when not use , just flip the cover up to close it . Cover double as its stand . backlight be very bright when press . alarm be loud and annoying , will definitely wake you up . screen also flash red when alarm go off . only require one aaa battery . con : snooze button on the front of the alarm make it hard to hit . this could be good as it wake you up as you struggle to find the snooze button . no constant backlight mode . it would be nice to have a dim backlight on all the time , either at the cost of use more battery power or add a extra slot to make it two AAA battery instead of one . 4 MINUTE SNOOZES ! really ! it be true . that do get annoying , but if you be a constant snooze hitter like I then you might need this . sometimes a pain in the butt to adjust the alarm time and then turn it on with the slide switch on the front . overall , it be be a very reliable alarm . could use some tweak , but for the cheap price you will not regret purchase it . 3.5 star in my book .
422	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this unit have a constant buzzing\/humming when use the on\/off button or the snooze feature . it be impossible to snooze with that level of noise . it may be the transformer , but I be not willing to try another unit , so Amazon be issue a refund .
655	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock mount on a wall easily although screw for do so be not include . I wish the alarm be a little bit louder but it be adequate . it be very easy to set and the large number make it easy to read .
396	AlarmClock	NEG	2	love how this clock look . but it do not keep time ... every week or so its behind twenty minute so I would not use it for alarm purpose . I be consider rebuy another one hope that one will keep time because I be attach to how it look in my little girl nursery . and yes , I have change the battery many time to no avail .
549	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this be very cheaply make portable alarm clock . feel like a fake toy in you hand . I order mine , and right out of the box , the light function would not work . return it back to amazon for a refund . can you guess where be it make in ? no brainer .
634	AlarmClock	POS	5	everything work as advertise . . only con might be need by a window for it to reset via satellite . I be very happy and the solar power seem fine so far .
464	AlarmClock	NEG	2	my mistake , I do not look on dimension of this clock before I buy it . it be bulky , would be very nice piece of equipment if would be much smaller . besides , use two battery aa , first set be go completely after one month , I be late to work because of that . second set I have already two month look forward to have another unexpected oversleeping -lrb- my last alarm clock be go on one battery 1 year -rrb-
297	AlarmClock	POS	5	a excellent alarm clock . Easy to set up and very reliable . good volume control . the only downside be that it do not receive the radio signal very well .
517	AlarmClock	POS	4	we buy this for we 9 year old daughter as she first alarm clock . she love the vibrate feature -lrb- so far anyway - have not actually use it to wake up over the Holiday yet - just keep set it to feel the vibration ! -rrb- . the rainbow number be really cool too ! I really would have give 5 star , but I do not like the sound of the alarm ... you can adjust tone and volume on it , but to I sound a bit like a smoke alarm or something -- just not thrill with the sound . in addition , the color on the picture do not represent the actual product in my opinion . I think it be go to be hot pink and it be not -- not sure how to describe this particular pink . otherwise , we be very happy with the product !!
263	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I buy a equity by La Crosse Model 30037 alarm clock -lrb- 1.5 v aa backup -rrb-  equity by La Crosse 30037 Jumbo 1.8-Inch lead Alarm clock  the bottom of the number would not light up . how could they let this out of the factory ? oh , right , it be make in China ... also , just to be on the safe side , get on the www.CPSC.gov mailing list . most of the recall product with safety problem come from China .
473	AlarmClock	NEG	2	Controls be difficult to manage , particularly set the time for each alarm . -lrb- my building lose electricity pretty frequently which mean reset the clock and it be a pain with the way the button be set up . -rrb- the cd do not work -lrb- not long after I buy the radio -rrb- . the sound be terrible . you be get what you pay for : not much .
604	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be purchase for my six year old son 's birthday . it be a huge hit ! seem very sturdy and he love the red light that light the clock in the dark when you press on darth vader 's head . : -rrb-
180	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I have never take the time to make a REVIEW BUT MUST SAY great design , great option -lrb- 2 alarm -rrb- , EVERYTHING great except one BIG THING ! I read this problem before I buy THIS & TOOK A CHANCE anyway . when you listen to the nature sound , ANY one ! about 30 minute in you fall asleep then wake up to a very loud pop almost like a shooting noise . picture feel RELAXED & FALLING ASLEEP to SOFT NATURE sound ... then wake up to ALMOST LIKE POPPING POPCORN RIGHT NEXT to your ear !! it wake MY HUSBAND & I up , it be so loud we scream ! you think we WOULD LEARN the 1st TIME WE try a different nature sound -lrb- think it be just that SONG recording -rrb- the NEXT NIGHT & IT happen again . both TIMES IT DOES not happen for about 30 minute to a hour , SO BY THEN WE be sleep ! REALLY THIS be the perfect clock if it do not have this issue . I do not KNOW HOW THIS get OUT on the market ! HOW DID IT pass inspection !
316	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I have own this light for a few year now and use it occasionally when I feel I need to be - set ' my circadian rhythm ... but I be never that impressed . the plug be HUGE and the light get extremely hot , which always worry I . the radio be not digital - it be a dial and my dial break long ago ... so I can not even see what station I be try to tune into . the light be nice to fall asleep to as it do help I wind down ... but the light be not bright enough to wake I up without the backup alarm . the glow of the clock be also too bright and I have to face that away from I or cover it with something to actually have a dark room . needless to say , I be shop for something new to replace this .
382	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I think the idea be fabulous so I get it for my daughter for Christmas . she be 15 and have hate it since the moment she open the gift . she refuse to use it and think it be extremely ugly . update-my hearing impaired sister have the clock now and she use the vibrate extension under she pillow and it actually wake she up every morning without wake up the rest of the household .
943	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be exactly the alarm clock I be look for . I have a bad alarm clock before this one so I be very glad I get this . pro : nice overall size . well organize display of date\/time\/etc . lcd -lrb- indiglo -rrb- light only when you press a button so no bright led glare from the alarm clock and the Indiglo light be not a overly bright or glaring light . good alarm volume . -lrb- I be a light sleeper and do not like\/need a real loud alarm -rrb- . Easy access to snooze\/light control . atomic clock sync automatically set date\/time . battery operate so no worry about power outage reset you clock\/alarm setting . con : if you be a sound sleeper -lrb- not a problem for I -rrb- the alarm sound might not be loud enough for you . Time zone do not set correctly on start up . with that say , the instruction for manually set the clock be easy to follow and I have the time zone set correctly in a matter of seconds .
568	AlarmClock	POS	5	man this alarm be great . never think I would find a alarm that would do the job , cant get any better than this ...
393	AlarmClock	POS	5	love my clock , large number , I can see it clearly at night . love it !! good price too .
178	AlarmClock	NEG	2	buy this despite mixed review from previous customer . as mention by other it gain approximately 3-4 min in a week . also the Indiglo display isnt that great . it be very hard to see the time display during the day . Bottomline . . always look through customer review and think hard and long if a product you be consider buy have bad review . Update : Display be all mess up after just one battery change . Stay away from this product
375	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I buy this item from UAE and when I recieve the clock it do ' work at all . I could return the item but the shipment charge would become more than the product price itself . I usually buy goods from Amazon but this be the first time that it be break . I be really upset about it because it be a gift for one of my friend and I be realy embarrass when it do ` nt work . I difinitely do not recommend this product to anybody .
491	AlarmClock	NEG	1	very disappointing - the light do not light up the number well enough to read they in the dark . this will get return . I guess I need to keep shopping for something you can see at night time , this certainly be not it .
689	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I buy this for travel as well as for it to be a back-up for a corded alarm clock in case there be a power outage . it be light and cordless , make it great for travel but the alarm be so weak it fail to be hear across a quiet bedroom . not much of a ` alarm ' clock if it can not do that task ! another cheap product make in China ! thanks , Timex ...
629	AlarmClock	POS	5	I really can not comment on the specific feature of this clock other than the clock display itself . my only reason for purchasing be to replace the clock feature that I lose when I change my tv and internet service provider . this display be large and bright , just exactly what these old eye need . on the other hand , I can see where the brightness could possibly be a distraction under certain circumstance , so careful attention should be pay to it be intend use before purchase .
939	AlarmClock	NEG	1	beware the top-rated review ! it be review a different clock ! it state that the hour and minute can be set with button that move the time up and down . instead , this clock require you to go through 23 hour if you accidentally overshoot by one . worse , if you overshoot the year by one , you have to go through 99 year to get to the correct one . the clock be also essentially unusable by anyone over 40 . read glass will allow you to read the alarm-time digit , but you will not be able to see the alarm-time pm indicator . Timex , a few year ago , do sell a clock that have the interface describe in the top-rated review , with up and down key and 15-minute fast advance . why they go back to a interface find want in the 1960 be beyond I ...
965	AlarmClock	POS	4	buy this on Friday 22\/10 and get it on Monday 26\/10 and after only one night I have to share my thought . this product be awesome and live up to the hype . I have no problem with the display as I leave the plastic sheet on , the choice of sound be more than I need . I try a few but I like the chime the best and will stick with that . the sound setting be fine with I . I leave it at the # 1 and that be just fine with I . for those who have complain about the brightness of the display screen or the volume imo they be just nitpicker . I be glad that I buy this product and look forward to many year of use . if you be in the market for this type of alarm Clock\/Sound Machine look no further , this be the best out there .
942	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a great portable travel clock - exactly what i want . this clock be compact and easy to throw in my pocketbook . it be easy to read the time , very simple to set the time\/alarm and be inexpensive . I be look for a small travel clock without any fancy feature and I find it - I would definitely buy it again .
397	AlarmClock	NEG	1	nice look little clock ; unfortunately , as a alarm clock , it be useless . the alarm be inaudible in a quiet room from a distance of 4 foot . the stand\/cover be flimsy .
985	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this be a great idea , if this kind of thing work for you . Might not work for everyone , though . the problem here be that this be a cheap -lrb- and poorly design -rrb- clock radio with a lightbulb . for that , you pay a ton of money . if this be $ 20 - $ 30 , it would be fine ... but for the price , you would expect more . the button be small and hard to use . it never get terribly bright , although I guess you could read by it -lrb- the wife do , although she use to just use a flashlight ! -rrb- . but there be something nice about get up with that even increase light ...
926	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I would not recommend this product . I purchase one and when I go to use it the CD player skip on every cd I try . it be extremely temperamental and would skip at the slightest movement ... even just I touch it to push the play button . the CD door be very cheap and do not feel like it close . I think maybe the one I buy be defective so I exchange it . no such luck ... the second one be even worse . I have the same problem as the first and then some . this one buzz when the power be turn off and stop buzz when the power be turn on . and , the `` clock set '' button would not work so I could not set the time . I have a COBY portable dvd player as well which be not very old and the screen go off and on . needless to say I do not think I 'll be purchase another COBY product in the future !
824	AlarmClock	NEG	1	extremely poor quality . the alarm function do not work !!! I know it be make in China , but this be so cheaply put together it could not get any worse . the worst ever . just in case I do not make myself clear ... this clock be the worst clock I have ever own .
912	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I want a small modern alarm clock for my nightstand . I love the look of the kikkerland and decide to purchase . I can not set the clock to the proper time . it bounce back between the 12 hour format and the 24hour format and give you random time for both the alarm and the time of day . this one time I wish I have save my shipping material so that I could have return it .
472	AlarmClock	POS	5	this large display solve a problem for my husband . he roll out of bed time be 1:00 AM & with we previous bedside clock he have to find he glass to be able to check the time . not so with this one . the number be large & clear . he call it he billboard . battery backup feature be a definate plus . Problem solve ! thanks Chaney and Amazon !
736	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I have three main criterion in mind when select this clock -lrb- two of they , actually -rrb- for we bedside table . this product end up defy all three criterion . you could say that the buyer be to blame , but the rub of buy on the internet be that you have to take a leap of faith that the product will function as it be suppose to . in this case , that leap be right off of a cliff . what I want : 1 -rrb- a attractive , retro look that would blend in with we bedroom : yeah , sure , this product have that chrome look and a retro-ish design , but its tiny size make it seem more like a travel alarm clock , and the cheap material show in the appearance . 2 -rrb- a easy-to-read face that would allow I to see the time quickly when I have to get up at night to feed we baby : the light on this clock be so lame that you can still barely see the number . also , one of the clock we receive break several time within the first few day , so my husband just start use he iPhone as a alarm . 3 -rrb- a effective alarm that do not blow you eardrum out : this alarm do not blow you eardrum out ... because it do not work . not once have the alarm on the one remain functional clock actually go off at the time we set it -lrb- or at all -rrb- . piece of crap . Waste of money . now I will be spend another 40 dollar to buy digital alarm clock again . Boo .
146	AlarmClock	POS	4	I really like this clock\/sound machine . there be one big problem . the volume control control both the sound -lrb- ocean tide , summer night , etc. -rrb- and the alarm volume . so if you want to have the soothing sound lull you to sleep at night at a low volume -lrb- which I can not imagine want it very loud -rrb- then the alarm volume be the same and will probably not wake you up . sad defect for a otherwise fine item .
498	AlarmClock	POS	4	I love the ease withwhich I can set the time , set the alarm and view it in the dark , however , it do not stand on its trus leg configuration very easily . I be constantly knock it over and althought that in itself do not render the alarm inoperable , it do make it difficult to orient and turn off , in the wee hour of the morning upon wake to its nicely sound alarm . its quiet and I would buy it again but the leg thing be annoying .
751	AlarmClock	POS	5	we be look for a very small , but highly reliable , travel alarm clock and be a little concerned about order one sight unseen . however we could not have be happier . it have now travel with we across the US as well as overseas and it have make sure we be awaken at the right time every day . we would highly recommend this alarm .
272	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock quit work for I after 2 week of use . and the gradual wake thing never work right .
607	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I purchase this clock after read so many great review . after unpack the clock I be horrify to see 10 o'clock at the top of the dial where 12 o'clock should be . horrible , cheap , junk . do not buy .
541	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a well design clock that perform very well as advertise . there be a simplicity to it that make it very easy to use . the set it and forget it be a very nice feature . have say all this I prefer another model they make that have green numeral and a dim switch , as the above model with red numeral be quite bright , although very easy to read at night . the green numeral clock do not have the set and forget feature . the green numeral clock also do not have the blinking second dot which annoy some people with the red numeral clock . all in all both clock be very good and easy to read at night .
63	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I do a lot of research on Amazon by read review before I buy this clock . I feel mislead by all the five star review this clock get . it be cheaply make , the battery cover seem like it would break easily . I work ok but the light be way to dim to read the clock at night . a disappointment and not worth eight dollar .
811	AlarmClock	POS	5	first , I want to say that you should \* always \* have a battery-powered travel alarm clock in you luggage , with a spare battery . this be one of those basic must-haves for travel . I have stay at hotel which provide no clock at all . some have a clock with no alarm . some have a plug-in clock , and then the power go out . some have a really complex clock that you can not figure out how to set the alarm on ! by always have one with you , you be sure that you wake up on time and keep track of you schedule . there be plug-in one , but you have the problem of converter in foreign country , of find a outlet that be usefully near the bed , and again of power outage . it be much better to go with a battery power one . I like the fold-up design of this one . when it be shut , the display and button be all protect . you luggage can go through the most gorilla-like of baggage claim system and come out unscathed . the unit be very easy to use . a simple slider set the alarm on or off , and you get a visual indicator when it be on . you slide another lever to set the alarm or time . there be a snooze button which also turn on the light temporarily . you can set the hour and minute separately , which be a great improvement over system that make you cycle slowly through 23 hour to wrap around to the time you want . down side ? well , it be cheap plastic - but then again that make it really light . I really wish it be in a always-lit state for late night glance , but that would probably drain the battery quickly . so I think in general it be a great unit for the price . I have use it for quite a while and it be always come in handy . even the time I have not need it , it be be nice to know it be there in the corner of the bag
962	AlarmClock	POS	4	what I like best about the Elgin travel alarm clock be the large , blue back-lit display . the slide button to set the alarm and time be a little tricky to use because they tend to stick a little , but it be not enough of a problem for I to give it a lower rating . the exterior be hard plastic and I would have like it to feel a little sturdier , but it keep the weight and price down . all in all not a bad product .
359	AlarmClock	NEG	1	unit be defective , only work for a few hour . that can happen occassionally though , right ? but I call and leave a voicemail with the company and do not ever receive a call back . overall not terribly impressed with the experience .
83	AlarmClock	NEG	2	buy this sound soother to replace a old Sharper image soother use in the kid room . the volume setting be absurd . even at 1 , the `` surf 's up '' sound be as loud as a 7 setting on the old soother . I understand they be try to down out other sound , but the fact that this item have absolutely no give at lower volume , particularly when its only purpose be as a soother , be a serious design flaw . at volume 3 it be absolutely blast . if you be buy this as a soother , I would pass for one with better low volume control .
583	AlarmClock	NEG	1	Elgin be a famous name in clock . this clock be a embarrassment to the brand . it still provide the old fashion time of day , i.e. , the hour and minute hand work . but the alarm simply do not work . for two or three day it be fine . but then it stop get louder , and now when the faint alarm sound go on , it stay on for only seconds before go off all by itself . unless you have it next to you ear , you will not hear the faint sound in any case . and if you be depend on a clock to get you up on time , this be not the one . there be just too few choice of traditional analog alarm now available , and it be a mistake to buy this one .
403	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be for the person who do not hear or want to hear they alarm clock . you simply can not ignore this one when it go off . I love it .
672	AlarmClock	POS	5	we purchase this clock for when we need to reset the alarm for one day , rather than go through the process of reset the clock radio , which be very complicate . the clock be perfect for we need and work well . we also like the battery operation so we do not have to plug another item in the wall . would highly recommend it .
845	AlarmClock	NEG	1	Hve not try it at wakeup but can tell by testing I would sleep right through it . and I be not a real heavy sleeper . alarm only sound for about 30-45 sec . I would return but already throw away packaging not anticipate this problem . do flash red during the wakeup sound but if you asleep I do not think that be a big deal !
209	AlarmClock	POS	5	take this for a month long trip to Europe . best item to have . tour leave early in the morning and this alarm clock wake I up every time . the snooze only last about 4 min . and it be nice a compact for easy storage while travel from location to location .
342	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock I receive be defective - the hour hand be off by 25 minute -lrb- e.g. , the hour hand be almost half way between 1 & 2 when the minute hand be on 12 -rrb- .  the sound be only similar to the bird song that I can hear out my back door - not close enough to reality . I think we want reality so we can recognize the bird song we hear in nature .  a wonderful idea , but not carry out very well . by the way - the clock be make in China .
970	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a replacement for my previous atomic clock which die after about 4 year . I expect another 4 year of reliable service from this one . so far , it look really good .
211	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I be excite when I find this sound machine and could not wait to get it , but there be significant problem . the display be very bright , but hard to read unless you be face the clock directly . I prefer the rain selection , but level 1 be too quiet and level 2 be really loud . I have try put it further away , but then I can not see or reach the clock . several time , the sound switch to bird during the night and I wake up wonder what be happen . the positive be that it be easy to use and compact in size .
953	AlarmClock	NEG	1	not a good purchase : 1 -rrb- the lcd be so bright that you can read a magazine at night on its lowest setting . I find myself throw a pillow over it to block the light - with obvious consequence . 2 -rrb- durability be poor . my unit only last 5 month . it begin to intermittently `` go quiet '' and would not make a noise . fiddle with the power cord enable it to make sound . but a alarm clock that will not reliably alarm be rather a waste of time . Brookstone would not fix this or replace it as it be out of warranty . my last clock be ancient at 12 year . but it be reliable . I choose reliable over cool look .
366	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the first photo that be list for this item be not what I receive . the subsequent picture -lrb- which I have assume be customer upload of `` similar '' clock -rrb- be of the product actually receive . the price be fair for a small alarm clock but it should be note it be not retro like the photo suggest . the outer design -lrb- top button and foot -rrb- be the same but the face look entirely different and far more modern that what I have expect .
370	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I be hope it work ... I be not that demand . it do not work and still doesnt . it be just too cheaply make
709	AlarmClock	POS	5	exactly what I want and need for a unbelievably low cost . you do not have to be a computer specialist or even know what `` digital '' mean to use it . thank heaven I now have one thing which my grandaughter do not have to put together or set in motion for I .
344	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a fantastic product !! before the Sonic Boom alarm clock , my daughter would sleep right through she alarm go off . the vibration of the Sonic Boom alarm clock be very strong and now she be not late for school anymore .
36	AlarmClock	POS	5	I like a travel alarm you can see in the dark , and the Snooze button accomplish this when you wake up in the middle of the night , yet turn off to let you sleep in the dark . it be a nice small size and compact to carry .
762	AlarmClock	POS	5	live in the country , we lose power a lot , so ac-powered alarm clock simply be not a option for I . I have use a Variety of 100 % battery operate alarm clock in the past , and this might be my favorite so far . its simple : a analog clock face that light up nicely -lrb- but not too brightly -rrb- when the button on the top be press . the alarm be easy to set , easy to turn on and off , and hard to sleep through . the tone be almost pleasant -lrb- at first -rrb- wake you up without a shock ... but it get steadily louder and faster so it be almost impossible to sleep through . I have not use it long enough to rate battery life , but power by 1 c battery it should last for a quite a while -lrb- my old clock run on two AAA 's and last almost a year - let 's face it , alarm clock be not exactly demand -rrb- . my only concern be that the unit be plastic . my cat like to hockey-puck thing off of my bedside table -lrb- especially if he want he breakfast , i.e. , almost every morning -rrb- . that be why my old clock be a metal clock -- the kind with the real bell inside . however , it be survive be knock to the ground several time so far with no visible damage , so despite a somewhat flimsy feel this clock be pretty sturdy .
529	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the first user review I read be right on the money . I use this device to muffle street noise at night . there be only a couple of setting that make wave or white noise sound for sleep and those be very short loop . there be repetitive , distracting sound that can keep you wide awake . the rest of the choice have sound effect that be not condusive to sleep . such as chirp bird , fog horn , cricket , etc. . the lowest volume be bearly audible and the second to lowest be quite loud . this be the second soother I purchase from sharper image , the first nearly 20 year ago . I have to admit the older model be much better . the volume control be a slide so you can set it appropriately for tthe environment and the ocean wave sound lull I to sleep instantly . over the year price have more than double and the product quality have slip . if it aus not break , DO not fix it !!!
766	AlarmClock	POS	4	my son absolutley love he new alarm clock and love to pose it . it be a nice size and fit well beside the bed . I would agree with other though that it would be nice to have light up number so you can see it easily at night . and for whatever reason I be hope the alarm would be something a little unique like a Darth Vader voice tell you to wake up . oh well ... if you have any Star Wars fan in the family they would really like this . the delivery be quick also
116	AlarmClock	NEG	2	. . probably not a good choice for a sound sleeper . the alarm on this clock be not very loud . I measure it at 75 db at a distance of 1 foot from the alarm -lrb- use  the sound meter  this would be forgivable if the alarm be persistent , but it shut off after one 1 minute of operation . the light be ineffective ; you will not be able to read the time on this clock in a dark room without a external light source . in addition , this alarm use a 1.5 v button style battery , a form factor that might be hard to locate in a pinch should it run out on the road . avoid if the user be a heavy sleeper ! better than no alarm clock at all ... but barely .
379	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I get this product with the optional module which turn on another lamp . that really help make the overall `` dawn '' usably bright , but the optional module stop work after about a year . the idea of wake to a light like sunrise work really well for I , but this product be cheaply make and another brand would likely be a better choice . the radio be very poor , I have to take it apart and pull the coil internal antenna wire out and drape it up the wall to get any reception - and I live in a major metro area with many strong station ! the scratchy reception may be more effective at annoy I awake than the light . the product could be really good with a infusion of better quality .
353	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I buy this item for my boyfriend who be a big time Star Wars fan . when I receieve this item I be dissapoint to find that although I pay for a new item , the one I receieve be cleary USED . it have visible scratch on it even though it be in a protective box . also the neck of the clock be white unlike the rest of the body and face , it stand out and look very odd . overall unhappy and plan on return this item .
573	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the sound be just terrible and when I turn the sound up\/down , I frequently have change the station to get it tune properly . and the cd work at first ; now it do not . -lrb- the sound be not that great , either -rrb- . a total waste of money . I should use my stereo or television to wake I up .
839	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be high quality and very easy to set . people complain about it be too bright but I buy it for my boyfriend who like he room pitch black , and he say it do not bother he at all . it be silent and attractive and I be very pleased .
478	AlarmClock	POS	5	when I receive the item , I be surprised how much I like it . this item make a great conversation piece !
739	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be probably the best atomic projection clock if all you want be a time display function . I have several of of this model . it have a bright-enough projection display , can do 24-hour format -lrb- unlike Oregon Scientific model -rrb- , relatively easy to setup -lrb- for a atomic clock -rrb- , and the most affordable . as be with most digital clock , set up the alarm be a hassle and I do not use it . negative # 1 : the power-supply be only for the projection and all setting be lose when battery be change . the trick be to replace one battery at a time and quickly to retain the setting . negative # 2 : when place behind you , say on a bed headboard , the display can not be rotate enough for proper orientation while sleep . there be a plastic tab inside the projector that can be force break to override it .
723	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the Soleil Sun alarm clock do work . the light do turn on slowly , simulate a sunrise , and that do help I wake up . however , the quality of this piece be so disappointing , and I do feel take advantage of , because of the price . the radio in this unit be the cheapest they could get away with . the sound quality be poor , not even in stereo . the body be cheap plastic , and mine even have a blemish on the surface . the control be small and require patience to manipulate . and the light itself do not get all that bright . once the irritating-scratchy-mono-poorly-tuned radio wake I up , I also have to turn on another light in my room to really stay awake . I get this unit because it be the least expensive one I could find . it do help help I to wake up because of the light , but I still feel bitter that I have to pay that big of a price for such a poor quality unit . it be as if the Soleil Sun company be sit in they office say to themselves , `` eat my shorts ! we know there be nothing out there that be cheaper , so nyah-nyah ! ''
453	AlarmClock	POS	5	I have always have a hard time wake up , its always so easy to tune alarm clock out . the Sonic Boom Alarm clock be amazing ! when I start get use to the volume of the alarm I can change it and the vibrating wake I up every time ! the design be adorable too !
35	AlarmClock	POS	5	I love this clock . it be just the right size for my desk . it have a easy to read face and I like the second hand . I would highly recommend this clock . it be perfect for a desk or bed side table .
270	AlarmClock	POS	4	this little clock be great : it be very easy to use because it do not have any excess setting . all of the button and setting you can see in the photo . it fold nicely into the base for easy travel . however , to see the time at night -lrb- light turn on by press the snooze button on the bottom right -rrb- , little lightbulb next to the number come on . it be not lead . and so , it mean one must bring the clock closer to the face to see properly -lrb- especially when wake up -rrb- .
181	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I get this clock last week . I need a quiet clock for my bed headboard and this sound like it . I be also interested in one that be dark till you push a button to illuminate it . this be suppose to fit the bill but do not . the thing arrive in perfect packaging and look fine -lrb- no damage -rrb- I add a battery and see that it start run -lrb- sweeping second hand -rrb- . so then I try the light and there be nothing . I notice that the switch on back could be set to utilize the light sensor on top so I try that . still nothing . then I notice that the clock stop run . a light tap cause it to start run again . I open the battery compartment and rotate the battery a few time , in hope that would clean off some of the contact oxidation . it seem to do the job . I would have return this thing but it seem to keep pretty good time so I be test its accuracy to see if it will make a good desk clock for work . if that play out , I do not need the light function there so I 'll just use it as be .
687	AlarmClock	POS	5	I love the easiness of use of this alarm clock : no mess up with `` mode '' , `` set '' and other button to access function I 'll never use . this alarm clock have four position : time set , alarm set , alarm on and alarm off . it be everything you need , and you can not go wrong . the alarm be loud enough and it be progressive . contrary to what the description say , it require 2 aaa battery , not 1 .
593	AlarmClock	POS	4	I do by the adapter to plug it in a a few extra bird card . I really enjoy wake up to the sound of bird every morning . it bring a little sunshine to cold Wisconsin winter . over all it be a good product and I be glad I buy it .
783	AlarmClock	POS	5	it do what it be suppose to do and look good do it . the instruction manual say the battery will only last about a month , but they seem to be work at a more typical rate . one main concern I have when buy this clock be the sensitivity of the sound sensor ; it be actually not hypersensitive . sound must be medium-loud or else very close -lrb- like set a mug down next to it -rrb- . I be very pleased with the clock . Kikkerland be a great company !
55	AlarmClock	POS	5	you can see this clock from 3 room away . love it . I buy it to sit by my husband big flat screen tv . it be great -- whenever you be watch tv , the time be always right there and you can see it clearly from the other side of the house . it be great !
239	AlarmClock	POS	5	I like this digital ! the number be large and easy to read at night , even without my glass . it be easy to tell the time and I like that !
0	AlarmClock	POS	5	the Westclox Travelmate be multi-useful . use when travel , at work , or at home . the ideal `` backup '' when weather-related problem develop . keep one in you car -lrb- and boat , etc -rrb- . if you be downsize or just want thing small but effective , this be the clock for you . Easy to use button , clear dial and amazing battery life . my original one be over 10 year old and never have battery replace . it be actually kinda weird ... in a good way . these will be some stock stuffer this year .
899	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it be so small it do not bother I at all . if light really really bother you this may work . it be a lot of money for very little product . I now have a biobrite with white noise . I wish the BioBrite have a radio instead of a beep backup , but I be not asleep by then anyway since the light have wake I up .
189	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I have high hope for this - think it be similar to a clock I see a few year ago and can not seem to find now . those of you who be light sleeper will appreciate the sound library . the digital recording have long loop and sound pretty good , but the speaker be on the tinny side . I like to sleep with a surf sound and that be decent . the problem be the alarm -lrb- which be not even cover in my manual -rrb- . the alarm allow you to wake with either a beeper or a sound . the problem be if you sleep with a sound playing , that be the same one use for the alarm - so it do not quite work ! I be hope you could set different sound for the alarm . the clock I see a few year ago allow you to listen to surf but the alarm add in foghorn or other related sound . that be pretty cool ! if anyone know what clock I be talk about , please let I know . do not be too disappointed if the sound soother be not available on Amazon . it be available at best buy for the same price .
916	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the light on this dawn simulator be pretty feeble . it work for I because I be fairly light sensitive , but it certainly do not feel like dawn when it come on . also , the radio quality be terrible . I get major static on all but a couple of station , one I do not want to listen to . if I have it to do over , I would buy a different one .
175	AlarmClock	POS	5	the number on this clock be very large -- I can easily read they in the middle of the night without glass . the red led number also do not light up the whole bedroom , like a blue led one I recently buy and be unable to use . the setting be simple and intuitive . I would definitely recommend this clock to anyone .
597	AlarmClock	POS	5	this Sonic Boom Sweetheart alarm clock be great ! I usually sleep soundly and have a problem hear the alarm . I have be search for year for one that I can depend on to wake I up everyday . this be it ! if the very very loud alarm do not wake you , the vibrator will ... just put it under you mattress pad and it will wake you every time . the brightness of the number , the type of sound the alarm make and the volume of the alarm can all be adjust . also , you can choose between alarm only , vibrator only or alarm\/vibrator combination ... it be up to you . and , of course , there be a snooze button that be easy to access .
527	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I purchase this item and it stop work in less than a week . what a complete piece of garbage . my guess be that water get into it and cause it to stop work . if you take it out and let it dry for a few day , it 'll work for a few minute before take another dump .
265	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the clock flash a frightening red color when it go off in the morning-first surprise . then the battery die , so I replace they , but after two day the backlight stop work , the number fade to the point where I could barely see they , and the volume become so low I could barely hear it .
994	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I buy this month ago base on the previous reviewer . I buy early this be a gift for my daughter high school graduation ! I think this would be a great college gift ! well month later she open it take to she room to try it and ... the time speed up during the night !!!! so if you set it for 8:00 be it go of at 6:00 or 5:00 be etc. . . so I get a lemon ... I throw 37.00 in the trash ! ...
938	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I buy this product because it come up when I search for alarm clock for heavy sleeper , this thing be so quite that it do not even begin to wake I up . I be go to return it as soon as possible . the one good thing be that yes you can see the display from a good distance .
712	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm clock be the perfect backup travel alarm clock . it be the smallest , lightest alarm clock possible that even have a few extra feature to boot . \* it be small 2.6 '' W x 1.8 '' h x 0.6 '' d and weigh a scant 2oz with battery . \* it take 2 lr44 watch battery -lrb- easy to find -rrb- that have a lifespan of over 1.5 year and be lighter than the newer version -lrb- Casio PQ-13 and Casio PQ-15 -rrb- that take aaa and aa battery . \* Extra feature on this tiny clock be : 1 -rrb- 12 & 24 hr setting 2 -rrb- snooze feature -lrb- only 5-mins though -rrb- 3 -rrb- lead backlight -lrb- old green type -rrb- 4 -rrb- 3 separate function button that adjust with a audible click : time -lrb- alarm\/clock\/display -rrb- , display -lrb- 12 or 24 hour -rrb- , and alarm -lrb- on\/off\/snooze -rrb- so that there be not any mistake . as a result of its compact size , the function button be tiny . however , after a few use one can easily remember which button be which . in addition , as this be digital , there be no annoying tick . my main complaint be that the snooze\/light button -lrb- the blue one be the picture -rrb- be not protect when the stand\/cover be close . as such , the button could get accidentally press during transport . however , this issue have not be address in subsequent version . highly recommend as a backup travel alarm for those of we with smart phone . if the small label and tiny button be not a issue , this would also work well as a primary alarm clock .
107	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I use it in the past half a year and find the time display sometimes jump randomly . it happen 3 or 4 time in past 5 month . if you seriously need a alarm clock to keep you from be late for school or business , try to find another one .
758	AlarmClock	POS	5	very sleek look and function alarm clock . we like that it have lot of different sound to choose from so we do not have to have the standard annoying alarm sound in the morning . another great feature , be that you can program 2 seperate alarm , so if you and you partner get up at different time in the morning you can set both alarm for 2 different time -lrb- and even different sound -rrb- . plus not have to worry about forget to re-set or accidentally turn the other alarm one off .
301	AlarmClock	POS	5	I love this little alarm clock so much , I have several throughout my house . pro : \* 24 hour time -lrb- a huge plus for people who have to work shift -rrb- \* nap timer -lrb- I use this feature all the time to wait 15 minute to see if I have correctly treat a hypoglycemic episode -rrb- . you can nap up to 4 hour . \* small and portable con : \* can only set the date and time forward ; you have to scroll through the entire cycle if you have overshoot you value . \* can not turn the back light off -lrb- but it only stay on for about 4 seconds -rrb- \* can not turn the nap timer off \* can not see how much time you have leave on you nap
615	AlarmClock	POS	5	the sound be very realistic -lrb- unfortunately that include the fog horn -rrb- . it be nice to wake up to bird or read before bed listen to the rain when it be nice out . my only dislike be that the screen be bright even when you have it turn all the way down .
731	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this thing only work twice for I . today it sit on my computer desk display the time only . if you need to make someone late for work , here ya go : -lrb-
741	AlarmClock	NEG	1	alarm do not work . . I guess I get what I pay for . I do not realize how small the clock actually be .
290	AlarmClock	NEG	2	great detail . nice lead light but like two of the other review this one stop make any sound after two day .
565	AlarmClock	NEG	2	I try the `` equity by La Crosse SkyScan 31269 lcd atomic Alarm clock '' and it be fine except the clock run from battery only even though they give you a ac adapter . the ac adapter be for the ceiling display only . when you change the battery on the La Crosse , the clock and all setting be lose so I return it and buy the `` SmartSet dual alarm AM\/FM clock radio '' . the ceiling time can not show right side up with the clock face you , this be like most other ceiling clock so watch out . the La Crosse have the most advanced ceiling display as it can be twist all 4 direction , but can not be twist enough to use the clock with the ceiling display right side up .
874	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the design of the display be great , I like how you can go both back and forth through the sound , without have to cycle through they all , and it come with a lot of sound -lrb- though some I can not see anyone want to sleep to -rrb- . the date and time be easy to set . I do not use the alarm function , as I prefer to use my cell phone alarm , so I can not speak to the functionality of that . some other review have make comment about the shortness of the track before repeat , but it be not something I notice too much . I end up return it after two day . the biggest problem for I be this low hum that emanate from it through any sound , and I find it really distract , because I be listen to the buzz hum more than the sound -lrb- ebb Tide -rrb- . I look up some review , and find other people with the same issue , which apparently turn out to be a cheap power supply cause the speaker to vibrate inappropriately -lrb- or something , I do not exactly understand the concept -rrb- . Learning that , I realize it be a design flaw , and not my unit , so I drop the idea of just exchange it . the other problem I have with it , though by itself it be not enough to make I want to return it , be the lack of real volume control . you have loud , louder , loudest , blow you ear drum , and 11 . the lowest setting -lrb- 1 -rrb- be barely tolerable for I on most sound , and utterly unacceptable on other . have I decide to keep it , I would have relocate it to the other end of the room . I end up replace it with  sound Oasis S-650-01 Sleep Sound therapy System  I only just get it today , so I have no review of it yet , but I can tell you there be no annoying audio buzz . also , some store will price match with Amazon if you print out the page , so I actually get it for less than the Amazon price .
531	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i didnt pay attention to the review ... actually i ignore they because i want this clock sooooooo badly . unfortunately , this replica be really , really cheap . i get it in the mail and open it up . china . cheap . plastic . nonetheless , i dig the look and can work with that ... check the alarm ... the ` light ' aspect of the alarm work , but the bell doesnt at all which be a no-go for I . suck , i really want to have it in proper work order , save you money here . two star because amazon rock and return it be easy ... beyond that ... you have be warn !!!!
603	AlarmClock	POS	5	I use the Coby Viewer \/ Alarm clock in conjunction with a 4aausb -lrb- Batteries America -rrb- 5 volt power supply to view picture from my trail camera when I be in the field . this work better and have a clearer picture than the commercially available viewer from the trail Camera Manufacturers . it be also much cheaper .
780	AlarmClock	NEG	1	at night the digital display totally light up the room it be so bright . I have to turn it face down . the sound be tinny and grainy , enough to make they totally un-soothing , they start abruptly so they be a bit shocking to wake up to also . have to return
894	AlarmClock	POS	4	we have have two of these product for the past three year . they perform well , do the job , and for 10 buck , I think they be a good deal . I have read the other review , but we experience with the 40001 alarm have be good -- I have carry this with I on travel , and never miss a appointment . there be detailed instruction at the -lrb- ... -rrb- website -- with good battery and the instruction these clock do the job well .
861	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be originally receive -lrb- several year ago -rrb- in unacceptable condition . the seller be notify by email , and before they would even receive it back , a new one be deliver to I . this be what customer service be suppose to be ; namely , a. sincere and thoughtful apology follow by first rate corrective action . the clock , in the intervene four year , have work properly . it be quiet . it keep time accurately . it be a faithful reproduction of the period seek . it be easy to see in the dark ... and easy to read from a distance . a great product ... back by outstanding customer service agent . I fully intend to execute repeat business within the year ... which hopefully indicate my highest degree of satisfaction .
664	AlarmClock	NEG	1	somehow this clock have a different rate than the expect 1h per hour . it run almost 50 % as fast , what make it useless . it would be interesting to see how frequent this problem be . anyone else ?
547	AlarmClock	POS	4	I buy this radio as a Christmas present for a office mate . I want something small and not too expensive since in a office building thing can disapear . the reception in the building be ususaly not so good and that be a concern . three month later I be happy to report that this one work fine . we have have no problem with the radio or the CD player .
141	AlarmClock	POS	4	the price be right on this clock . the size be perfect , especially when fold for packing and take with . it sit at a good angle when it be open , and the backlight be sufficient . the alarm tone be sufficient to wake you up be , of course , by personal opinion . it work for I , but it might not work for you if you be a heavy sleeper . I would also knock the battery choice ... coin type versus a aa or aaa . I worry how quickly that coin battery will die since I be a habitual `` 3 time snoozer . '' I order a card of 10 battery , so I would have plenty on hand just in case .
87	AlarmClock	POS	5	clock design with tiltable display allow adjustment for best view angle combine with 2 1\/2 '' time display number -lrb- largest available in a standard alarm clock -rrb- make the clock easily readable for those suffer from limited sight as well as the nearsighted while in bed who want to check the time without have to put on eyeglass .
164	AlarmClock	POS	5	very good , in my opinion , because : 1 -rrb- it use battery , so I do not have to worry about the charge cord come off or sudden disruption of electricity 2 -rrb- provide 24-hour system , celsius degree temperature thermometer , date and day setting . at first I be confuse with the button , but after a while I be happy . 3 -rrb- it be not that easy to switch the alarm off . you need to be awake and press through at least two button to turn it off . so no worry of accidentally turn it off . 4 -rrb- the light !!! I love they ! they be pretty and very handy when you need to walk around in you dark bedroom , and since switch the room light on hurt you eye , this be just nice . 5 -rrb- annoying alarm tune . they be so out of tune that you will be scare wide-awake .
554	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a very elegant snooze-type alarm clock with many different soothing sound to suit you taste . small and compact , it come with the Sharper image credentials , and live up to its name for dependability . New condition from Amazon .
781	AlarmClock	POS	5	the pink moonbeam clock be give to my best friend for she birthday . it be the perfect gift as she want a simple alarm clock that be easy to operate and see . she love the pink color !
45	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I follow all the direction and allow 72 hour for the clock to reset itself . since the best reception to Colorado be between 12am to 3am , and the clock specifically target that time frame for auto update , I set the time manually -lrb- minus 7 minute to make sure that it actually do pick up the signal -rrb- . the clock never set itself correctly . I refuse to `` position '' my clock to face Colorado -lrb- although it be face in the general direction -rrb- , and my side of the bed be not closest to the window -lrb- and I think it be ridiculous to think I have to strategically arrange my clock in order to get it to work -rrb- . also , the clock be very light weight and easily move around . the button be extremely small and I have to pick up the clock to set the alarm -lrb- since it slide accross the night stand when I try push the alarm button -rrb- , and it be still difficult to get the button to work even after that . cheap construction !
49	AlarmClock	POS	5	after use for 15 year everyday and everywhere , somebody sit down on it and break it . I be so happy they be still availabe . until I get they for all my grandchild who be not bear yet , please keep make this wonderful clock .
154	AlarmClock	POS	5	we love we Neverlate - in fact , we have two in the house ! the radio sound really good in comparison to most alarm clock , and obviously be able to set a different alarm time for each day of the week be pretty cool . this clock be a great idea , and work very well .
975	AlarmClock	NEG	1	boy ... do I goof !! I think this be a atomic clock . turn out all it do be reset itself from regular time to daylight savings etc. . not what I need . I want one that reset after the power go out ... or if you move it from spot to spot . I really do think it be self setting ... sorry . I would have give he no star if that be a option . how in the world can a `` atomic '' clock be so wrong ! sorry for yell . . but this be beyond ridiculi . it be actually 14 minute fast ... and as mention by someone earlier there be no way to make correction . what a waste . complaint # 2 be that ... if someone need big number so as to see they wothout glass ... it might also follow that they hearing be not as sharp as it once be . the alarm ??? on this thing be not as loud as mant of the bird outside my window each morning . I be hopeful this review will help someone make a different choice when purchase from this company .
285	AlarmClock	POS	5	I be really glad I order this clock . the light flash several minute before the alarm go off . I usually wake up to that . there be many different option on the alarm . it be face be always light up so you can see the time if you awake during the night , but not too bright to light up the room . I be very picky with clock and I absolutley love this clock .
21	AlarmClock	POS	4	the Soleil Sunrise Alarm clock do what be advertise it help wake you up easier and more alert that a standard alarm clock . the radio do work , but only on strong station . I also quickly remove the translucent housing over the bulb , do that allow the lamp do its job . the clock work best in pitch black where the lamp will light up the whole room . be the alarm worth it , if you need to wake up early in the morning , and then yes . could it be better , yes a clear lamp housing , and a better radio would be great addition .
778	AlarmClock	POS	5	over the last year I have purchase three of these for we home . it be a nice size clock and display screen . the only flaw be that the time on all three clock be not the same . one clock be 6 minute behind the rest . this be easily fix by hold down the DST button for 5 seconds and manually change it . I believe Chaney have discontinue this clock as it be no longer list on they website .
706	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I order this for a trip and it arrive the day I be leave , which bum I out because the blue night light do not work . on the trip it be drop once and after that the light work ... once . I be go so long that I be not able to return it . at least it be inexpensive . my recommendation be go to elsewhere if you want a user friendly , work travel alarm clock .
233	AlarmClock	POS	4	nice litte piece of kit . if u want this for a alarm clock , the clock display turn off after 10 seconds or so , so useless as a clock throughout the night . 20 sound be good noise , the white noise be not a calming noise , as smooth as say a fan . well make , just not loud enough to block outside noise if u want a kip Sunday afternoon or hotel room etc. .
421	AlarmClock	POS	5	I purchase this for my daughter go off to college . she have never be able to wake up to a `` normal '' alarm clock . she be a extremely heavy sleeper but the shaker and incredibly loud alarm always wake she up . I do not think she be ever late to class . she even have friend order they once they hear hers . she take it overseas with she , plug it in and `` fry '' it due to the different wattage . I immediately purchase another one when she return to the US . one of the best `` off to college '' purchase we make !
242	AlarmClock	POS	5	good little clock all the way around . very happy with it . the only problem be that it be package poorly and something be rattle on the inside . do not seem to affect the clock .
228	AlarmClock	NEG	1	I do not know why this say that it be so loud ... it really be not . I be kind of disappointed . I buy it for a friend who be a deep sleeper , and be hope to wake the dead with the sound , but the alarm my husband buy at Wal Mart for $ 9.99 be about 3x louder . I think the only reason someone would want this be for the bed shaker attachment ... but definitely not the alarm tone ... it be annoy ... but not too loud . I think my phone ring louder than this .
976	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it be so small it do not bother I at all . if light really really bother you this may work . it be a lot of money for very little product . I now have a biobrite with white noise . I wish the BioBrite have a radio instead of a beep backup , but I be not asleep by then anyway since the light have wake I up .
