index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
58	Baby	NEG	1	I wish this seat have be test and revise before final production because it could be a great car seat . instead , the way that it fit into the seat as a rear face seat make it impossible to adjust the tightness of the strap , which equal a unsafe fit for you child . very disappointed . it may be different as a forward face seat , but that do not help we or own 6 month old . as insult to injury , the instruction be clearly -lrb- very poorly -rrb- translate from a foreign language , which make it impossible to understand . you basically just use common sense to get the seat latch because the direction make no sense . this be a huge hassle and I plan on return it immediately .
128	Baby	POS	5	I be hesitant to buy this product - I have shower door , and no review mention door , just curtain ... I be happy to say , it do work with my shower door -lrb- see picture -rrb- and meet we need . the two tray be tight to slide together -lrb- as mention in other review -rrb- . once adjust however , I know they 'll stay put . we toy fit well inside the basket ; there be more space than I expect . my daughter have -lrb- so far -rrb- be good about pick up she toy after she bath , so I can happily announce that they be no longer scatter across the tub and floor after every bath ! I be able to move the basket to the front , middle , or rear of the tub -lrb- depend on who be use it at the time -rrb- . for those review that say this be a unsafe product - the first warning read , `` Bath Storage Basket be not to be use to assist in balance . use only as intend : to hold toy , bath care item , etc. '' I would not want my child pull themselves up on something plastic and unsecured anyway , especially in the tub . clearly it be not go to be stable unless bolt down . if you think you child will be pull themselves up , no tub storage would be a good idea for you ... or , just remove the basket during bath time . I would certainly buy this product again , or recommend it to a friend .
148	Baby	POS	5	these spoon be great ! the long handle be perfect for feed , particularly early on . initially , I think the spoon part be too deep , but actually it fit great into my daughter 's mouth and make it easier to feed more liquidy food . now that she be start to use spoon to feed herself a bit , these be not as easy for she to use , but I definitely recommend they early on .
794	Baby	POS	5	these be SO adorable to spruce up any outfit because they go with almost anything . they be also nice to keep on hand in the diaper bag when you be not sure what dress the weather permit . I have be able to put my daughter in cute little rompers with these and a sweater , even though it be be a chilly spring . I be so happy with they , I just buy another pair for a shower gift ! love ! love ! love !
333	Baby	POS	5	Perfect for twin . Perfect for a single child . I use it for bottle and for all my pump supplies . we have one for my sister when she visit with the twin . both rack fit in a nice small space in a corner of countertop space . do not try to sterilize the rod that run through the top and bottom rack unless you have a pot large enough . hot metal and plastic do not mix . the rod will warp . great product .
609	Baby	POS	5	this be the best bib and now it be the only one my 17-month-old son want to wear . it be easy to clean , dishwasher safe , stay on when properful fasten , and the design ALWAYS catch fall food . my son will even snatch the food out of he bib to eat it when he notice it be fall . only downfall be that it also catch liquid and sometimes he will fold the bib up -lrb- he like to tuck it under he chin for some reason , I think so he can get a better view of he high chair tray -rrb- , so it spill out . this be a must-have bib if you have a lively baby\/toddler who like to assert his\/her independence when eat . we friend who do not have one marvel at this bib whenever they first see we son use it . make for a lot less mess and faster clean-up .
404	Baby	NEG	1	I hate these bowl . I be go to return they . the lid be super hard to get off and the suction do not work at all ! sometimes I can get the bowl to stick for a matter of seconds , and I can not get they off . then my son reach over and pull they off with no effort at all . if these be wash in the dishwasher and the suction cup be touch anything during the dry cycle , it will become deform and ruin any chance you ever have of it suction . I would not recommend these to anyone .
395	Baby	NEG	1	its quality seem not good . I use it 5 time a day and 4 month till now . its motor sound be get louder a week ago . now it can not work anymore . my friend buy the same product at almost the same time and hers be break , too .  philip AVENT BPA Free Twin Electric breast pump , White
736	Baby	NEG	1	it seem like this product would work fine for plastic bottle , but when I be try to use it for my glass bottle , not only would the little peg not stay in so they be always fall all over the place , but the spin feature would not work with the heavier glass bottle . I would recommend the `` Prince Lionheart complete Drying Station '' instead . I have not try any other product , but the price lionheart product still have a small footprint and I can fit more bottle on it and access everything I need . good Luck !
259	Baby	POS	5	i love this product ! i dress my baby in long sleeve\/long leg all-in-one PJs , then place he in the sack . he stay nice and warm all night and can roll around the crib as much as he like !! although i try to avoid diaper change at night , if it be necessary the zip make it easy to change he without wake he up too much . it be super easy to wash with all he clothes and dry well in the dryer -lrb- i use the low heat setting -rrb- . definitely recommend this !!
905	Baby	NEG	1	I order this item over a month ago ... I be still wait for it !!! I know once I receive the product , we will love it , I have have they before , but I have never have anything take this long !!!
686	Baby	POS	5	we buy this sleepsack to take with we when we visit relative in colder weather . Baby seem to love it . we have to only dress he in a long sleeve onesie b\/c it be so warm . I wish they make this in a v-neck or lower neck version . all of the sleepsack tend to creep up on the little guy and we keep have to pull it down so it do not go over he face .
44	Baby	NEG	1	I never feel comfortable nursing my baby ... physically comfortable . I always feel like he be sit too high or too low to be comfortable . I think there be just no happy medium and that maybe I be do something wrong . after visit my lactation specialist she have a nursing wedge that I use and suddenly it feel so much more relaxing . I be not strain to hold he head in position like I do with the boppy . it be firm and not pillowey where he would sink into it . but I do not want to ditch the boppy so quickly after just buy it so I stick it out for a few more month then eventually just start prop he up with pillow until it feel comfortable . next baby I be get the nursing wedge !
687	Baby	POS	5	I have give Sophie Giraffe as a gift to two different young mother . my granddaughter be impressed that I know about Sophie G. it seem Sophie G be popular among she young mother friend . my granddaughter say that she son , my great grandson , love the toy and he four year old sister like it too . my husband and I be the godparent to my husband 's niece 's daughter who be now marry and just have a baby girl . mother and baby girl be please with Sophie G and Chan Blue . the giraffe toy remind I of my own daughter 's love of a giraffe toy when she be a infant . I recall how easily she hold onto and maneuver the giraffe in she hand bring the toy to she mouth . yes , I do have to keep wash the toy down .
349	Baby	POS	5	this be we baby 's favorite activity - he have much more fun in this than play with he toy . I also think this be great as it be make in Canada -lrb- which be rare to find nowadays -rrb- .
127	Baby	POS	4	I love this little sack . Snuggly and warm and adorable . we use it as she first Halloween costume and it be perfect for chilly October evening . my only complaint be that it run a bit small -- ours be size 0-6 month and it barely fit she at 3 month and she be on the small side . particularly , the hat be super small . she have a little pin-head -lrb- 25th percentile circumference -rrb- but the hat just barely fit . so be careful if you have a big-head baby . other than it run a bit small compare to how it be label it be a fantastic product .
554	Baby	POS	5	I buy this for my friend who be expect . I have call the baby `` peanut '' since she find out she be pregnant . when I give it to she at she shower a few week ago she love it ! it be so cute and soft ! it be the perfect gift !
727	Baby	NEG	1	I wrongly assume that if this company would not allow I to select a color , at least they would send a gender neutral color ? not the case , I receive pink for my son . Green , orange , yellow , red ... all acceptable color for both little boy and girl . I would not recommend . Update : the lens pop out after the 2nd wear . terrible product that be not even worth the $ 7 I pay .
457	Baby	NEG	1	this pump be pretty terrible . some people like it , and for some people it work for a week or a month before give up the ghost . maybe Evenflo have poor quality control standard , but mine do not even work once . I get barely anything , and it pinch painfully to boot . I use a medelum until the motor finally give out -lrb- it be a hand I down -rrb- , so it be not like I have never pump before . complete waste of money , as it sound like you be just roll the dice on if you get a good one or not .
573	Baby	NEG	1	it seem that every time we thaw the milk in these bag they have a hole in they and we end up waste a lot of the milk . it sort of defeat the purpose of freezing the milk if you be go to lose half of it ...
20	Baby	NEG	1	these bib have poor quality snap apply to they . they be difficult to get undo and within 1 week of use the snap break on 1 of the bib . the next one break a week later .
168	Baby	NEG	1	I be very excite to get these bowl in the mail because they be so cute , and the concept of have a suction bowl be -lrb- and be -rrb- appeal to I . my son love the bowl right away , as he be able to reach into the bowl for some puff to feed himself instead of have to push the puff around the table until he could finally grab one in he finger . I would also like to add that he eat tofu cube for the first time out of this bowl and love they ! however , I be disappointed because the suction on the bowl do not work for more than a few seconds . I be constantly push the bowl back down , which be disruptive to he meal . despite some of happy memory I have have with this bowl , I would not recommend buy these bowl because as ` suction bowl ' they do not serve they purpose .
131	Baby	POS	5	cutest leg warmer I have ever see ! they be very soft and extremely well make . I highly recommend these for little girl everywhere ! : o -rrb-
663	Baby	NEG	1	I think these be the same burp clothes I receive as a gift at my shower . these cloth be rough on the baby and not very big . I would not buy these again .
785	Baby	POS	5	seriously , cuter than the picture -lrb- and almost as cute as the litte girl in the picture -rrb- ! they come in a cute , partially clear pastic packaging , so that they could be display appropriately . love they !
189	Baby	POS	4	my 3 1\/2 month old love this sleep bag . it keep she nice & warm without the worry of a loose blanket . I would have give this 5 star if i have recieve the sleep bag in the print i have order . we order the fairy print , size small . we get a sleep bag with fairy print , but not the fairy print show in the picture . so that be dissapointing & quite confusing but none the less , we love it & use it every night .
328	Baby	NEG	1	these mitten last about half a day . they be soft , which might be the only plus . the elastic stretch out so quickly that the mitten do not stay on my son 's hand and he wind up scratch himself . originally I be worry the elastic would leave a mark on he since he be a big boy but that be clearly not the case . I do not recommend buy this product .
64	Baby	POS	5	I get these sleep sack in several different color b\/c my daughter spit up or have diaper leak so often . as with many if not most other toddler , she kick off she blanket several time every single night . these solve the problem ! depend on how cool it be , I pair they with either short-sleeved or long-sleeved top . they be very roomy in the bottom but now that my daughter 's 18-mo , I leave they half-way zip so that she can move she leg about . -lrb- slightly defeat the purpose but now that it be June , and not to mention , she like it on the cool side , it be okay to have bare leg . I just want at least she torso to be cover -rrb- . she would be complain for the last couple month about not be able to move she leg round . I have also get she a wearable blanket for toddler and get to use it for two night before she diaper leak ... however , that be for another review ! bottom line , I love these sleep sack and highly recommend they .
952	Baby	POS	5	both the blue and the pink Vulli Chan Pie Gnon Soft Chew Toy be order , one for each of my lovely twin granddaughter . I be hope they would chew on they own -- that do not work but they do like they . order be simple and they arrive very quickly with no problem . thank you !
267	Baby	NEG	2	have I write this review before this past weekend I would have give this pack-n-play 5 star . we have have one of these for a little over 2 year and be completely happy with it until now . this past weekend a small plastic piece in the folding mechanism on the bottom of the play yard fail . GRACO be unable or unwilling to sell a replacement part and they have say there be nothing they can do . the customer service rep -lrb- contact via email -rrb- be pleasant enough and give we a rebate form which be good for $ 40 . I do not know if we will spend almost $ 200 -lrb- again -rrb- for a `` premium play yard '' that wont last .
841	Baby	POS	5	I be hesitant to order leg warmer as I be not sure they would be useful . now , I be a believer ! they be great on these fall day when my granddaughter , 5 month , be in a onesie , but we have the window open in the house . I also take they to restaurant for a\/c chill . these ballet slipper be cute as can be . I have launder they numerous time and they still hold they shape and softness .
984	Baby	NEG	2	this seat get point for comfort . my son would not sit on a hard seat . however , I just go to clean the cushion ring . it be FULL of AMMONIA from the urine . I can not get it out . my son have a rash on he bottom . I think it be from the disinfect cloth that I be use to wipe down the seat and potty . turn out he be get a ammonia burn ! Gadzooks ! why be the ring not impermeable to liquid ??? I be throw it away . we 'll switch to a vinyl soft toilet-mounted seat .
781	Baby	POS	5	before I leave the house I throw this necklace around my neck . my daughter be 6 month old and know this be hers to chew away . you cant even tell its a teethe ring and I feel safe know she wont drop it on the floor .
635	Baby	NEG	2	these bowl be a good size for my son -lrb- 10 month when I buy these -rrb- -- the large one for meal , smaller for snack . but the lid be very hard to get on and off and the suction take he all of about 10 seconds to get loose . not so great .
637	Baby	NEG	1	this absolutely do not fit the Chico Keyfit 30 car seat . these car seat do not snap into the frame . do not waste you time purchase ! we have to return .
983	Baby	POS	5	I try many a sleep sack . my little guy love be swaddle and would not go to sleep with out swaddle . but when he get too big for swaddle the thing that keep he warm and comfortable and able to sleep through the night be the baby deedee sleep nest . I get the size medium and my 6 month old boy be pretty big and long , a s big as he 1 year old friend . the sack be roomy and warm . the glow in the dark zipper be a nice touch . the zipper be big and easy to use unlike some I have try . the material be quality and he sleep in it every night , and all through the night . one night my husband forget to put he in it and he wake up all through the night . in the spring I will need to get the next size up . great product .
726	Baby	NEG	1	so I be currently take care of my 4th kid so I know a few thing about freezing milk . we have pack a freezer full of milk for 4 kid now over the past several year . Problem with these bag - when dunk a bag of frozen breast milk into hot water to thaw it out - the bag rip - a small hole will inevitably leak out milk . its happen about 70 % of the time out of the last 30 bag I have have to thaw . absolutely ridiculous . how hard can it be to make a milk storage bag ? the plastic need to be thicker .
995	Baby	POS	5	I get these cute , adorable mitten for my little guy a few week ado and they be such a steal . we recieve they when we be suppose to , and I be worry a little worried that they may be too rough , however , be pleasantly surprise by how soft they be ! I get one of the simpler design , and will definitely get more : -rrb- thanks for the friendly service and great product !
379	Baby	NEG	2	this item be over price . how can you expect anyone to pay that much for a child item which they grow out of so quickly . I think it should be in the $ 20 price range .
669	Baby	POS	5	Got this in the mail and put it on my 2 month old daughter that night . she love it !! and I love it ! Super soft -lrb- get softer the more I wash it -rrb- , beautiful print , and great weight for the summer and into the fall . stain have come out of the fabric great . great quality . she like this much better than be fully swaddle .
453	Baby	NEG	1	not sure how this even have the word `` bounce '' in the name . it do not even come close to bounce . we order this for my eight month old , and it arrive yesterday . we assemble it and instantly decide it be go back . here be the issue : 1 -rrb- low quality part do not fit together well . some be so tight it be impossible to get they assemble , other be so loose the baby himself could have dismantle they . 2 -rrb- base be rocky and unsteady 3 -rrb- seat say it be `` adjustable '' but really the way it adjust be the crotch portion be make shorter -lrb- as oppose to the leg extend -rrb- . all this do be move you baby up in the seat and make it easier for they to fall out . 3 -rrb- this do not `` break down for easy storage '' . once we decide it be go back , we disassemble it . it take two adult atleast 30 minute to get this thing apart -lrb- see bullet one -rrb- . 4 -rrb- no bounce . not even close . the goofy little `` bounce pad '' be just a plastic circle with some rubber band in it to give it a little `` give '' . there be no bounce go on with this toy .
428	Baby	NEG	2	I buy this after my second child be bear to protect we car 's seat from the child seat . I have the original thin Prince Lionheart from my first child and love it . this one be so bulky with the build in lip that it get in the way of anyone have to sit next to it in the car . also , the two part design cause so many problem as it constantly come undo cause the top portion to slip down -lrb- thus defeat the purpose of protect the seat -rrb- . it do catch spill , but the original thin seat saver do too and actually do a better job . I have just recently move the original one under my younger child and discard this one altogether . I will look for something else to put under my older child 's seat . I do not recommend this product .
43	Baby	NEG	1	the blanket be great . i buy multiple of it in various color and be impress with the quality of all of they . wash well with no shrinkage and hold the color . i highly recommend this item ... however , buy it from another storefront . after place my order i be send the wrong item . i contact the company and recevy no response day after day after day ... i finally have to contact amazon directly and they be the one who remedy the mix up . this great blanket be available elsewhere and that be where i suggest you buy it from .
91	Baby	NEG	2	I honestly do not mind the size of these burp cloth , and I think the fabric on the back be cute and fun . the biggest disappointment be the way the terry cloth fabric on the front and the pink fabric on the back shrink at different rate . the terry do not shrink at all , but the pink shrink a ton , so they will not lie flat -- they look contorted and rumply . every time I pull they out of the dryer I try to grab the corner and stretch they back to what they should be , but it be not even close . they look so bad this way that I will not take they out of the house because they be embarrassingly misshapen . however , I still give this item 2 star because I only pay like $ 4 . xx for a pack of 4 burp , which be a fabulous price , and they be still useable even if they be ugly and contorted .
675	Baby	POS	5	these sleep sack be so cozy for the little one . it give I a great feeling of comfort know that my guy would not end up tangled in he blanket at night . we keep we house cool during the winter time so we could dress he in normal pajamas and still use this sack . in the summer time we would put a short sleeve and shorts pajama set on he and use this sack . he never wake up too hot or too cold so I think they work great . cream color be nice and neutral for either gender .
830	Baby	POS	4	this shirt be so cute , I buy this for my granddaughter and it fit she perfect . I love it on she .
814	Baby	NEG	1	I buy this potty chair because the description on the box make it seem like a good one . however the blue sit do not attach to the chair and just sort of sit on top , so if you have a whiggler , it will move . my son be very uncomfortable with it .
920	Baby	NEG	2	I have be use this pump for over 8 month now . the only thing I like about this product be maintain my milk supply . I have use other product but its not as efficient . I be close to exclusively pump since the 4th month and I pump about 7 to 8 time per day and it break down on the 7th month . customer service do promptly replace the product without too much trouble . however , when I question about the milk get into the tube , they just say , `` its ok '' you just sterilize it and disregard if its clouded . I really doubt this one as its very impossible to thoroughly sterilize the tube . so , I have to buy replacement tube so often . I could have buy a better kind with all the money I spend from replacement tube . it have soo many part too that you need to wash every use . I guess there be other type that be fewer part to wash after each use .
11	Baby	NEG	2	I get these lock because I do not want my son pull all the stuff out of the kitchen cabinet all the time . but they would not work with the way we cabinet be build and when I put they in drawer , they be pretty easy to pull off with just the adhesive . and two break when unsuspecting relative give they a tug think something be stick in the drawer\/cabinet . I be impress by the mechanic of how they work , but in the end it be just easier to put the non-child-friendly item out of reach . however , if you have a drill and the time to put they with screw - and you cabinet have the right size lip inside and the drawer be snug , it might really be what you be look for . my advice - get a couple and see if they work before buy into the whole system , which be what I do .
797	Baby	POS	4	this be we favorite brand of bib . we have try a number of other brand and type of bib before , but these be the best . the Bumkins SuperBib be make of a very lightweight waterproof material that be durable and easy to clean . the color and pattern be cute and cheerful . the size work well for my petite 3 year old -lrb- who be about the size of a average 2 year old -rrb- . the pocket often do not stay open wide enough though , so food sometimes fall down into my daughter lap and booster seat . turn it inside out usually help it stay open better . these be the best bib I have find .
21	Baby	NEG	2	while the sleep nest be nice and cozy , and nice to look at , there be a couple of thing about it that make I nervous . 1 : it off gas . the packaging it arrive in off gas a lot itself , so I imagine that the sleep nest absorb the plastic fume while it be sit in it . I wash the sleep nest once but it smell just as strongly . 2 : the arm hole be really large so the sleep nest have the potential to rise up and cover the baby 's face . I have no idea if this would happen or if it would matter for a older baby but my daughter move around a lot in she crib so after get a replacement from the company that have different packaging -lrb- and thus no off-gassing -rrb- , I still do not want to use the sleep nest . just a couple of thing to take into consideration !
807	Baby	POS	4	I accidentally buy the starterbib for my daughter of 8 month , and it be way too small . Make sure you get the normal size for any child over 6 month . that be say , I love the bumkin bib and use they for every meal . I do not know why I do not switch to they sooner ! I simply rinse they off after every meal and hang it on we towel peg to keep the pouch open .
102	Baby	POS	5	this toy be so cute ! my grandaughter be maybe too young to really appreciate it yet -lrb- 4 month -rrb- but I hope she 'll love it eventually . there be several other , and they be all really adorable .
273	Baby	POS	5	excelente manta abrigan mucho a tu bebe y son super suave ademas que el envio a miamus florida fue super rapido y luego el envio a venezuelum igual de rapido de verdad los recomiendo . saludos cordiales desde Caracas , Venezuela .
471	Baby	NEG	2	agree with all the other poster ... this spoon have some serious design issue . it be the right length and the spoon size be just right for a small mouth , BUT , the handle end be too heavy \* and \* it be round so you can not rest it on or in a bowl without it flip out or roll over\/out . nor can you rest it on a table w\/o it roll over . it be really really # $ @ ! % \* frustrate as it be something that I never remember to not do and so I would have spoon fall on the floor all the time . I do not know why they design it to be like a toothbrush -- what purpose do that serve ? all they have to do be make the back side of the handle part flat and use less plastic . Problem solve . the sad thing about this be that there be not any other spoon be make out there that be this size , so you have no choice but to buy this one . I could not wait until we could use regular teaspoon .
934	Baby	NEG	2	I choose this pump by process of elimination base upon negative Amazon review of other pump : - the Medela have bad review indicate milk get in the tube , and a friend who have one confirm that this can happen . do not want to deal with this . - the Ameda and equivalent Lansinoh have negative review on a obnoxious beep sound during operation - this sound rather annoying . the Avent pump 's negative review just seem like miscellaneous whining , or random malfunction -lrb- which can happen with any brand -rrb- . so I go for it . my wife be not thrill with the Avent pump . the feature to customize the pump rhythm seem to be both unnecessary and a burden . she want to just turn the pump on and let it run , not mess with complicated control . once you mess with the adjustment once , you can never really get back to the factory setting . also , the pump be pretty loud -lrb- louder than the Medela hospital grade pump we rent -rrb- . further , the pump be not compatible with the glass bottle I buy , and adapter be not available . we probably would have keep the pump , but it die in less than 2 week and 10 use . the pump simply do not pump anymore , and the internal be loose and rattle within the pump housing - something be break . send this back , will try the Medela pump in Style .
653	Baby	NEG	1	my eight-month-old have be sit up and eat solid for several month now and , of course , he make a mess every time , since he be , well , eight month old . I get this bib , think it would be nice to have one I could just rinse off after feed he , rather than have to wash a bib every meal . unfortunately , the Bibbity be \* ridiculously \* wide , to the point that he have a lot of trouble reach around it to get at he food . since we feed he a lot of finger food , this be a major deal-breaker . he get frustrated , and eventually just move the bib around so that he can use one arm properly , and then the pocket at the bottom be nearly perpendicular to the floor and most of he shirt be go to get food all over it . the little indent on the side for the arm be positioned approximately at the top of he shoulder , even when the neck of the bib be not touch he neck , which be not exactly what I would call `` useful '' . I be kind of astonished that it be so poor a fit ; he be eight month old , and wear 12m clothing -lrb- at 29 '' tall and 20lb -rrb- ! there be no way this would be a workable bib for a newborn ; I think it might work for he when he be 18 month , but certainly not now .
689	Baby	POS	5	we be move from the rainforest bassinet -lrb- with Mobile -rrb- to a big crib . I really want to move to this mobile because it have the same `` character '' to it . it be a bit quiet and on the bassinet mobile , I be able to start louder to get she attention and drown out other sound , then turn down the sound once she be focus in and ready to be soothe -- this be very effective and I do not have that choice with this mobile . another thing the bassinet have be a flash light feature that help to draw she in and become ready to be soothe - also absent on this mobile . the music on this mobile be better quality than on the bassinet mobile . this mobile be a very nice one and I be please with it , although I would like it even better if the feature from the bassinet mobile be incorporate into it .
522	Baby	NEG	1	I purchase this bib because the concept be great and the design be so attractive . but like other have say , only one side be laminate and so mold and stain develop and be impossible to get out . for a relatively pricey item , this be a huge disappointment . I have to toss it out and would not recommend it .
567	Baby	POS	5	Got these burp clothes in addition to the towel and wash clothes . they be high quality - good absorbancy - and we have wash they several time and they have hold up very well . very cute . also more than enough to clean up spit-up .
129	Baby	POS	5	we love thirsty diaper cover . they fit we baby well and we almost never have any leak or blowout . Super easy to use , even Gramma like they !
123	Baby	POS	5	I purchase this as a gift for Christmas ... my granddaughter have not get it yet . . but I love it and I be sure she will . it be soft and bright color . can not wait to give it to she .
749	Baby	NEG	1	these be def . the worst burp pad I have ever come across . for starter , they be tiny -lrb- not to mention that they also shrink ! -rrb- . secondly , after one wash only , they look as if they have be use a million time . the material be horrible - rough , fade and not smooth - I can not even let my baby put he head over these thing . in all , this be a waste of money and I would stay clear of they .
88	Baby	NEG	2	I order this as a gift but return it . it say 0-6 month , but it be quite large . it be not very pretty and look cheap .
710	Baby	POS	5	simple to install and work perfectly . I would not purchase any other brand or type . blow away compete product .
864	Baby	POS	5	when my son hit 22 pd at about 8 mo , I start research several convertible car seat and do many check on the NHTSA -lrb- National Highway Traffic Safety Administration -rrb- website , finally to have decide on this seat . here be my finding . - it rank very high with the NHTSA -lrb- REAR FACING - 5 star for eval of label , eval of instruction , secure the child & overall ease of use and 3 star for installation feature ; forward face - 5 star for all of the above -rrb- . - it be very roomy ; however , do not take up too much space in the back of my Nissan Xterra -lrb- which actually have a pretty tight back seat -rrb- . - the 5-point harness system be very easy to clasp together -lrb- much easier than my son 's Baby Trend infant car seat -rrb- . - I take it to my local fire station to install and it be the first one of its kind the fireman have install and it take he all of about 5 minute to install after read the manual . he do cut a large pool noodle into 3 short piece and put underneath the front of the seat , rear face , to secure the accurate position . I feel very confident I could install it on my own if I need to move it -lrb- which I have not yet -rrb- . - my son seem to love he new seat ! he have fall asleep in it a few time and have not slump over , like I read about with other convertible car seat . - the fabric and cushioning be very nice . I do not want the fabric that be too soft because it can get very hot in summer month , so I go with this kind that be more like a soft , yet heavy material . I really like it ! I be nervous it would not be soft enough , but I have no complaint . - overall - great value , great car seat , great look , great safety rating ! I 'll try to take some photo and post also .
643	Baby	POS	5	I love this little bib ! I buy it as a whim to go with the splat may -lrb- which be awesome ! -rrb- and I really like it . I just buy another one . the can go in the wash machine fine , do not soak through and have a little catcher bit at the bottom . also , my daughter -lrb- as of yet - 9.5 -rrb- do not pull they right off when she try . the velcro be adjustable , so my 9.5 year old and my 3 year old can both wear this and they both like it ! total side bonus - very cute !
866	Baby	NEG	2	while the brush initially do a good job clean the bottle , the metal shaft that attach the sponge to the handle rust within a couple of week . it be a poor design -lrb- a baby product that be design to use wet should not rust -rrb- . I would not purchase again !
2	Baby	POS	5	we have use halo sleepsack for we son for a long time now . I be always a little weary of these early walker sleepsack as I like the idea of he foot be cover and cozy . however , once we move to a warmer climate my son be too warm in he normal fleece halo sleepsack . I figure the early walker sleepsack would be great because it would be kinda like have a blanket on and stick you foot out to stay comfortable temperature wise . so I buy two of these and love they ! my son be 15 month and tall - 32 inch - and these fit he great . he wear the size large\/12 -18 month with some room to grow . it do drag on the ground a bit , but not to the point of trip he up . love these ! I wish they make they in a cotton version also .
65	Baby	NEG	1	great idea but will not suction to we wood table or formica counter top . only suction to smooth plastic top of highchair . and have to resuction to highchair several time during meal .
847	Baby	POS	4	this be a great bottle brush and I love that the end clean nipple -lrb- a huge lifesaver when you be bottle feeding breast milk -rrb- . I have to replace this brush once every two month because the sponge do seem to break down\/discolor over time . but for the price , I do not really mind .
417	Baby	NEG	1	absolutely awful ! I buy these because I could not find anymore at the store . I love the design ; it be cute and not full of today awful cartoon character . I even think it be nice that I get 8 bib instead of 6 . after one wash , 4 of the bib be rip at the neck line . and 1 completely destroy . I never even get to use they . I be highly disappointed !!
597	Baby	POS	5	my little guy be just start to eat solid , so this be a perfect bib for a smaller baby . the surface area be not large enough for a toddler , but be the perfect size for a infant . I use this bib while travel and it roll up nicely . I love it because you can wipe it clean with a wet wipe at the table , without have to wash it with every use , keep I from have to have a collection of bib on hand . it also withstand scrub when I wash it with we soap wand at the sink . the silicone be very flexible compare to the Bjorn brand `` silicone '' bib that be stiff plastic . my son do not mind wear it ... there be several size setting to keep it from be tight or uncomfortable . a overall great purchase and I would give this as a gift . this one bib have replace we drawer full of wipeable bib .
610	Baby	POS	5	I purchase a variety of cloth diaper cover and I love the Imse Vimse cover . read the one star review , I guess you either love they or hate they . my daughter have be use these for about three month and I can not wait to get more . unlike the one star review , I do not have a problem at all with the velcro lose they `` stick '' , scratch my daughter or the cover keep in the moisture . quite the contrary ! they do not leak at all . sure , all cover will get a little wet , but they dry well and can be reuse before throw they in the wash machine . remember to not use dryer sheet . these cover be so soft , fit well and be lightweight . happy cloth diapering !
638	Baby	NEG	2	I just order this and it be go right back . my 2 year old , be below or average height and pretty skinny too and the bag be still too small . he do not have much leg room width wise either . it be a good light weight sack if you order one size up for you tot . too bad mine be too big for it . i really want to like it . update : i order the merino wool kid 2-4 for my tot and it be PERFECT . pricey but perfect . lot of leg room and it be snuggly warm .
800	Baby	POS	4	let I preface this with say I have 5 kid and nurse every single one of they . I have go through the old style evenflo pump , Lansinoh , Medela Harmony , Philips Avent , and hospital-grade electric dual medelum pump . of they all , the hospital grade Medela work the best , obviously . but of the remain , I be really surprised that this Evenflo Simplygo pump be the best runner up of the group . I have to be induce for emergency reason at 38 week . the baby be fine , but I have issue . she go home before I do , and I need to pump to keep up my supply . when I get home after have surgery I have to pump and dump due to the medication I be on . I run to target and pick up this Evenflo because it be pretty inexpensive and I figure I would primarily nurse so I do not need a pump for heavy usage . Baby be now 6.5 month old and this pump work just as well as the day i buy it ! all the other pump -lrb- aside from the hospital-grade medelum -rrb- mysteriously lose suction even after purchase replacement part - long before I hit 6 month with my other kid . at first I be use it very frequently , but not so much anymore . it be a invaluable tool for the infrequent pumper . I can not say how it would hold up if you need it daily , but I think it would be okay . like - not too many part -lrb- compare to other pump -rrb- - pump well - do not leak - have never lose suction \* - milk do not get trap up in the pump - inexpensive \* once after wash I find it do not have good suction . if you remove the pump horn from the bottle and press the little blue flap against the plastic flange piece it be attach to -lrb- so no air can get through -rrb- , screw the bottle back on , pop you boob in the horn , and start to pump , the suction will return because you have create a vacuum effect . dislike - this thing be LOUD . there be no quietly pump with this pump - Kind of a awkward design . without the foot attach to the bottom of the bottle , this pump fall over . Great little pump for the price ... just do not plan on use it in Church .
242	Baby	NEG	1	horrible , the back be not at all like the package or the image shown-it be sharp edge and ridged and do not stay up in any way
579	Baby	NEG	1	I wish I have not spend money on these . they be cheap and do not hold up . please save yourself the frustration and buy higher quality bib . these only get 2-3 use . there be nothing water resistant about these .
939	Baby	POS	4	I have 4 of these seat saver in various color -lrb- gray and tan - no black -rrb- . I have almost no complaint about these , they do they job . my only gripe be one that I have see mention in other review here , and that be that the back section do not come up high enough ... nowhere near as high as most carseat . as a result -lrb- depend on the carseat you use -rrb- there could be some mark leave on the back of you seat . as for the rest of my review , these seat saver do a great job . they be make of a semus hard rubber material and no matter what the base of you carseat be like , it will not damage or dent the bottom of you vehicle 's seat surface . many of the other brand be just fabric and foam and I feel like some carseat would press right through when anchor down tightly . Might as well use a old towel if that be the direction you be think about go in . a add benefit be these tend to catch a lot of drop snack and cereal and will contain anything spill on they . that be a plus ! as for some of the complaint I have read here , anyone who say that they kid ' carseat move around too much with these seat saver be simply not anchor they carseat tightly enough . I have 4 of these seat saver and have use they in 3 different vehicle over the last 4 year and none of my carseat move . if you find you carseat move around they be not tight enough ... ask someone to help you tighten they . I have never see any discoloration as a result of use these , though I have only use the tan and gray version on tan , gray and black leather seat . I suppose it might be possible for the black seat saver to discolor a lighter color fabric or leather . I also see a review that claim the seat saver stick to leather and destroy the seat . I have never see this happen in 4 year , though if I have to guess base on my experience , a child probably spill some juice on the seat and it eventually `` glue '' the seat saver to the seat . my advice ... clean up spill quickly and clean underneath you kid ' carseat regularly and you will be fine !
257	Baby	NEG	2	that be essentially because the only thing hold it to the car seat be the pass-through for the buckle between the leg , so it tend to rotate around that point . I do not know why they do not cut slit on the side for the waist belt to pass through .
787	Baby	POS	5	when I receievd my first Birpy bid I be so impressed that I order three more ! this be my go-to item I can not live without . I have tell other mom of the quality and multi-use of this item . I just wish they come in more pattern !
370	Baby	NEG	1	we get this as a gift for we daughter , who be only 16month , but be show sign of interest in potty training because we be train she older brother . after month of trial we have finally have some success with he on the  Fisher-Price precious planet Froggy friend Potty  now that he finally get it , but still need a potty chair , we think we would introduce she to she own chair , and the 3-in-1 be what be give to we . we keep he out and portable , but keep this one in the bathroom since it double as a step-stool for hand-washing . that be about all it be good for , at least for a boy . the few time we have use it for he , the shield be basically useless for he . he have to lean forward and really hold still to keep it under the shield . and when he do get the stream under the shield , it just end up all go under the cushy seat , and soak in like a sponge . the opening in the seat be very small , and hard to keep both front and back part of a boy over . so if # 2 be not directly in the center of the seat of the bowl , and the seat be a sponge , it be pretty hard to get clean out . at least not in a timely matter of `` yay ! success ! '' then wash hand , dance and reward the training toddler . you 'll have to come back later -lrb- after just a few minute -rrb- and clean it , but hopefully fast enough that the mess have not all absorb into the sponge . maybe it 'll work better for we daughter , who be smaller and do not need to worry about a shield guard . but for boy , get a different potty chair .
138	Baby	NEG	1	hey ? be you kid not drool enough ? be he be tease and the park because he do not have a big drool stain down he shirt ? then this be for you ! this just seem to get every ounce of drool out of he mouth and on to everything within a throw distance . he would load up the drool launcher and fling it all over . all in all , pretty gross ! in reality , I would not mind drool everywhere if it help with the tooth . it do not . he still seem upset and ouchy , and now wet ! and it do not seem very interesting either ... he would have it in he mouth a minute top and then it would get throw somewhere . not worth the effort .
235	Baby	POS	5	we have be use the standard child lock throughout we house but we have a few drawer where the countertop overhung too much and we could not get we finger in between to unlock the drawer . these magnet lock work perfectly . I would like to put these throughout the house if they be cheaper . they work really well but its a good idea to order some extra magnet key . my wife keep lose they throughout we house and we get lock out of we drawer !
114	Baby	NEG	2	I order think baby bowl because there be so many good review about it and my 4 month old baby have start solid , plus it make from stainless steel and plactic free . I want to order the bowl and there be a `` add-on '' item which be the spoon and fork set . I think iam gonna give it a try , but once the item arrive i be so surpised on how small it be . if you put inside the bowl it will just drown in the bowl , the size of the spoon and fork be exactly as wide as the bowl 's diameter . . iam a tall woman with a long finger , it be very inconvenient for I to feed my son with this spoon . but the handle of the spoon be really soft for the baby and the spoon be deep enough for the little mouth . maybe i can keep it and give it to he once he reach 6 month old or so to feed himself . but this utensil be not make for parent who want to feed they baby , the size be ridiculously SMALL !! but i love think baby bowl , i have 2 set of they , definitely gonna purchase it again in the future .
884	Baby	POS	5	I be so happy with this purchase . I get the maroon and the olive , and while they do not look like gem , they pass as real jewelry . they do pick up fuzz and cat hair but a quick rinse take care of that -lrb- and consider it be go in you child 's mouth , it be not a bad thing that it need to be rinse now and again ! -rrb- not only be these great to wear when I be wear my baby while we be out and about -lrb- it be right in front of she and she can grab it and gnaw on it to she heart 's content -rrb- these be fantastic when she be fussy : I dangle it like a pendulum in front of she , which immediately get she attention and she grab it and chew on it . between these , a wooden teething ring , and Sophie the giraffe , she be a pretty happy teether .
828	Baby	NEG	1	the bowl be fine , but the suction do not work for even a minute on the smoothest plastic . definitely would not buy it again .
671	Baby	NEG	1	just like the other have say , the cushion on this potty get so nasty . it just absorb any fluid waste . just plain yucky . and you can not use the potty without the cushion ! I have try soak it in bleach water , but who want to do that every day ? the bleach break down the cushion make it feel sticky\/gummy . bad , bad , bad .
544	Baby	POS	5	I get this mobile as a Christmas present for my grandaughter who love to be carry . she love the music & watch the leaf move & most importantly it allow mom & dad to have a break to do chore without she cry to be pick up . I also love that when she outgrow the mobile it turn into a night light .
291	Baby	POS	5	I be not expect much style when I order this outfit . we want a warm , long-sleeved , organic cotton outfit for we granddaughter who have sensitive skin . it be so much nicer than the picture show . Pretty , stylish , soft , and very well make . Tadpoles really need to get better at show off they clothing .
997	Baby	POS	4	it have help my son sleep better thru the night and the sound be very soothing .
670	Baby	NEG	2	I want to love the Baby Soy gown but they do not fit well . my newborn be totally average size . she be 7lbs 2oz at birth and 21 " . these gown fit she for a week -lrb- she be 7lb at she 5 day pediatrician visit -rrb- . the gown be very short and way too tight at the bottom . also , the hand opening be tiny , which make get baby into these a real pain . I be disappointed because the fabric be so soft and the design be adorable .
501	Baby	POS	5	this be a must have ! First of all , it stay on for about 20 minute at a time and if any parent want they child to learn to go to bed on they own with out you rock they to sleep every night , this be the key . I put he in the crib and although he fuss for a few minute the movement and music slowly lull he to sleep . Second of all if 20 minute do not do it , you can use the remote control to start it back up so you baby do not hear you come back into the room . it be great and now he go to sleep on he own at night without it be a big ordeal . also , if we turn it on in the morning , right before he really wake up , he will stay in the crib fuss free for a extra 20 minute so I can get ready . it be great , you will love it !
572	Baby	POS	5	when I be register for my baby shower I see this . it be to cute to take a chance on not get it . so I purchase it myself . it be so cute ! the bunny tail on the back be adorable and there be the cutest little gift tag on it that look like a package of seed . so it would make a great gift to : -rrb-
232	Baby	NEG	1	after view the picture , I be excite about this baby hat . the pom pom look very cute , and the hat be say to be make of wool . its name also suggest that it be come from Korea . well , after wait for several week , I finally receive a small parcel with the sign `` China Post '' on it . I open it , and there it be . the hat be cover in some white stuff , which I think be some packing fluff at first , but it turn out to be glue fiber . who on earth would glue pom pom on a baby hat ? and glue they so that the glue -lrb- it seem to be the type of glue one would use with a glue gun -rrb- would go through the `` wool '' and actually touch\/scrape the baby 's head ? also , there be nothing here to suggest that it be , indeed , make of wool . I be extremely disappoint in this product and will try to return it , though if I be to pay for return shipping to China , I guess it stay with I . just look at the picture that I take of this hat , and do not bother order it . Update : after contact the company about a refund , I promptly receive they reply with a apology for the low quality of this product , and they refund I money that I pay for the hat -lrb- but not the shipping cost -rrb- .
310	Baby	NEG	2	really want to like theses : -lrb- ... but they be just too tight for my baby 's chunky little knee ! probably would be great for a baby with small leg
546	Baby	NEG	2	the photo of these shoe be so cute and classy , my mom and i decide to buy they for my twin for they riverside baptism . the shoe be be describe for use on newborn to infant . well my 7month old girl be small but they foot be bigger than newborn so we think we be safe . we pay barely anything for the shoe itself but quite a bit for shipping since we need to guarantee they arrive before the ceremony . they do arrive on time . but unfortunately , not only do they look absolutely nothing like the picture , they be way too big for they foot . they be make of stretchy material that do not retain shape and look much less classy . I give it a 2 star review because at least the shoe should be usable next year for fun as they seem to be at least well put together . Wish the picture have match the actual product . thanks
621	Baby	POS	5	I love this finger protector . my 10 month old love to open and close door . this gadget be easy to use . I love that it slip on and off the door handle for easy storage . also great for travel as they be small and light !!!
86	Baby	POS	5	my son have use this for the past 4.5 month -lrb- start at age 13 month , since he be in the upper percentile for height -rrb- , and it have work like a charm . very durable - none of the stitching have fray at all , despite weekly washing . Perfect weight with a long-sleeved onesie in the summer -lrb- thermostat around 73 -rrb- or with fuzzy pajamas in the winter -lrb- thermostat around 66 -rrb- . it be roughly 3-4 '' longer than the Halo version that claim to fit the same age range , which have be great for we . overall , we have be very happy with this sleep bag ! Update : he be still use this bag at 26 month , though he be just start to approach the bottom edge of the bag . it be hold up well through many , many washing over the past year , and we still love it !
187	Baby	NEG	2	I purchase the J.I.P. Photo Print Bib , Camera and gifted it to my husband during we baby 's shower . he be quite the photographer . thus , this definitely get the `` aww '' from everyone at the event . pro : large size - this be long and wide , which be great at baby 's fourth month , the peak of they projectile spit up . quality bib - the green portion of the bib look and feel very durable and of quality . after several wash , it be still look near new . con : loud color - it do not easily blend with baby outfit , unless they have a bright avocado-colored shirt . cheap iron-on - it should be say that this be HANDWASH ONLY . otherwise , it shrink on the fabric or peel off .
166	Baby	POS	5	I order two of these and love they ! the only problem be that with my son 's very sensitive skin , he break out in a rash with it unless I put a little cloth one on over it . that work fine though . they be super easy to rinse and squeeze out and they dry pretty quickly . they also wash up well on a cold gentle cycle and then hang to dry . I like that the velcro in the back can be make tighter or looser . great product !
780	Baby	POS	5	my sister in law get one of these for my baby who be now two ... it have be a constant companion in the car , in she bed - everywhere . I love sleep sheep ! I now buy they for all of my friend have baby .
910	Baby	POS	4	i have one of these a aunt make I with my first child and i pass it on be i prefer those bib that you can rinse and easily dry in the sink but with my second child i find that he would not ever keep abib on and i get sick of change he shirt three time a day ... so i pay $ 18 for two of these bib . kinda spendy but i could not live without they . they be the only bib my 12 month old will keep on . my only wish be that they be that same material that you can rinse in the sink bc i feel like i need a dozen of these to stay on top of have a clean one .
321	Baby	POS	5	I love these sleepsack . I have both the fleece and cotton version . they be a excellent , safe alternative to use blanket in the crib . blanket be not the best choice these day as they be not safe -lrb- increase sid risk -rrb- and can easily be kick off , leave baby cold and cry . these be a natural next step to use after my baby outgrow the swadde -lrb- around 4 month -rrb- . I plan to keep get larger size as my baby grow . I love this product and would suggest it to all parent and caregiver out there .
885	Baby	POS	4	I get this for my 3 month old who have reflux , hope it would take more hit of spit up but remain drier than my other bib . the spit up still saturate the top portion of the bib , rest on she reddened neck . the bottom portion of the bib however do indeed protect better than the average bib . I like that there be two button , to adjust with grow baby .
975	Baby	NEG	1	too big around and too shallow for my 22 mo. old daughter . weird fit overall and would never stay on . cute , just all wrong otherwise . return it immediately .
95	Baby	POS	5	snuggly soft , give I peace of mind that she stay cover all night . we have use this brand of sack since she get out of the arm-wrap swaddle type , and it be now time for the next size up . it be as awesome as I expect .
704	Baby	NEG	2	very cute but absorb everything . they probably work really well with cheerio but that be not what I need they for . pasta sauce - absorb , watermelon juice - absorb , water - absorb . I find that they do not protect clothing underneath . but they be cute !
79	Baby	POS	5	we get the sleep sheep as a shower gift and have use it almost every day for 8 month . after all of this use we have only change the battery once . I love it so much that now that I be buy one for a friend .
631	Baby	NEG	2	I be hope that these would be thicker . they be super thin ... much thinner than a cheap hotel washcloth . I think I 'll be better off folding a burp cloth over the Bjorn front flap so we little one can chew on it without the saliva soak through . I be expect the bib to be more substantial than this , especially for the price .
50	Baby	POS	5	such a sweet , cute , little package with a whole set of sleep wear for a baby girl . great price and service !
345	Baby	NEG	1	this product should be recall . it be sell base on the premise of reduce sid by use it as a blanket . my husband and I be horrify to check on we child in the middle of the night -lrb- we movement monitor even beep to say he have stop breathing -rrb- and see all this material bunch up around he face !!! I be angry , and feel guilty for trust the claim of this product . -lrb- I just see that two other reviewer say the same thing on other color version of this same product -rrb- . I love the idea of this combo sleepsack\/swaddle . however , it be easy for a child to work his\/her finger out at the bottom of the swaddle arm - at least it be for we child . if you child can break out of other swaddle -lrb- which most of my friend kid can -rrb- then DO NOT USE the SWADDLE PART of THIS BLANKET ! how do be get mess up ? I put we child in the sleepsack\/swaddle a second time so I could watch -lrb- supervise -rrb- how the material end up bunch up . even with a tight swaddle , and the swaddle arm velcro would as low as they will go on the back of the sleepsack ... if the child bend they leg up at all , they finger can start to feel the bottom of the swaddle arm . then , the baby can work they finger and arm out from the bottom . the result be that the swaddle part bunch up around they neck and face -lrb- even with the little tab in the back secure -rrb- . recommendation : Halo should add velcro and\/or snap on the front of the swaddle arm to attach it to the sleepsack to keep it in place . use the `` swaddle I '' blanket instead for a safer swaddle option . there be less material , and the baby 's leg actually pull down on the swaddle , so it keep any loose material away from baby 's face if the baby manage to break out . -lrb- with this halo sleepsack\/swaddle , the baby 's leg do not help pull down on the swaddle arm -rrb- .
958	Baby	NEG	1	if I have see this outfit , I would not have buy it . there be a flimsy element that be not detectable in the picture .
798	Baby	POS	4	I think I should preface this review by say that I be a first time mom and have no other exersaucer related experience with which to compare this to . nonetheless ... what I like : - it be not as obnoxious look as some of the red\/purple\/every color in the world exersaucer that I have see - it have little foot that click down to make it more sturdy -lrb- something I do not realize until a couple of day ago and be very happy to discover -rrb- - the music be not obnoxious - it be very good for tall baby . my little guy have to stand on a pillow to use it , but my 9 month old nephew be here today and use it on the lowest setting and the ball of he foot just touch the bottom -lrb- which be how it be suppose to be use -rrb- . my sister be amaze because they have to use they exersaucer on the highest setting and he foot still touch flat foot . that be nice because we 'll be able to use it for longer . - it really do bounce well -lrb- which my nephew demonstrate -rrb- . maybe other 5 month old can get it go , but my little guy have not figure out that it can do that yet , though he can spin the seat around . what I do not like as much : - my nephew show I today that when you really get it bounce , it be really loud - my son be at a age where he really like to put thing in he mouth and there really be not much he can do that with on this . I have to put other toy on it so he can suck on they while he look at all the cool stuff the exersaucer have to offer . I think he 'll be able to reach the toy better when he be bigger . so far , I be really glad that this be the one we end up buying . we do get it on amazon for 79.99 though , so i be not sure why it be 20 dollar more now . maybe shop around .
419	Baby	POS	5	my son be 3 1\/2 month old and he sleep in he Halo Sleepsack every night . when he be a newborn we would swaddle he and then he out grow the need for it . when we use the swaddler wrap be be perfect . it be also just tight enough so he could not slip he little hand out . I also really like that it be so easy to clean !!! now he be wear a medium size sleepsack and it be perfect . I have notice that it also keep he on he back because it be hard to roll over in . that be so great because he be a little wiggly worm at night . over all this be a great product and I would recommend it to anyone with a baby !
965	Baby	NEG	2	we own the original size sleep sheep when my now-5 year old be bear , and although we like the product fine , it be not a must-have . when my youngest son -lrb- now 5 month old -rrb- start show sign of colic , we buy the travel version hope that it would help he to at least rest a little while we be out and about . the product have all kind of technical difficulty - there be a timer that be suppose to allow the sound to play for either 25 or 45 minute . do not work . the machine frequently shut off after a few minute , usually right as the baby be about to go to sleep which of course wake he back up . also , I often have trouble get it to play at all and have to fiddle for 5 minute with the volume knob and try different button to get it to start . it be not the battery because we change they constantly . just a faulty unit , I be sure but for $ 25 I expect better .
902	Baby	NEG	1	now that I have have this bib for a bit I hate it ! the neck be too big , it do not adjust well , and worst of all there be some sort of stabilizer or something on the back side that be peel off . its a huge mess and I worry that one of the kid will eat some of it as it fall off . I probably wash it wrong or something , but seriously , its a bib , one that get use everyday -lrb- or use to -rrb- I need to be able to wash it in hot water .
5	Baby	NEG	1	I buy this pump because the hospital say it be a great brand to buy . I be ready to throw it out the window . it start out you set you speed which be fine , but then part way through pump it will change the setting on you to either way to hard and it hurt very much , my nipple have come away raw from this dang machine , or it will go too light to the point where no milk even come out . it also do not pump both side equally . it will do the side that I put the main pump on -lrb- the one that you set it with -rrb- really good but then the other side wont hardly do it at all . I can be at 3 ounce on the one side and only have like 1\/2 a ounce on the other . I would never buy this stupid machine again . it be not worth the money !!!! by the way this be Jared 's wife : -rrb-
628	Baby	NEG	1	I be excite to buy this after read all the positive review , but my baby do not enjoy this teether and I be not even sure it be safe . the `` berry '' part seem to be glue onto the ring part , and even after boil it it have a peculiar smell . my daughter take one nibble and screw up she face as if it taste bad . I throw it away .
654	Baby	POS	5	this be a great way to storage you milk . I love this product since it give I more space and keep my milk organize .
40	Baby	POS	4	Thought I order a blanket . do not realize a blankie be a miniature version . the granddaughter both love it , though , and enjoy snuggle and carry it around .
948	Baby	POS	5	great bib ! love that they be solid color and they be pretty absorbant . I say pretty absorbant because my little girl expel ridiculous amount of drool and other thing all day every day so no big can really keep up with she . but these be soft and well make . I would definitely by more !
957	Baby	NEG	2	but my seven month old daughter hate it . she get so overheate , and it be only November . I can not imagine use this in hot weather . I finally just find a 100 percent cotton long sleeve bib from Etsy . this will not be use . what a waste of $ 30 dollar .
45	Baby	NEG	2	First of all , this tub be difficult to inflate . the instruction say you can blow it up by mouth , but that would take hour . we have two air pump , but neither one have the correct kind of fitting to match the valve on the tub . we eventually get the right kind of fitting and inflate it . we baby be very active right now and the bottom of the tub be extremely slippery . she be slide all over the place . she slip and fall face down in the water a couple of time . I grab she immediately and pull she out , but I do not think this be safe for active baby . we will not be use this tub .
532	Baby	NEG	1	I receive this bib and notice something be not right . instead of say " I love Santa " the bib read " I love s n a " it be miss the red a and t !! apparently no one check the product before it be send ! I be return it obviously .
198	Baby	POS	5	these cover be one of my favorite ! they be not to stiff or bulky and they fit perfectly with the corresponding GMD prefold !
602	Baby	NEG	2	we originally buy this potty chair because of the padded seat , think it would be great for we toddler . we be so wrong about it ! my toddler enjoy sit on it , that be not the problem ... the problem be , after 4 day of use this chair , it have develop a horrible urine smell ! the foam-type seat absorb the urine that spray , and alot of it will collect right under the seat so you have to clean it real well ! I like the concept of the seat , but the foam padding really suck and we waste money on this seat and will be get a new one .
928	Baby	POS	5	I have this sleep sack in small and medium and I plan on buy it in the large , if my little one be not stand up by then . we daughter like to kick she blanket off in the night and then would wake up because she be cold . we get the small sleep sack and she would sleep soundly through the night . she be 6 month old now , and 18 lb . and the medium sleepsack have be equally wonderful . I do not have to worry that she be get cold now , and she actually like to be zip up in it ! I also do not have to worry about blanket come untucked and be pull over she face . to wash , I just throw it in the washer and then the dryer and it come out beautifully . I highly recommend this item !
911	Baby	POS	5	we have a collection of these , they be great at keep the baby warm despite he wiggle , allow he kick room , and be safe . the cover can not ride up over he face so no fear of suffocation . also good at contain diaper overload . I prefer the cotton but he like the snuggly fleece . cotton fleece would make both of we happy .
400	Baby	POS	5	do not expect they to prevent blow-out . but what will ? the last as long as they need to , then the baby grow out of they .
369	Baby	POS	5	we use this bib for we 9 month old . it do a great job keep she clothes clean and catch all of the finger food that she drop ! we have two of these bib and have no complaint .
575	Baby	POS	5	this pump be great and easy to use . it be easily portable and make pump easy . I buy a separate pump bra , which make pump simple !
508	Baby	POS	5	we get this car seat after be very happy with my son 's first year Via car seat . he be too big already for the extra padding but we have he back face in this seat for about six month and now have he forward face . he be like both way . I drive a Hyundai Sonata so we have decent room in my car for the seat but we have also put it in a friend 's four runner and my husband 's Elantra and it have fit really well in all car . it be bigger than a lot of other car seat out there but I also feel like it be really well construct and pretty comfy . safety be obviously my primary concern and this car seat fit really snugly in my car and do not move around . I also find it really easy to install , please do read all the direction first , but after that time investment I have not have any issue install it quickly and securely . plus the seat seam pad well and comfortable for my son . I have feel a lot of other car seat out there that feel like they would be pretty hard to sit on and uncomfortable . a few thing I do not like but not many . the size be pretty big , not really a issue for I but it could be in some of the smaller car out there , although it do fit just fine in my husband 's Elantra and that be not a huge car . also , my son figure out how to snap off the cup holder pretty quickly . it be not hard to get back on and it be nice that it pop off so it can go on either side , but it be annoy when he get it off and start throw it around . of course it would be that or he toy or whatever else he could find if he could not get it off . you do need a seat protector but you would need that with any car seat . I also do not like some of the color but that be personal preference . overall we be really happy with this car seat . it be not the cheapest seat out there but for how good it be and compare to comparable seat you be get one heck of a good deal .
518	Baby	POS	5	I buy this for my daughter when she be around 6 month old , and she have sleep with it every night since then . it be small , lightweight , and the perfect size for she little hand . besides be about the cutest thing in the world when you see it tuck underneath she arm while she be sleep , it have also save my hair during nursing session . I always have Sweet Pea available when I nurse , and now instead of pull my hair or scratch my face she hand be busy hold and explore she baby . I do like have the outer pea pod for when we travel or take the baby somewhere because it keep the baby cleaner . my daughter be now 11 month old , and she be so attach to she Sweet Pea , that we buy a second one just in case we need a back-up !
355	Baby	NEG	1	so so mad because the monitor break after 10 day use . I have to wait another 6 day to get the Medela pump from Amazon to send home . my child have to eat formulum and express milk for 6 day . more stress and more tire for a new mom like I because of the unreliable machine . will not recommend this product .
430	Baby	NEG	1	I have buy 2 of these bib , and have only have a problem with the polka dot pattern one . the instruction say they be machine washable , but the print start come off after I hand wash it with regular dishwashing detergent . then , the wash machine take the rest of the color off the bib . it be effective at keep the baby clean and I be always surprise at how much food be catch in the front pocket , but , for the price , I would expect it to stay look new as well . I have have it replace twice now , and will just get a refund this time . this do not happen with the flower pattern .
37	Baby	POS	5	I be hesitant about purchase this pump after read a number of negative review . I absolutely love Avent 's bottle though , they have be a godsend with my colicky baby , so I figure if they bottle be so wonderfully make , why would not they pump be great as well ? I decide to give it a try and love it . it be so comfortable . do not even hurt one tiny bit . I get way more milk out of it then I ever have with the Medela manual pump , as well as the Medela single electric pump . just to clarify as well , with all the negative review with the Avent pump be leaky - of course it will leak if you do not put it together properly . take the time , read the direction , and you should have no problem . it leak from the petal insert the first time I use it , because I do not seal the insert to the base all the way around -lrb- you just simply pinch it together with you hand -rrb- . after realize this , it never leak on I again . I can not breastfeed my son , so I pump for every feeding , and I always use this pump . I have wash it many a time , and it be be so durable . plus , it be incredibly easy to clean , you can get into all of the crevice . unlike the Medela pump that have tiny tubing , which i be not even sure how they expect you to clean in there ? one last thing , i have read many comment about it be loud and squeaky - just make sure the pump handle and what it attach to be completely dry . Dry = no squeak .
360	Baby	POS	5	what more can I say , the product speak for itself great product that my son seem to feel very comfortable in . get chilly here and he be be sleep right on through the night
587	Baby	POS	5	they be so cute , but not only that , they be thick enough to absorb the mass amount of drool and spit up baby create ! : -rrb-
543	Baby	POS	5	be you a parent to a toddler who love to feed he clothes more than eat he food ? have you ever dread mealtime just because of the mess you need to clean up afterwards ? then this bib be tailor make for you . I have a two year old , just learn to self feed . he hate be feed , no matter what be be serve and this big be a life saver . I love the fact that I can put it on fairly easily . I also love the pocket in front . my LO 's pants have be spare finally ! this bib have a small neck opening and even the runny food do not go down onto my son 's clothes . I do pull up he sleeve before put this on and so far none of the food have get onto he sleeve through the sleeve opening . my toddler who hate bib and can pull out any have not be able to rip this off so far . I think the velcro have hold up to he quality testing ! I be able to wash this in the kitchen sink , right away , after each meal . it dry up quickly and be ready for use before the next meal time . the material do look flimsy but it do its job . the fact that this do not seem to be hold onto stain be a big plus . the length seem just right for my son . I put it on he after seat he on he high chair and the mess have be stay off the high chair belt as well . I get the toddler size for my tiny two yr old but if you child be normal size then you will definitely need the larger size . I also purchase the Ikea Bib set but those have a bigger neck opening and no matter how I adjust the velcro strap , some food get onto clothes through the neck . I also do not like the fact that the cuff be cotton and take longer to dry out . the cuff also seem to be hold onto stain in food . I would definitely pick the Kushies bib over the Ikea one for ease of use and serve its purpose !
240	Baby	NEG	1	I buy these base on all the detailed favorable review . I work overseas and use foreign brand previously . -lrb- `` Popolini , '' a austrian brand , be we favorite for we first child , and we be still use some of they for # 2 . -rrb- however , in the country I be currently in there be no locally available option , so I order the Thirsties from Amazon . unfortunately , these leak terribly . with a newborn , they be good for about a hour at most . as soon as the diaper get damp , the trim on the thirsty wick moisture out and quickly saturate we son 's clothes . in other word , they be just about useless . we use the Popolini liner we purchase three year ago . they be bulky , but the Thirsties cover they fully with room to spare . I can not imagine that a different liner would work any better . in sum , the thirsty be of such little value to we that I be return they to Amazon -- shipping overseas to do so .
192	Baby	NEG	1	be excite for a good , well design brush ... the major flaw be the wire neck . when I try to clean the nipple with it , it bent 90 degree . useless .
305	Baby	NEG	1	this basket be not a toy but a storage container for bath toy . it be make of multiple part that need to be assemble together . this design be rather flaw as it allow for accummlation of more dirt , and the piece do not fit together well -lrb- especially if warped -rrb- . I have see those basket make as one piece in the past , a nice sturdy design , easy to remove and clean . very disappoint with this one .
848	Baby	NEG	1	for carter I expect better quality . the picture do not show how these burp cloth look like its gauze . the `` padded '' center feel like three layer of gauze . the material itself be very rough and do not seem like it will soften even if I wash it . just get these in the mail and be very disappointed and will be return . have purchase another set and it shrink and fade from the very first wash - a lot . so it look as if they have be wash over 100 time . I love Carters , but I would never repurchase this item or recommend it . I just recommend save you money and just use the regular burp cloth . it do the same job .
802	Baby	POS	4	my baby love it . the music it actually play do not go with the composer , but my kid will not know the difference . it be still work even with all the hand wack it get . I wish that they would make it so that it would not mess up my wooden crib . maybe like a soft material other than plastic that would protect the crib from get all scratch up .
754	Baby	POS	5	what a great little sleep and play set . the material be wonderful feeling and it be very comfortable to we little one . I get it look for more Organic PJ 's not care about the color for we little girl , , ... and now it be one of she very favorite . love this brand !!
611	Baby	POS	5	a friend of mine tell I about this product . thank God !! it help my teething baby so much that I start buy they for my pregnant friend !
932	Baby	POS	5	I use Avent 4 both my kid . it be great ! I recommend it to family n friend and most change to avert and stick with it !
793	Baby	NEG	2	the bump on the bottom of this tub that be suppose to prevent the baby from slip down -lrb- he leg straddle it -rrb- , not only do NOT in fact prevent slippage in the least , but once baby slip , he back be now roll over this hard plastic bump ! although baby do not complain , it be hard for I to hold he in place so that he do not slip down . Wish the bump be much higher or not there at all . not a good purchase .
852	Baby	POS	5	best purchase ever ! we wait way too long to purchase a dry rack . lot of space , drain right into the sink .
706	Baby	NEG	1	I buy these for my 4 month old twin . I do not understand why other say they be waterproof . absolutely not ! milk and\/or drool go right through !
766	Baby	NEG	1	I own one of these sleep sack for my infant son , and I love they so much I decide to order one through Amazon . I do not know if the stock be different , but the medium that I order be way too small . my son be 16 pound and I can barely loop he arm through the arm hole . he be a pretty lean baby , so I doubt that body shape be a issue . besides , the other one that we have -lrb- and that we order through a different site -rrb- be great -- there be still room for he to grow into it , which be how it should be , consider that the weight range be intend to be from 15-24 pound . it be too bad , because we really like aden + anai in general .
447	Baby	NEG	1	I buy this for we Joovy Ergo Caboose and it do not fit -- perhaps there be fine print in the literature state as much , but wish I have know before I go to the trouble of order it . look like a nice organizer -- too bad it be go back to Amazon , and I be go back to the draw board .
22	Baby	NEG	1	yes , this product be cheap and there be a reason why , it be junk ! it do ot stay on and it do not cover the entire back of seat . my kid can kick it off with one kick . spend a little more cash and get something that will do the job correctly .
717	Baby	POS	5	we receive the snuggle pod Sweet Pea as a gift , choose thoughtfully for my 16mo daughter b\/c we call she `` Ellie Pea . '' she adore she Sweet Pea , which she call `` seepee . '' when she go to bed , we put Sweet Pea in she pod , and my baby grin every time we say , `` Shhh , she be sleep ! '' Sweet Pea be soft and huggable , with some interesting texture -lrb- ribbon hair , ruffle around the neck , embroidered button -rrb- and a cute face . she be just the right size for tiny hand to carry she around . she arm can be stuff inside the pod , or stick out in different way , which be fun . Ellie can not put she in the pod by herself yet , but she can easily pull she out . Sweet Pea be definitely a keeper !
992	Baby	NEG	1	i do not like this one it fall apart with in a week of we the bristle fall out so i have to go get another one i would not recommend it to no one its a waste of money sorry
771	Baby	POS	5	I love these sleep bag !!! I do not have to worry about my baby get tangled in a blanket and she can still stand up in the crib when she wake up . I wish I have these with my other kid . these be a dream come true !
289	Baby	NEG	1	surely Lansinoh must have some idea how much time , sacrifice and emotion go into each and every ounce of breastmilk a mother pump to store for she baby . why on earth would you sell we something that leak so badly ?! I exclusively pump breastmilk for 9 1\/2 month to feed my daughter because we be unable to nurse . I store ton of milk in these Lansinoh bag in the freezer . if only I would have know before it come time to actually thaw the milk , how crappy these bag be , I would have switch to another brand 9 month ago ! probably about 75-80 % of these bag leak along the seam -lrb- many in multiple place -rrb- while thawing . now that I be on my last stash of milk today and have 99.9 % wean from pump , I have spend some time cry over my sink as the last few bag of milk for my little one spout fountain -lrb- that I can not quite capture into a bottle -rrb- out the bottom and side seam and run down the drain . yes , thanks a lot , Lansinoh , for make the last few remnant of liquid gold -lrb- that cost I so much emotionally already -rrb- cause I more stress and tear once again .
923	Baby	POS	4	the product seem well make but my only gripe be that the velcro bit might scratch baby 's face -- which be kind of what we be hope to avoid by put mitten on he .
260	Baby	NEG	1	what the description fail to state be that if you cabinet door be not flush\/flat on the inside , this product will not work - therefore to I this product be useless . have to return it .
974	Baby	NEG	2	i have buy several item from luvable friend and i will be honest to say i love they product . but these bib , although cute , be simply too small for we baby which be 5 month when we receive they . also the velcro part be too big and too rough .
891	Baby	POS	5	I recently purchase two of these dex Baby Dura bib . I love the way the snap pocket be design to keep a pocket shape . it actually catch all the food that miss my toddler 's mouth . the size be just right for this stage . my toddler be 20 month and the bib fit well at she lap and behind the tray of she chair . the pocket do not get mash together . also the material be so easy to wash down at the end of a meal . I unsnap the pocket and wash it out in the sink . it be so much easier to wash a flat surface than the inside of a pocket that be stitch together . I would recommend this bib style to any of my friend .
590	Baby	POS	5	these bib wash well and be so cute for baby boy . they be the smaller size , so it be perfect for my 7 year old . we also have the Dr. Seuss one .
472	Baby	NEG	1	I do not know if you have to super-mommy-sens to make head or tail of this product , and I certainly do not have any . I be fully confuse with this installation . the instruction be very inadequate , only a few word and rudamentary picture on the back of the small packaging - not to mention that the most of the instruction be cover in a sale sticker , thus render they completely useless . I end up with bit and peice that I simply could not figure out at all , and a very ` rig ' installation . Boo . Hiss .
737	Baby	NEG	2	I be so excited to find this sleep sack and be SO disappoint when it arrive . it be a great concept , but the sizing be ridiculous . I have a average 15 month old and this be HUMUNGOUS on he . there be absolutely no way he can walk around in this . this will not fit he for several month . so disappointed !!
106	Baby	POS	5	extremely fast shipping . great quality for a little tux . I love the satin detail on the button , pocket , etc. . now all I have to do be get my 2 yr old to wear it for more than 20 seconds ; -rrb-
341	Baby	NEG	1	I buy these because of the price and you be get a 3 pack . you pay for what you get . we daughter be 5 month and soak through she diaper each time that we use these . I highly recommend the Thirsty Hemp Liner double pack . those liner really absorb and you wlll have less laundry do to leakage .
633	Baby	NEG	1	note : now there be a recall on medelum power adaptor too I own both the medelum pump in style advance and ameda 's purely yours pump . Ameda 's pump be better than medelum . see below . I do not use my medelum pump at all despite have waste about $ 300 on pump and spare part . I be a work mom so I pump a lot with baby # 1 and be do same with baby # 2 - already have a freezer full of milk . why ameda be superior to medelum : 1 -rrb- no mold growth - milk can not get into tube . see below . after I find mold on my medelum pump I go out and buy a ameda pump right away . 2 -rrb- about half the price as medelum if you just buy the pump and not the bag etc. . 3 -rrb- the ameda pump be easily freestand , also have nice slot on the pump to hold you pump milk in bottle . if you remove the medelum pump from the backpack or bag you 'll see the pump casing - the medelum pump have hole in the case around the pump so you do not really want to take it out of the bag - and nowhere to put you pump bottle so they do not fall over . FYI Ameda pump have last since 2008 with pump daily 5 days\/week -lrb- I breastfeed baby # 1 for 18 month -rrb- and it be still go great - I be use it again now . Medela know about the milk in the tube problem - in fact there be instruction about this in the booklet that come with they pump . well , I get milk back up in the tube more than once despite follow the instruction in the manual . then I have to stop pump and dry the tube out . no more pump that day as I do not have spare tube . and , to my horror , despite run the medelum pump for a couple of minute after every pump as per instruction , and dry out the tube if they get milk in they , I open the faceplate of the medelum pump one day and find mold grow on my medelum pump . that be it , I buy a ameda pump and have never go back .
938	Baby	NEG	2	well . . as my title suggest . . they do not last nearly as long as the manufacturer suggest . I have have to replace this pad for my wipe warmer at LEAST every thirty day . and even then , the pad be usually bone dry before then with brown spot all over it the pad -rrb- . which force I to throw away wipe that be near to the pad\/bottom although the wipe have not nearest the dry pad do not simultaneously dry out , who want to use brown wipe for they precious lo 's bottom ? -rrb- the warmer itself do it be job , but these pad need a bit of tweaking ! expect to change the pad every 3-4 week , not as the manufacturer suggest !
933	Baby	NEG	2	I have just get the fairy sleep bag . I be actually really excite about it . the fairy do not look anything like the picture . they look like mosquito . they be big and they have a dark pink -lrb- almost red -rrb- wing . the picture show little fairy in different color . otherwise I really love Aden & Anais blanket . they have a very old school yet pretty feel about they . I love that fabric look crinckly yet so elegant . I dont like fleece or heavy blanket since it might overheat the baby . I can definetly use this during summer night , just put the baby in with onesie . my baby sleep in she crib and i have blanket tuck in the side . it work great for I until she start to roll over and kick the blanket . I would wake up frequently at night because i will see she kick the blanket off . I finally realize I cant spend my night paranoid if the baby be cold or if she okay . this item give I peace of mind . Update - I wish it work however my baby wake up during the night because it wasnt warm enough for she . we live in California and she room be mostly between 70 and 75 degree . I get grobag 2.5 tog and she sleep through the night . design and fabric be alot better than Aden and Anais bag .
616	Baby	NEG	1	I be sit at work pump as I write this ... just like other reviewer I have have problem with milk in the tubing since day one . I `` m currently on my third set of tubing in the past 4 month . I have call medela several time a they be completely unhelpful . they tell I basically just wash out the tubing which be nearly impossible . they tube always look cloudy and gross . I do not want to wash the tubing I want my breast milk to go into the container not the tubing that be why I pay $ 300 for this thing . my hospital have a lacatation boutique I call there to make a appointment to see if it be a `` I '' problem . when I go they say `` its not you at all there be a defect in the pump it happen all the tim '' then they hand I a new set of tubing for $ 16 and say goodluck . I guess since there be not too many option to choose from medelum do not care about fix this problem . but its gross and unhygenic ...
844	Baby	POS	5	these fit 2 one year old perfectly for a dr. seuss theme halloween costume & will be use again at christmas . the girl seem comfy in they & they wash well without shrink .
642	Baby	NEG	1	when I first start use cloth wipe , I only have a toddler and be use they infrequently . after one week I notice a burnt smell and find my pad have brown dry spot on it . once I have a newborn and be use wipe regularly again , I give it another try . first , I wipe down the inside of the warmer in case that be the problem . the pillow last a little longer this time until I notice a funky smell on my wipe . now on my third pillow , I have be flip it every day and add more water ever 2-3 day . it be still develop a funky smell . Ugh . I be go to use the warmer without it as reviewer have suggest and see what happen . to be fair , we have hard water and we have the same problem with we humidifier filter . no matter how often I flip they , replace the water , or clean the humidifier , they get crunchy and gross quickly . -lrb- that be , until I discover the antimicrobial solution you can add to they . I wish there be something like that for these . -rrb-
869	Baby	NEG	1	I want to love this . but at least the one we get be not great . the green trim around the edge of this bib start come apart from the bib within 2 use . also lime green color from trim around neckline bleed onto dd 's onesie because the trim get wet during a feeding .
695	Baby	NEG	1	the back doe peel off of these bib . we wash all of we bib in a mesh bag to keep they from stick to clothes . this one peel after one wash . what a waste ! we 'll stick with pricier bib that do what they be suppose to and do not leave little bit of plastic on my infant .
657	Baby	NEG	2	I buy this bib as I want another bib with ` food catcher ' and do not want to pay for another babybjorn one . it have be through the wash machine only on a couple of occasion as it have be mainly wipe clean and I be too find the backing on the bib be peel away . the variety of color be good but I wont be buy another one !
897	Baby	NEG	1	I buy these for my soon to be newborn and I wash they before put they away and they have shrink up and shrivel I guess you would say . not really pleased . probably will not buy anything else of this brand .
682	Baby	POS	5	these be my preferred bib . they be well cut to fit nicely over the shoulder and around the neck , generous velcro allow for the grow child and a solid tie for the reluctant bib wearer . the feel of the fabric be not too plasticky in texture , the print be cute and the waterproofing be excellent quality , and they wash and dry and come out like new for year . I have have these bib through my 3 boy , and they be still in good condition . I just buy my youngest he own design for the fun of change thing up after 4 year . I highly reccomend this product !
155	Baby	NEG	1	the sleep sack be way too large for a 22-28lbs baby . if you do buy this item by a size smaller or you will be dissapoint . a 4 yr old could fit a large !
207	Baby	NEG	2	these be not soft . . also they do not soak properly ... I will not buy these again ... I realize later that since most part of the bib be embroidered , it be not functional as bib as the embroidered part do not soak well . .
662	Baby	POS	4	buy these to keep at Grandma 's house . really great buy for the price , durability , etc , I be just really surprise by how deep the bowl of the spoon be . it be almost as deep as a adult spoon , and therefore very hard for my 6 month old to purse he lip and get everything out from the bottom of the spoon . yes , they be a little top heavy as many people be say . overall , they be just fine , it just really bug I how deep they be . I feel like my boy struggle try to get the whole bite out of the darn spoon !
184	Baby	NEG	1	I can not get these bowl to stay suction onto we highchair tray for longer than 1 minute . I have try make sure the tray be perfectly clean & smooth , wet the bottom suction cup , etc. , but nothing will keep it on . my son do not even try to lift the bowl and it pop up and move around while he be try to eat . once even pop up before anyone have touch it at all ! if you want bowl that actually stay suction on , I would suggest the similar `` sassy '' bowl set that also have lid . they design have a removable suction cup that fit all three bowl . I think it work better because the suction cup be all one piece of flexible rubber and be not join to the hard plastic bowl like the Munchkin set be .
665	Baby	POS	5	the pompon actually help the scarf fit and stick around the neck while be extra cute ! and it be super soft . my one-year old love it , too .
466	Baby	NEG	2	I purchase these pants so I could take my baby in the pool without have to worry about special waterproof diaper . these pants do not work for the purpose that I purchase they for so I can not really rate these for they correct usage . if you be look for alternative cover for swimming or water play , these be not the answer .
921	Baby	POS	5	I own lot of Aden + Anais product , these do not disappoint . they be oversized super absorbent and great for feed and drool .
243	Baby	NEG	1	this do not work for we 8 month old . the plastic be mold inward towards the middle part of the bib so it do not catch anything . not sure if it be from the packaging or what . my son also do not like the way it feel around he neck , he be constantly pull on it .
648	Baby	NEG	1	great idea but wiggle everywhere when I attach the car seat . even the most strong carry on still can not make it stable enough
714	Baby	POS	5	the size run large , definitely closer to 3-6 month than 0-3 , but the outfit be absolutely addorable and worth every penny .
191	Baby	POS	4	overall , we be quite happy with these bib . we have three of they , and use they daily . they be very waterproof , and the long sleeve be great for keep clothes clean . additionally , they have cute\/fun pattern that we enjoy . however , I do have a couple of complaint : 1 -rrb- durability - some of the bib be hold up better than other , but in general they be start to fall apart on the stitching in some place on the edge , especially on the back where the tie be . 2 -rrb- size - we daughter be in the 95 % for height\/weight . yet , these bib have a bit over-sized neck hole , make it difficult to tie the bib around the neck tight enough to keep food from get on the neck of she shirt . in order to tighten they with a sufficiently small opening for the neck , we end up pull the material itself into the knot in the back , rather than ust the tie string themselves . this obviously contribute to the degradation of the stitch around the tie .
813	Baby	POS	5	I use these type of lock to keep knife and silverware , and other dangerous kitchen utensil and tool out of the hand of my special need son . I have previously use the Tot Locks , which work great , but due to the difficulty in install they decide to give these a try . and they work like a charm : -rrb- my son be very mechanically inclined , unfortunately , and if he could see the lock he would be able to figure it out in no time flat . but because of these be design the cabinet or drawer only open about 1\/2 '' and there be nothing for he to push on to open it . and installation be very simple . I love that I do not have to drill the hole for the release .
513	Baby	NEG	1	I think these look like decent burp clothes from the picture . get they and they be super thin and after I wash they , they shrink-ed and get even thinner . I would not waste you money on they . I spend $ 11 on a 3 pack of Carter 's brand and they be WAY better and worth the money .
916	Baby	POS	5	I absolutely love this dress table . although I would have prefer something with drawer -lrb- which I would get when my baby be older -rrb- , this come in handy and do a good job of keep mommy organize . the change pad be thin , but it do not bother I or the baby . of all the baby item I plan to give away , this be one that I would be keep .
805	Baby	POS	4	because the belt be braid , it can go very big and small . the double side color be a big bonus .
15	Baby	POS	5	I see this in a boutique gift store for over 10 dollar more than what this cost . I love this stuff animal , its so cute and unique . I get it for myself , not a baby !
681	Baby	NEG	2	I order this item for my then 3 month old daughter . she be constantly slump over in she car seat and stroller and I think this product would fix this problem . wrong . no matter how many time I adjust it , this neck saver keep slip off . it simply would not stay put , render it useless . I return the item for a full refund .
491	Baby	POS	5	as we all know , you be suppose to put you baby to sleep on he back to help prevent sid . the SleepSack be a great product ! it keep baby nice and warm , yet you do not have to worry about a blanket . and there be space down in the bottom for he foot so he be not too restricted . also , the great thing be that it zip from top to bottom , so you do not have a big zipper poke baby in the face .
254	Baby	NEG	1	I have to say , I be so excited to see these online . they have some super cute vibrant color option , which be very entice to I . however , when they arrive I be extremely disappoint in the quality of the sewing . they have several loose thread , and two side be poorly surge together in a very cheap manor . so not worth the price they be charge .
709	Baby	NEG	1	this be a crappy junk chair !!! make cheap and be too low to fit onto the chair ... so if you be think of take the tray off and put it up to you table ... do not bother with this one . . you get what you pay for and the reason this be cheap be because it be a cheap seat !!
608	Baby	POS	5	my daughter love this teether . I also feel as think it help get she off of the binky . its good quality and she like look at the bright color .
955	Baby	POS	5	I recently receive this for my daughter who be 6 month old . I have 2 previous halo sleepsack and love they , but she be outgrow they . the cupcake pattern be adorable ! she love sleep in she sleepsack , and they zip from the top down which make middle of the night diaper change very easy . we love this product !
