index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
818	Bag	POS	5	I purchase this last week and get it a few day ago . this be a great digital camera bag . I do extensive research before commit and I must say it pay off . the bag have a nice divider which I use to seperate my cable from my camera . it also be line with a soft fabric so you lcd screen be not scratch . I must say that if you stuff the main compartman , the front compartment be basially render useless . the front area have two laminated compartment for smartmedium or compactflash card . they be basically the only two thing that will fit since the camera in the main compartment make it a very tight fit .
556	Bag	NEG	1	I buy a 1274dv a few year ago . as I have find with other Bosch tool they be hit or miss . you might get lucky . you might get a lemon . my sander be worthless . I get about 2-3 hour use out of it . the paper will not stay on no matter how much time I or anyone else devote to try to solve the problem . I replace it with a Dewalt . I keep the bosch on a pile of junk in my shop to remind I of the problem I have have with Bosch tool .
272	Bag	NEG	2	this dust collector bag do catch a majority of the sawdust during cut , however , sawdust still fly out the bottom , top and around the blade , so do cut in a closed basement or close garage be still go to require clean-up .
318	Bag	NEG	1	I be still wait for this item , and I , too , order it in late December . the other two bonus item come quickly , but it be the bag I really want most ! come on people ... and today my delivery estimate change to add another MONTH ???? you have get to be kid I .
932	Bag	POS	4	it be really well do and it fit we Canon a640 like a glove . I just will not give it a 5 star because there be nothing innovative about it .
27	Bag	NEG	2	we order this bag when we order the Garrett ace 150 detector . I wish the bag be bigger . you need to take the detector apart every time you put it away . even shorten the detector the whole way be not enough . they could have make the bag just few inch longer and it would have make the difference .
311	Bag	POS	5	this bag really do hold everything ! I do not have a laptop but that be not a problem because I use that section as a place to put thing I need quickly or to put away safely like contact lense case and stuff like that . with the very handy clip for the key , I be not stand out in the rain hunting for key that have fall to the bottom of the bag . I would seriously recommend this bag to anyone who need a little more versatility but want a bag that would not look out of place at work either . one particularly fine day , I manage to fit in book , a mini picnic and my jacket and not once do my shoulder feel like it be about to break . no mean feat . buy it , buy it now !
542	Bag	NEG	1	I be not even sure where to start ... well , its not a back pack . its a carry case with handle and a shoulder strap . the strap be uncomfortable , skinny , and way too long for even a large human male . the damn thing do not fit my detector without break it down . after break it down the battery pack and headphone do not fit in the pocket . I almost lose my battery pack and control unit on the trail because they fall out of the way too small unable to zip pouch . my fishing pole may fit , if I keep it . at this point im so frustrated I want nothing to do with garrett , optics planet , or Amazon . do not waste you money .
538	Bag	POS	5	love this bag . sturdy and much bigger than i think it would be . lot of way to configure interior padding . I have one body and two lens , two strobe and battery charge etc. . all fit great . lot of place to put all the little thing . build quality feel good and should last on the road . thanks
352	Bag	NEG	2	buy this along with the saw since I know I would be use it inside for install new flooring . it ` collect ' maybe half of the saw dust . finally disconnect this waste of money and hook the shop vac to the saw with much better result .
685	Bag	NEG	1	most of the dust blow out around the saw blade , but there be a little bit leave over that collect in the bag . I would say about 20 % of the dust be actually collect . save you money and use a shop vac or a real dust collector .
676	Bag	NEG	1	do not do it ! I buy the bag to go with my worksite Bosch Table see -lrb- the saw be awesome -rrb- . there be dust everywhere , include a bit in the bag . but if it be go to be everywhere anyway , I still need to vacuum , so now I need to do that and empty the bag too . I would have save the 15 buck and up the shop vac to the next level instead .
458	Bag	NEG	2	I buy one of these for my s-10 digital camera , and proceed to wear it around , somewhat extensively , after 6 or 7 month of own it though , the stitch along the zipper come totally out , render it somewhat useless . I replace it with a somewhat less fashionable , but more durable Samsonite camera bag . also the zippered opening of this bag be prone to slightly scratch or mar plastic , or antireflective coating such as those on camera lcd .
762	Bag	POS	4	before puchase this tool bag , I take the time to read the review on this site . after receive and use it , I couldnt ' be more satisfied . it be everything I expect it to be . it have plenty of room and pocket to organize my tool and its nice not to have to dig down in the bottom of the bag to find the one you need . have not have it long enough to see how it will hold up , but it look to be very well construct . I plan on get another .
489	Bag	POS	5	bag be excellent ! read carefully before you order , it be the bag only . no cable . Perfect size for car . some one say it be too small , I do not know what kind of cable he be put in , but a set of heavy duty cable for car fit well .
252	Bag	POS	4	I own a small inline belt sander and find the shape give I the opportunity to use the machine in many more way , especially on its side sand the edge of large piece of solid wood . when I have to replace the small sander , I know I want a larger version , and the Bosch fit the bill . Amazon sell it at a lower price than I could find locally , and then there be the tax I save and free delivery !  a week later it be on the door step and it come out of the box and go right to work on some local hardwood . there be lot of power to turn the 3 inch belt . while I have check the belt for run off ceter - it almost never run off . and the graphite patten be flat and stay cool . it have only a few hour on it but I be very happy with it . I have not use the fence , but I will , and I wish I have order the clamp to tie it down to a table upside down .  the only problem I have with the sander be the dust control . I have be use the dust bag and it be small , and dust puff out of a small indentation near the dust nipple when lift off or move down on the wood . I have not try to trouble-check the problem .  a happy Bosch customer and a happy Ammazon.com customer .
515	Bag	POS	4	I be look for a dslr camera bag to keep my new Pentax k110d in until I find a more expansive bag\/backpack . I would eventually like a Tamron or something along that line but for the price , I want to be able to browse until I find just the right one . this product suit the basic bag need well . it be not huge or fancy , just a good basic bag . it have one front pocket that will hold battery , memory card , etc. and one pocket in the `` lid '' that hold a lens cloth or other small item . it accommodate the stock lens that come on my camera but I do not think would fit a much longer lense . for the price , -lrb- which be very reasonable -rrb- I would buy this bag again .
476	Bag	POS	5	if you be a person who like to have the basics in you car , this be a great product . I always have jumper cable -lrb- some of you call they `` booster cable '' -rrb- in every car I own . I have drag old cable from one car to the next as I have buy and sell car over the year . this bag keep the cable orderly and protected , as well as protect you car 's interior from the end clamp and dirt on the cable . it be easy to grab and find you cable when need , and the bag be big enough to throw-in a flashlight as well . you know you need a flashlight because it seem jumper cable be most need at night . I have 3 car , and one of they just go to my newly-licensed son . it be not the greatest gift he ever recieve , but he sure appreciate have a bag of cable in he trunk rather than cable just float around in there .
677	Bag	POS	5	I have have this bag for almost a year and be about to buy another one . great price -lrb- $ 11.40 today Nov 21 , 2011 , about $ 2 less than last year -rrb- . quality seem fine so far . I be replace a hard-shell case that come with some Sears all-copper heavy duty jumper cable because the soft bag be a little friendlier to the stuff float around in my trunk and take up less space . -lrb- no , I do not work for Sears . I just think anybody else shop for high-quality cable might save some time by look there . they seem to be the last one leave offer a decent-quality cable . -rrb- Edit : for those interested in Amazon 's day-to-day price manipulation , it be price at $ 12.30 on Jan 18 , 2012 . the new bag be great , btw . hold together fine with a heavy set of 20 ' copper cable in it .  Bucket Boss 06009 Jumper Cable Bag
350	Bag	POS	5	it have be say in a couple of review now but people need to understand this be a new version of the bag -lrb- mine ship September 2011 -rrb- and it do have a zipper to empty it out on the bottom . the material be similar to the material on the bag for my bosch planer and it have hold up fine for a while now . it do a great job catch the dust that go through the dust port , of course you will still get dust from other part of the table saw , but versus no bag \/ vacuum it be a huge improvement and for the price I would recommend it to anyone . it be a 5 star product .
451	Bag	NEG	2	I just receive the belt sander . there be a slight oil stain in the bottom of the box , fine saw dust on the body , and metal scratch mark on the metal base on the bottom of the sander . hard to say , but some packaging might have be miss as well . use . I do not understand how this can happen but if I have to guess I would put this on Makita rather than Amazon who do not sell use version of this product . anyway , I just get off the phone and will be send it back . inspect yours carefully when you get it . note on Amazon return . I fill out a inquiry then have Amazon call I for help which they do immediately . after that I explain the problem and within minute I they issue I a return slip and will be pay for the shipping . also , they be rush I a new sander by tomorrow . while I be disappointed something like this could happen , and I be not happy about the time I waste , kudos to Amazon for make the return policy so quick and hassle free . this review have nothing to do with the performance of the belt sander as I do not even plug it in before send it back .
185	Bag	POS	4	Easy to install and lightweight . Zipper on bottm of bag for empty . Might not be heavy enough for everyday use . if the bag be heavier I would of give the fifth star .
900	Bag	NEG	2	please pay attention to the one to three star rating . this dust collection bag only capture 50 % or less of the dust come off the Bosch table see . it be not really worth the money . the table see just do not build up enough air pressure to force much of the dust into the bag . a much better , although more expensive , solution be a shop vacuum connect to  the dust Deputy   the dust Deputy  great combination and a much cleaner work shop .
435	Bag	POS	4	well make and be as advertize . tight fit for my Milwaukee 7100-20 Round Head 2-Inch to 3-1\/2 - Inch Framing Nailer . I have to put it in the bag upside down with the exhaust deflector down and the Workpiece contact up . keep the end cover to keep the toe-nail claw from tear the bag .
202	Bag	POS	5	okay , a lot of review of this bag be downright negative . however , if you be look for a messenger bag , you have own one before , so you know what you want and what to expect . when I first buy this bag , it be $ 40 . back then , I be in love with the price . comperable messenger bag be $ 60 - $ 120 . it be a bargain . at $ 20 its a even better deal . as to people with problem stuff laptop into the padded compartment , they must have some beastly huge laptop . be in computer repair , I have haul some of the largest laptop know to man and they have all fit decently . similarly , my palm pilot , cell phone and my other essential fit perfectly in this bag . if you want a decent bag at a decent price , here you be . and , if you dont like it , you know amazon doe take return , therefore you arent stick with it . hope this help people .
18	Bag	NEG	1	this dust bag be so filmy I be afraid to handle it fear I might tear it . for 12 buck you think Bosch would spend a little more on the material . it be a insult to the ts4000 saw . shame !
668	Bag	POS	5	I buy this as a christmas gift for my husband . he be impress by the stay open , wide mouth and the sturdiness of the bag . he also like the pocket that line the entire inside of the bag . it be handsome and functional .
521	Bag	POS	5	this tool bag be for my son who be a electrician . he have the same bag before , but due to wear and tear it be not in very good condition . it only last 10 year . when I see this bag on you website he ask I to order it for he and he be very satisfied .
226	Bag	NEG	2	not sure where these tool bag be make , but they be not the quality of the original Bucket Boss bag . maybe they be knock-off make by some other company and then sell as the original ? probably should have return they , but just never get around to it .
310	Bag	NEG	1	I buy this item over a month ago and it still have not ship ! who know what kind of rating to give the bag , but for customer service this group get a `` f ''
242	Bag	POS	5	if you buy a heavy duty battery jumper cable greater than 18 foot long , you need this sock to keep thoswe toe warm . what I mean to say be that you simply get to carry that around in this perfect carry case .
321	Bag	POS	5	this Bucket Boss be very functional for automotive use and be a top quality construction . I recommend they product !
898	Bag	NEG	1	I get this for my husband and it be not all that great . he say they will have to greatly improve it before he would ever consider purchase another one .
772	Bag	POS	5	this bag be PERFECT for store my 18 ' long jumper cable . Big enough to hold heavy duty cable but small enough to store under or behind my car seat .
863	Bag	POS	4	I have a digital camera that have a large zoom lens . this bag accomodate it and other accessory , memory and gadget quite well . the outboard zipper pocket allow for other personal effect to be stow away and safe . Perfect for travel or a photo shoot . not to big or small . the leather like surface can receive rough handling without fall apart . at approx -lrb- price -rrb- it be be very good deal .
582	Bag	NEG	2	Thought I would give this bag a try as I be purchase a few other item on Amazon and take advantage of the free shipping offer . the Bosch table see that the bag attach to be great , the bag be not ! when rip a 2 x 4 the chip just plug up in the bottom of the saw as there be not enough flow into the bag . the bag also plug up at the next job when I be just do general cross cut work in poplar and oak . probably need to purchase one of those canister type dust collector . save you money and dont buy this Bosch accessory .
841	Bag	POS	5	this bag be handy and good finish from outside and inside , definitely a good one for the price , stongly recommend .
268	Bag	POS	5	I give my dad one of these a year ago , and he have give it a workout . I think the company must have read the earlier review , and improve the strength of the bag . Dad have overload he with drill , etc. , and carry it everyplace , and it be show no sign of wear . he be so hard to buy for , it be great to see he thoroughly enjoy it . I be look for something similar but smaller to give he this year for he smaller item .
497	Bag	NEG	1	would get the same result if I tie on a old sock to the dust chute . quickly clog and become ineffective . use a vac or dust collector instead .
726	Bag	NEG	2	I buy this bag to use for my school tool . I have to carry it long distance . the shoulder strap be place completely wrong . it attach right under the handle , not on the side of the bag . this create too much downward pull on the center of bag and a uneven distribution of weight over the strap . because the bag be triangular when it be close , and the strap be attach at the very top , it also make it cumbersome to carry -- because the wide base of the bag be press against you body , but the strap be not anchor there also . also , the padded element on the strap be not movable or removable . I find -lrb- as a lady -rrb- , the padding be annoying and too big for my shoulder . I be very dissapointed , as otherwise , it be a great bag . since I be a student in accessory design , I be go to add my own d-rings\/strap tether on the side of the bag , and hope that they hold . I be editing to add : I order this bag in late January and it arrive in 3 day with Amazon prime -lrb- should have be 2 day , but I do not experience the long wait other be have -rrb- .
173	Bag	NEG	2	this tool bag be not big enough . I want to get 2 or 3 of they and store my 18 volt set in they . this bag be not big enough to put one Dewalt cordless finish nailer in it . the height of the bag will not accommodate a normal size screwdriver or channel-lock to be store vertically in the pocket with the lid close . the interior and outside pocket be too blousey . they should build a larger , foot locker type version with the same hard-sided\/bag idea , but actually make it usable . I return this .
484	Bag	NEG	1	how can I rate this product when it have yet to ship and it have be more then 1 month since I order this item while all the other item have ship . I be not sure if they be ever ship this product !!!
829	Bag	NEG	1	can not believe this case be too small , after read review that case be too big for other camera . I think it be irresponsible that these case be be sell for camera they do not fit . waste of money ...
615	Bag	NEG	1	beware ! the item ship be not that which be picture . the `` GateMouth '' bag be a great bag which open from the top with two pivot point , create a wide mouth opening , hence the name GateMouth . however , the item ship be the less expensive -lrb- generally sell for $ 22.50 -rrb- side opening bag . not a good thing to do , substitute a cheaper product that do not even look like the picture !
977	Bag	NEG	1	so far as I can tell , there be no problem with the camera case , but it be too big for the PowerShot s100 , and not big enough to hold the camera and charger . I be return one I recieve as a gift -- this could be the perfect case for another camera .
220	Bag	POS	4	simple to put on . Works well . reduce saw dust on floor 90 % . how come it do not come as standard equipment with saw ? .
765	Bag	POS	5	this be one fine tool for the job of sand we boat ! I do not think I would have find a better deal anywhere else for as good quality and $ as I do here at Amazon , not to mention the fantastik 2-day delivery ! thanks again , Amazon !
667	Bag	NEG	1	I purchase the Bucket Boss model 06009 jumper cable bag base on review that say it could hold a heavy duty set of jumper cable . wrong ! this bag be definitly smaller than I anticipate . it might hold a set of short , cheap , lightweight cable , but there be no way that my heavy duty cable will fit . it might be good for a 50 foot extension cord , but that be about it . the Bucket Boss model 06100 bag might do the job since it appear to be larger , but check before you buy . since mine only cost about $ 11 , it be not worth the hassle of return . I be sure I 'll find some use for it .
817	Bag	POS	5	well make , great camera bag for the price . plenty of storage for battery , charger and extra media smart card . excellent value for the money .
62	Bag	POS	4	I be a hobby woodworker and just start to add to my tool collection . this be my fist belt sander and I while I do not have experience with any other sander -lrb- other than a dewault that a friend lend I to scribe a counter top in my laundry room - and it seem to work well -rrb- , I believe the Makita live up to its stellar reputation . everything just seem to work flawlessly . once you have belt adjust , it track perfectly . I understand this be the one issue that most user concern themselves with and I can not speak any more highly about it . track straight and true for sure . I be delighted with my purchase but only give it four star because for $ 200 I think it should come with a bag or case . other than that , this be a very high quality tool .
656	Bag	POS	4	I buy this bag intentionally for my Pentax SLR , instead of a video cam , and be very satisfied ! room for the body , two lens and several filter along with half a dozen roll of film and a few odds and end .
101	Bag	NEG	2	too small
96	Bag	POS	4	I purchase this after read review post and see where the Bostitch n-88 would fit in this bag , it do but its a little tight . the bag be of very nice quality and have a very heavy duty zipper . it come with a shoulder strap and two handle to carry by hand -lrb- I be surprised it do not have the velcro strap that will keep the handle togeather . the picture be a little misleading though , from the picture it look as if it have a stiff bottom and wil sit upright , well I be here to tell you it wont ! I think the photographer fill the bag with lightweight foam when this picture be take , not a frame gun . all and all I be happy with it , I just wish it be a tad bigger and the bottom be more riggid .
463	Bag	NEG	1	it be a nice bag but no support for the bottom . I use to use it at work but not no more . if they make the bottom ridged it would be a 5 star .
406	Bag	POS	5	this be a very good product . I like the fact that the material be tough and heavy duty as cheap plastic one just rip and crack . I will give this 5 star because it be the best jumper cable bag I have ever see on the market .
180	Bag	POS	5	the Makita 4x24 be a workhorse with all the power you 'll ever need in a belt sander . it also have a very comfortable feel to it and be very easy to use . the bag collect dust better than any other model I have try and be able to reposition it with the swivel fitting be a major plus . I have also try the Dewalt and a Bosch , and there be no comparison in the product ; the Makita work best , hand down .
413	Bag	NEG	2	I store my ace 250 in this carry bag . I find it to be very cramped . the bag have very little room to spare . the zipper be poor quality and break within a year of own the bag . I would not buy another .
833	Bag	NEG	1	the top load Case Logic dc70 be SUPER !! the one selling at ... , be a front loading case . not good for large camera . company make 2 model use the same item number of dc70 . Worth look for the one that the camera go in from the top of the case .
510	Bag	NEG	2	I purchase this bag for my Kodak Easy Share 4330 digital camera . I think the bag be go to be a lot smaller than what I receive . I already have the Kodak travel kit so I do not need another big bag and this bag be too big just for the camera .
508	Bag	POS	5	I like this belt sander because it have good power output , and be very trim for sand item in place . also it be build to sand very close to the nose as you can remove the front grip . this sander be also easy to hold onto in awkward position , and be very streamlined . I have own more than one of this same model , and I would buy another for theese same reason . I have also find they to be very durable .
601	Bag	NEG	1	I purchase this camera after extensively read the online review here and elsewhere . everyone seem to love this camera . it do take `` decent '' photo , however , it be poorly construct , the `` automatic scene recognition system '' freak out my wife who could not tell what the camera be do . she end up ignore the flash red light in the view finder . they be quite distracting .  the camera do not remember its setting after be turn off and then on again .  the built-in flash turn black after only a few month of use .  finally , we take it on a hike , my wife have it in she hand , and lose she balance . barely tap it -lrb- with she hand recive most of the blow -rrb- on the ground . now it will not turn off and the lens shutter will not close .  it be a basically a pile of trash now , and not worth the $ 188 that we pay for it .  i 'll think twice before believe on-line review and\/or before buy another Minolta .
696	Bag	POS	5	this be the best camera bag I have purchase , especially since it have the quality of any other Case Logic product , superb !  i own a old Toshiba pdrm1 digital camera , and in this neat little bag , there be a protected pouch for the camera , two storage area for digital media , and a storage for 4-aa -lrb- or aaa -rrb- battery .  I think this bag be super convenient , since I can carry my extra SmartMedia card and spare 4-aa battery . the size of the bag be small enough to fit in my travel bag , but yet , have a lot of storage space for all the necessity of a digital camera .  i highly recommend for a small digital camera like my Toshiba pdrm1 . dimension of my camera : 4-3\/4 '' long by 3-1\/4 '' high by 1-1\/2 '' deep . this camera be a perfect fit for this particular bag .
199	Bag	NEG	2	I purchase this Makita 9403 belt sander in order to sand down a redwood deck that have be paint with latex that be now peel in many area . I soon notice that the dust collection bag be not collect very much dust . when I remove the cover on the sander for the dust passage I find the passage quarter very narrow and plug with sand debris . connect a powerful shop vacuum to the sander dust tube -lrb- bag remove -rrb- while sand also prove to be futile as the vacuum be not powerful enough to unplug the debris in the passageway . soon after I start sand I notice deposit build up on both roller . the deposit be under the sand belt and mainly on the front metal roller . the deposit form in tenacious clump as high as 3\/16 '' . I have to chisel they off the roller and use lacquer thinner to remove some of they . as the lump gather on the roller the belt would move laterally against the frame and disintegrate . to avoid belt disintegration one have to frequently stop the sander , remove the belt and chisel off the deposit . this get old very fast as it seem I be devote more time to sander maintenance than I be to sand . I finally put the Makita aside and dig out of the garage a Craftsman `` commercial grade '' 4x24 belt sander I purchase at least 20 year ago . it may or may not have be make for Sears by Porter Cable . the Sears sander be a dream compare to the Makita . I do not experience deposit buildup on the roller and do not have to replace belt frequently . I intend to put the Makita sander up for sale as I will not waste anymore time use it . I first attempt to purchase the tool from a Amazon subcontractor who claim to have one unit in stock . I call the subcontractor and ask they to make a warehouse check if a unit be actually in stock . I be tell the warehouse man have the tool in he hand . it turn out to be a brazen lie and waste a lot of my time . I find it amazing that Amazon leave I to deal with the subcontractor . the subcontractor be they agent not mine .
456	Bag	NEG	2	for what be be , it work well . bag will clog if cut wet material . bag lay on ground , so if ground be wet , it be a mess . there be no suction , so sawdust still come up from blade , therefore material will get sawdust on it , therefore sawdust will get on the ground . I do not know where to store this thing , so now when I need it , I be look all over the place for it . 2 1\/2 '' shop vac hose slide right onto saw . it be the better choice . I use a foot switch christmas tree extension cord so I can turn vacum on and off with ease .
730	Bag	NEG	2	much smaller than expect . this will only hold the shortest and thinnest of cable . bag be well make but anything longer than 12-15 of thin cable will not fit inside . 4ga cable of anything longer than 10-12 ' be not go to work with this bag . disappoint with this one . not worth the return so i will find something else to use it with .
814	Bag	POS	5	Safe way to easily transport my new Pentax k10d . have a small pocket to keep additional card , and another pocket in front to keep other small accessory . build sturdy and durable with thick padded side for protection if drop .
619	Bag	POS	4	this bag hold my Nikon d40 with 18-55 DX lens with room for a handful of accessory -lrb- battery charger + spare battery and power cord ; usb cable ; lens\/body cap ; uv filter case -rrb- . I find it difficult to position the padding perfectly for the d40 , so the divider do not quite cradle the camera . however , all of the accessory that I find some need for have when I be not at home fit just fine in the bag , and none of the pocket be completely fill . also , there do not seem to be a perfect corner for tuck in the neck strap - I always end up folding it in some wierd position . I do not see much of a good way to fit another lens inside - but hopefully by the time I can afford more glass , I 'll have enough cash for a slightly larger bag too . I have not have a oppurtunity to test the aw -lrb- all weather -rrb- cover yet . however , while not in use , you can barely tell it exist . for soem reason , the price go up since I buy it - it be $ 18.33 at the time of purchase , but two week later , it be go for $ 23.40 . also , I do not see why other color be more expensive - the black one be about ten buck more .
77	Bag	NEG	2	not worth the price you ask ? it be only $ 11.00 . true . do not waste you $ 11.00 . instead plug a shop vac into the exhaust port of the table saw . the small exhaust port get jam easily and if that happen , forget collect any dust in the bag . if the exhaust port stay clear , then I would say I collect about 10 % of the dust produce . especially with mdf . what a mess !! I build a moble stand for the saw and folding stand so I push the whole thing out into the drive way and use it out there because of the mess it make inside the garage .  the saw be great and I be very happy with it . I give it 4 or 5 five star in my review of the saw itself . but this collection bag be pointless . save you money and spend it elsewhere .  until I get my dust collector for all my tool , I use this bag on my DeWalt 2-speed planer where it work great . I empty it frequently , but that be a planer for you .
423	Bag	POS	5	I love this case .  I own three Lowepro case ; a `` Topload Zoom 2 '' -lrb- which I use whenever I take any of my slr camera in the field -rrb- , a `` d-res 8 '' for my Canon s400 , and and a `` d-res 10 aw '' , which I use with my Fuji mx-1700 digital camera . I think that all of they be exceptionally good . they be well-made , durable , good look and functional . before settle on Lowepro a couple of year ago , I go through dozen of bag , and be never really happy with any of they .  the D-Res 10 aw be the perfect size for my Fuji mx-1700 . it be over two year old now , and look as good as the day that it arrive at my door via UPS - despite the fact that it have see lot of abuse over the last few year .
593	Bag	NEG	1	this tool be not ground and be not properly insulate , I get a shock of electricity every time I use it . there be no speed adjustment , just slow , no power , my belt keep brake . the dust bag keep fly off . I recommend stay away from this tool .
984	Bag	NEG	2	pro : it be light weight make it good for vertical or overhead sanding . dust collection be good as long as it be not clog . con : switch quit work after 3 month , under warranty i should have have it replace , instead I think the same thing would happen again since it be the dust from sand , so I install a toggle switch instead . variable speed make little difference to speed , I bring it in for service think it be defective , no it be fine . dust exhaust clog easily and be hard to clean out . Belt removal be difficult , just make sure you do you bench curl everyday . Motor will not hold up to heavy pressure . would help if front handle removal be tool free . Summary : the most overrated tool on Amazon .
116	Bag	POS	4	nice bag . I have have good luck with Case Logic . they seem to be about the best they be , at a fair price .
988	Bag	POS	4	this bag appear vey sturdy and handy . as a quick carrier for a tool source for do fix up , this carrier will serve very nicely when the household repair and installation be require . as a free gift with another discounted product I purchase the price be right .
167	Bag	NEG	2	the description say it fit `` any fully assemble Garrett metal detector '' . not true . I have a Garrett 350 with the double-d coil and it do not fit into the bag . I be not a very tall person so I do not have mine adjust to be very long . but I should not have to collapse the thing to get it to fit into a bag that be supposedly make fore it . Pretty disappointed .
420	Bag	POS	5	I purchase several of these and use they for extension cord , battery cable , compressor hose and rv water hose . they be make of tough material and help one to organize all those coil of `` stuff '' . the bag help save the coiled material inside from abuse and make thing easy to find and more snarl-proof .
156	Bag	NEG	1	I should have read the other review better before buy the bag . Kodak have a nice idea , but the bag just be not big enough .
115	Bag	NEG	1	Miss lead title of product . the product do not come with jumper cable . though it clearly state Cable and Tool Bag . the title should say Cable\/tool Bag . they be advertise thief ... read the fine print I guess !!! mother f'er !!!
51	Bag	POS	5	very well design and manufacture machine . balance be near perfect , and use with one hand be comfortable and always in control . compare to a similar design sander , make by AEG , this sander be much more comfortable and better balanced . if you be a serious woodworker , this belt sander will spoil you . once you use this sander , you will not want to use a sander with a different design again .
706	Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag after month of search for something that would hold both my camcorder -lrb- Panasonic PV-GS80 -rrb- and camera -lrb- Nikon p5100 -rrb- . I buy it specifically for travel , and need something that could handle all the man-handling by airport security as well as be bang around while hike , and this bag far surpass my expectation . the bag be pad throughout -lrb- top , bottom , side -rrb- and feel sturdy while provide protection for the electronics . the bag be , supposedly , insulate and waterproof -lrb- necessary in extreme condition -rrb- and I have no doubt that it be at least waterproof as the inside material be similar to jacket material -lrb- so water soak from outside do not make it all the way through , I be guess -rrb- . construction feel solid and the sewing feel sturdy . I be able to fit my camcorder , camera , and charge basis -lrb- but not power cord -rrb- along with a few minidv and other small assorted item into the bag -lrb- please see picture I include in the picture section -rrb- , and be more than please I can keep they together , especially when have to go through airport security . I do have to agree with the awkwardness of try to open the bag when it be wear on the shoulder , and though it may be a safety feature , it be almost impossible to try to open the bag with one hand and try to capture those lightning-fast moment -- by the time you have manage to wrangle the camera out of the bag , the moment be go , otherwise I be very pleased with my purchase .
789	Bag	NEG	1	well , I suppose it be my fault , but I just think a jumper cable bag would come with jumper cable in it . so read the fine print carefully -- it be just a bag !
697	Bag	POS	4	good quality bag for digital or film Pentax SLR . sturdy construction , side pocket etc. at good price from Cameta Limited capability for extra lens and extra long lens
837	Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag about 18 month ago because my kit have outgrow my previous bag . I generally carry two Nikon d80 together two battery grip and four lens plus filter , battery charger , lens cleaning kit and so on . one thing that I particularly like be that the bag be long enough so it that will hold two camera body each with a battery grip and lens attach . this mean that I can minimize the time that I have to change lens and so help to keep the dreaded dust away from the camera sensor . the lens that I generally leave attach to the camera be a Nikon 18-200 zoom and a Sigma 10-20 zoom . the internal divider can be move about and reconfigure to suit you own requirement . the top zip down over the main compartment and connect to the side and front of the bag with four plastic clip buckle . there be two side pouch which be still accessible when the main compartment of the bag be all zip up . these be hold close by velco patch . I find these quite useful for thing like a mobile phone that you want use without open the whole case . it can get fairly heavy when load with kit but the shoulder strap and handle do a good job of spread the weight . the bag be within airline carry-on size but be careful if the airline impose a weight restriction on hand luggage . the only disappointing thing about the bag be the so-called ` Piggy-Back Pocket ' which be suppose to allow the bag to be slip over the handle of roll luggage . I can not get this to work - every time I have try to use it the bag swivel round the handle of my luggage . nevertheless , this be a minor problem and I now leave the pocket close and use it to carry a newspaper or magazine . overall , I be very pleased with this bag and would recommend it anybody want a well make camera bag that can carry a large amount of kit .
795	Bag	NEG	2	this be a well build product but it will just hold you camera and battery . it will not handle the cable need to support the camera or the power supply which be a must in most case . the battery do not last long enough for most outing . it be basically the size of a small hardcovered novel !
759	Bag	POS	5	we have several of the Bucket Boss bag and they be all very handy ! if you want to store a tow strap and\/or jumper cable , flashlight , glove , small tool , reflectors\/flares , etc. then the Cable and Tool bag be perfect . it have room for more stuff than the Bucket Boss Jumper Cable and Extension cord bag . we have that one too and it be more basic , but still really nice for jumper cable and glove . any of the Bucket Boss bag we have get have be very sturdy and have hold up well despite slide around in we vehicle , be toss in the garage , and stuff under car seat .
987	Bag	NEG	1	never even have to take it out of the bag . one review state he fit he # 2 gage jumper in this ' I would sure like to ask he how . this bag be SMALL . I have a heavy duty set of cable in my f-350 and it be not even close to fitting . a standard size set could fit ? this be go back to Amazon . advise - roll you cable up and measure diameter and height of the roll .
981	Bag	POS	5	purchase this for my son to keep in he truck under the seat . it arrive quickly and look just like the picture . very happy !
858	Bag	POS	5	I be a son of a carpenter , mechanic , home rebuilder , and avid hobbyist . I start use power tool when I be 7 or 8 year old . I be now 39 ; you do the math . I have have a older model -lrb- 3270 -rrb- that look identical to the 1274dv for 10 + year and would not trade it for any other . this be the only belt sander I could find with a flat top and side . you can place the sander up side down on a table , lock the trigger and sand small part all day . I also set the sander on its side and clamp it to my table saw 's table for sand 90-degree work . the belt center be not the best I have see but it work okay . the end of the belt release handle get broken year ago but it still work by pull on the remain stub . I recently get the cord stick in the belt area and snap the rubber drive belt -lrb- no other damage -rrb- . good design here as other tool I have overstress break more than a simple drive belt . -lrb- no , I be not a klutz , these thing happen every so often . -rrb- the sander be light enough to handle fairly good with one hand . I be in the process of find out if the variable speed switch and graphite platen will adapt to my older model . Bosch have a web site which be very good except no part be available on line . a listing of authorized part location be give though .
783	Bag	NEG	1	I buy and return this bag . it be huge . I could have fit three digital camera in there . the reason I buy the digital camera -lrb- olympus 3020 -rrb- be that it be small and compact . this bag be almost as big as my camera bag for my slr . my bag be also miss the divider so the camera would just flop around in the bag .
275	Bag	NEG	1	I do multiple install in a day and any product that can save I time make I money . clean up be a requirement and I be hope this bag would at least help with contain the pile of sawdust that my bosch table create . it do not . in fact , the bag will catch about a 1\/3 or less and then because you have cover the exhaust hole , the sawdust will then blow back thru the blade opening into you face , even with the blade barely expose over you material . this blow back of course cause a dust cloud around the saw . its faster to clean up a large pile of sawdust on the ground from the exhaust hole than clean up a 5 ' area all around the saw from that dust cloud create by use the bag . it look nice and be big enough , but doesnt do the job at all .
742	Bag	NEG	2	it so happen that I purchase several accessory to the Bosch Table see  Bosch 4100-09 10-Inch Worksite Table see with Gravity-Rise stand  the reason for do so -- yes , I admit it be rather warped logic , if even logic at all -- be that once I have all those accessory , I just would feel force to buy the new saw . you can see the duality , right ? part of I want that saw bad , and part of I do not want to spend the money . anyway , once I purchase the saw -lrb- see my review elsewhere on Amazon.com -rrb- , I install the dust collector bag and start use it . before too long it develop a tear that grow increasingly larger . because this saw be advertise as be a contractor 's tool , then it should be of a quality to support that . not just the saw , but its accessory should be , too . a heavier gauge fabric or a different material altogether for this bag would have be appropriate . sorry Bosch , I be not impressed .
502	Bag	POS	4	I get this to store my Bostitch f21pl frame nailer  bostitch f21pl Round Head 1-1\/2 - Inch to 3-1\/2 - Inch Framing Nailer with positive Placement Tip and Magnesium Housing  it be a tight fit , but the zipper close and the frame nailer will be a lot happier in the bag , dust free , and hopefully free of the dent and ding it would receive it it be rattle around the back of my truck unprotected . I like the gunner bag and can recommend it . here be some point base on my use and observation : pro : \* size - this bag should fit just about any pneumatic nailer you have . the Bostitch I get it for be about as big as the other guy that shoot round head frame nail : Hitachi , Senco , Porter Cable , etc. . Mine fit best upside down , with the business end point toward the peak of the bag , on top . naturally , it will fit many smaller nailer , too , like a roofing nailer or a couple of finish nailer . \* well make - the material of the bag be rugged ripstop nylon and it seem to be put together well enough . stitch be mostly single and while the zipper be not particularly heavy duty -lrb- it be a nylon type - not metal -rrb- , it should last long enough . the handle be make of nylon webbing and will probably outlast other component of the bag . \* it be padded - I like this feature , for in addition to keep the dust off the tool , I also want the bag to afford it protection from bang and bump when it be ride along with my other tool in the back of the pickup . the side be not heavily padded , but it be enough to make a difference . while the bottom be not pad it do have a strip of rigid plastic run the length of the bag which should offer some protection as well . \* Versatile - The bag come with one pocket on the outside -lrb- which be where a bottle of my pneumatic tool oil life -rrb- and a couple of small pocket inside . give that it be already a tight fit inside for a full-size framing nailer and the fact that the interior pocket be fairly small , I do not see much practical purpose to these ; I would prefer to have another , larger , pocket on the exterior -lrb- perhaps with a closeable flap ? -rrb- where I could store the tip cover , sequential-fire trigger , etc. . the bag come with a nylon shoulder strap so you can carry the bag over you shoulder to free up you hand . this may or may not be useful depend on how you use the bag , but it be nice to have the option . con : \* value - this be purely subjective , but it seem that this bag should be less expensive than it be . be it handy ? yes , it be . be it essential ? well , no , I do not think it be . at the time of this writing , the bag represent about 13 % of the cost of the tool it be carry . I leave it to you to decide whether that be a good value or not . I have use Bucket Boss product in the past and they be still go strong , but that be carry dozen of tool , day in , day out , everywhere . this gunner bag be go to be carry one tool , occasionally , so the value proposition for I be not as sweet as it could be . \* gate mouth - I need to review the meaning of what gate mouth be , because I think that mean a opening that get bigger due to a semi-rigid opening that make the open to the bag much bigger . this bag do not have that , but instead it have a zipper that run the length of the bag . do it matter ? the zipper work just fine , and the bag swallow my framing nailer , so I guess not . still , my expectation be different from what the product actually be . -lrb- I 'll allow that I may be confuse about the meaning , for sure -rrb- other thought : I do not see this as a essential item , but it be nice to have depend on you use . I be a contractor , but not a full-time rough carpenter or framer , so I will not be use my framing nailer on a daily basis . in my shop , this gunner bag will be protect my tool from dust and bump until I use it again . if I be to use my frame nailer every day , I do not know that I would spend the money on protect the tool that would basically get use to death and then toss . professional framer , what do you think ? for this reviewer , this be a good and useful bag that I be happy I purchase . yes , I think it could have be have for less give that the quality be ok but not fantastic , the material be decent but not top quality -lrb- zipper -rrb- , and it be make in China . -lrb- not to knock China in this case , but while they manufacture this bag about as well as anyone , let 's face it : it cost the factory penny on the dollar to produce this item -rrb-
313	Bag	POS	5	what a great buy ! this bag work great for either a digital still camera or mini camcorder . I purchase the Lowepro 40aw after research they on the internet and check out the lowepro site . I originally buy the 40 aw to use with my Toshiba PDR M-5 Digital still Camera . I could fit either the still camera and all the accessory -- cable , filter , you name it , or my Canon zr10 with \* almost \* all the gear . but I love it so much I buy the Lowepro Digital beltpack AW for the zr10 . they be high quality camera bag and the Digital variety come with a special lining that will not scratch sensitive lcd screen ! lot of extra little pocket for tape , smart card , cable , and charger too . the outside be soft yet rugged and well construct . I think my high dollar digital camera investment feel safe and sound in this great camera bag !
872	Bag	NEG	1	I purchase this bag to carry my jumper cable in so they would be neat and organize in my truck . to bad they will not fit in the bag . the only cable that would fit in this bag be the cheap one 's from `` FRED 's ''
873	Bag	NEG	2	this bag be of very good quality but although it might be consider the standard size , the die hard cable which I buy at Sears will not fit so I end up return the bag . I compare my cable with another brand my wife have and the die hard be almost twice as long and not as flexible due to the high quality so they be harder to coil . I agree with other reviewer in that you really could not fit much on the side pocket .
644	Bag	POS	4	I never try a Tamrac camera bag before , and I must say that I really like this model . nice durable construction with a padded interior to protect you camera -lrb- s -rrb- and equipment . that be say , I be a little dubious about the claim that it will fit two slr with lens attach . certainly if you lens be fix then it should not be a problem , but if both be equip with zoom then you may run out of room . I have a Nikon D70s , and with the 18-70mm DX kit lens attach it reach just about to the center of the bag or slightly past it . either way , two camera like that would result in the lens touch tightly at the cap . as my other camera be a Coolpix 5400 room be not a issue , but it do factor into I give the pro 4 star instead of 5 . so basically , if you have one slr and want a roomy bag with adjustable divider and pocket space then this may be what you be look for , otherwise you may want to look for a larger model .
561	Bag	POS	4	great bag for hold a GameBoy Advance with a light and other accessory , but it look like a purse . go for it if you like function over form , or if you be a girl .
916	Bag	NEG	1	the picture clearly show tool and cable in multiple picture . no where do it state that these item be not include . no where do it state that you be purchase the bag only . bag might be nice but not without the tool and cable . will have to return this .
97	Bag	POS	5	I order these for all of the Supervisor vehicle in use by we emergency medical service . after seven year they be still in great shape . the one that I order from Amazon be a personal purchase for myself . I know that it will do the job and last a long time .
877	Bag	POS	5	this spacious tool bag be wonderful and so roomy that I wish I have buy two of they . I definitely recommend this tool bag .
914	Bag	NEG	2	this bag have enough space for still , video camera , a small compact tripod , power charge cord and all other cord , minus dv . however the outer look and quality of the bag be same as any other bag which you can buy under $ 10 . Bieng samsonite brand I have expect to have outstanding look and outer finish . however it be just a ordinary quality bag which you can pick up in wall mart for lot less price .
960	Bag	NEG	2	while a great concept , this dust collection bag prove of little worth to my dust collection effort . I find that hook my shop vac up to the dust ejection port on the back of my Bosch table saw be infinitely better than this bag , which only collect about 50-60 % of the sawdust
73	Bag	POS	5	just the right size for carry household tool from closet to where they be need . I like that it zip up and have pocket on the inside and outside . it even have a padded shoulder strap . Update 11\/2008 : I agree that thing do tend to fall out of the interior pocket . divider would make this more useful for organize small item . still give this 5 star for durability . for small tool , I now use a couple large shallow box -lrb- picture frame come in they -rrb- . keep stack in a drawer , I can more quickly see the tool I need or take the whole box to a project site .
941	Bag	NEG	2	Bosch 1274dv 6.6 amp 3-inch by 21-inch variable speed In-Line Belt Sander with Cloth dust bag  several of my favorite tool be Bosch so we start out on good term . however the dust collector plug up early on and I could not get it to work again . then the tracking quit adjusting . finally it just stop in the middle of sand a big table top , maybe overheate ? it be in the trash and I return to my tired old Makita .
293	Bag	POS	5	Bucket Boss have always use quality material and craftsmanship in they product . this jumper cable bag be no exception . this be a quality bag at a very reasonable price , and it do a great job of organize those pesky jumper cable , that usually sit in a big mess , in the trunk of the car . this bag even contain my extra long , 25 foot jumper cable . go with Bucket Boss and you will not be disappoint .
505	Bag	NEG	2	about 70 percent of the sawdust make it into a empty bag with the amount become less as the bag fill . when the bag be over 50 % full , most of the saw dust go in the air , on the floor , etc. . I have since stop use the bag because my shop vac hose fit the sawdust port .
124	Bag	NEG	2	my first project with this tool be ~ 64 sq. ft. of peel deck plank . I break or shred 3 belt in the process and the handle get very hot . by the end the graphite pad have worn badly and also leave a number of black mark on my deck . my old Dewalt 430 have none of these problem on the same type of deck . also the sander do not seem wide enough . a new belt stick out about 1\/8 '' over the side and tracking adjustment do not help . maybe this be why belt fail so fast . if I have buy this at Lowes I would already have take it back . on the positive side it be light and compact and the dust collection work well . it be just not up to the abuse I need to be able to give a sander .
319	Bag	POS	4	I have a Panasonic dv-51 -lrb- cool camcorder for beginner -rrb- and this bag be just the right thing for it . it have 2 front zip pocket which can hold the cable and adapter\/charger . you will have to squeeze in the tape and extra battery with the camcorder . you can resize compartment inside the bag . this help to make space for battery , tape etc. . you wont be able to use this bag for Sony Digital8 camcorder as they be pretty big and will be the only thing which you can fit in the available space . I would advise against use this bag for any camcorder heavier\/bigger than the Panasonic pv-dv51 .
3	Bag	NEG	2	look like a good product , but be clearly use and the belt be worn so I return it . Amazon will not let you exchange this product , so I order another . if it be use as well , I 'll be dissapoint . so far I have order 3 powertool on Amazon and all have be clearly use , and some missing part . I be give they one last shot . beware .
608	Bag	NEG	1	for the price of this bag and a decent set of cable , you can get a portable jump start system from Husky , Coleman , etc. with a build in worklight -lrb- add bonus , you can use these system as a power source for power outage , tailgate party , extend cell use , etc. -rrb- and , these gadget be easier to use and\/or store than cable . add about 10 buck , and you can get the model that have light duty air compressor build in .
698	Bag	POS	5	I need a bag that would hold my table-top tripod , battery , charger , memory card , book , cord and cable , wide-angle and telephoto lens , filter ... oh and the digital camera too !  the tripod fold down to 9.5 `` x4 '' so the first requirement be to find a bag with a interior length of at least 9.5 '' and width of 4 '' . I stack the camera , battery charger and lens on top of the tripod and find I need a bag at least 5.5 '' high . when I see the spec on this bag , it be perfect , 10 `` l x 4.5 `` w x 6 `` H. so , I must admit that the reason I purchase the bag be the size .  upon receive the bag I be amaze at the quality and craftsmanship for such a low price . the seam and zipper be all double stitch . the shoulder strap and handle be make of extra heavy material . the ultrathick padding be exceptional . again I 'll say , quality and craftsmanship be the best .  after put everything in the bag include the Olympus C-2040 Zoom digital camera I have room to spare .
991	Bag	POS	5	great way to carry a good mix of tool around
787	Bag	NEG	2	very Disappointed . too bulky , and way too spacious for my small digital camera i also buy through Amazon . if I save the receipt , I would return it in a second !
640	Bag	NEG	1	if this bag work as well as the miter see bag then you would be much better off buy a box of dust mask and a pair of coverall . Waste of money .
480	Bag	POS	4	this bag be a good value . it do not leave much extra space inside , depend on the length of the cord you have , but it get the job do .
554	Bag	POS	5	this little bag have extend the life of we camcorder in numerous fall off the table , drop , bang around in the trunk , etc. . nicely pad , have lot of storage for the extra such as more tape , charger , etc. . well worth every penny for this camcorder insurance !
725	Bag	NEG	1	the bag simply collect some of the saw dust . at best 50 % . it be much better to use a shop vac 's tubing insert directly into the output of the saw . I put together a common switch so they both go on at the same time . my rear bagger be already in the dust bin in my shop -lrb- use it 6 time in 3 week -rrb-
620	Bag	POS	5	I be refinish the woodwork in my home . I order this to save time in sand the jam , casing and baseboard . this sander work like a charm . I be very glad I purchase it .
776	Bag	POS	5	what be there to say . it be a bag . it be round . it have a zipper . it hold my jumper cable perfectly . this be one of those product that do what it suppose to . it be a great solution to the problem of have jumper cable lie tangle on the floor .
21	Bag	POS	5	I buy this sander sight unseen . I be look for something that be lightweight and could be use for more than just floor . the 1274dv 6.6 amp belt sander be well make , affordable , and best of all rectangular and flat side so that it can clamp or lie on its back as a fix sander . I have have no need to make any adjustment to the belt . the dust exhaust adapter do not fit my ShopVac small hose wand , be a little too small inside diameter , but the hose itself fit over the exhaust port and work extremely well , virtually no dust . I can not speak for commercial application , but for the typical home workshop , you simply can not go wrong . I buy the sander with the case , which I highly recommend . it will hold several belt and a small extension cord .
550	Bag	NEG	1	I be really excite when I first get this bag , but since have grow to hate it . I have a Dell laptop , relatively light weight and I carry my computer in this bag at all time . but it have terrible weight distribution ! in fact , my shoulder be hurt so much after one flight that I check my laptop in my luggage to avoid use this bag . poorly design ! do not buy this bag if you plan to carry you laptop . it just be not design properly for it ! I now have the latest Eddie Bauer bag and be very pleased . anyone want a slightly use Amazon bag ? -lrb- ha ha -rrb- .
952	Bag	NEG	2	I have not compare this to a lot of bag but I find it heavy and uncomfortable to want to carry those few thing on a daily level -lrb- I end up use a side bag instead -rrb- and it be a bit small to have a as a go-to bag for project outside of the shop . the pocket be also too small to be helpful . I have stab under my fingernail a few time look for bit , screw , pen and the like .
562	Bag	NEG	1	I do not think this bag be worth the $ 14 + price . it be SMALLER & NOT AS STURDY look as I expect .
50	Bag	NEG	2	I be surprise when this arrive completely empty . I read the description as Cable and tool bag , think that I be get cable and tool in a bag . no - just the bag . a bit overpriced for just a bag .
40	Bag	POS	5	I have a old Craftsman belt sander before and it do not have a dust bag . it make a mess all over my workshop . I have read in several magazine about dust bag on belt sander and many of they do not do what they be suppose to do . I read the 15 review on the Amazon site and they all claim this Makita be the best . I be totally satisfy . it surely do a exceptional job at keep the saw dust in the bag .
290	Bag	NEG	1	notwithstanding that many people who have evidently never drop a camera be recommend this case , it be inferior in every respect to other case available at a similar price . I return this case and order a different one of similar size , make by a different manufacturer . if you be curious as to what that would be , just do a search within Camera and Photo for 5693 . or check my other review . this case have only a layer of soft foam padding so thin that you can compress it to the thickness of a sheet of paper with the slightest pinch of you thumb and finger . it be incapable of absorb any useful amount of energy , and hence incapable of offer you camera any significant measure of protection . this case use a zipper closure that be not only inconvenient as compare to a snug-fitting flap that close with a side-release buckle , but also , wear of the camera at the point where it will inevitably rub on the zipper , will be unavoidable . this be a horrible design , altogether inappropriate for the intended purpose . the cover that pull out and cover 3\/4 of the case might help to deter water in situation where it probably would not get wet anyway . the other case that I order will be not quite as good in this respect , but if I be concerned about the camera get wet , I 'll use a plastic zip-lock bag either around the camera inside the case , or else around the case . something else that I do not like about this case be that it use that fuzzy nylon -lrb- or polyester -rrb- for the lining , which be the same stuff that you see use a lot for line the pocket of coat and jacket . it be suppose to simulate soft cotton , but it be not the same . the fuzzy fiber have a way of stick to my finger . in the jacket that I have that use this stuff , every time I put my hand in the pocket and then pull they out , the pocket lining would come out along with my hand . I just do not like the scratchy feel of this stuff , and I prefer a smooth lining that simulate silk instead .
699	Bag	POS	5	this be versatile pouch for a small to medium-size digital still or compact video camera - plus -lrb- depend on the size of the camera -rrb- room for extra memory , battery and accessory . a adjustable divider and lot of pocket keep equipment well-organized . -lrb- Perfect for my Panasonic Lumix fz1 , while the rest of the stuff stay home on a day trip . -rrb- all Weather Cover : built-in cover that protect you gear from dust , rain or snow . adjustable Divider : customize the interior for a variety of need . brush Tricot Lining : soft material that will not scratch lcd view screen . Laminated Mesh Pocket : hold memory card or mini-dv tape . removable shoulder strap : adjustable for length . so , will you camera fit this case ? here be the dimension I dig up : d-re 30aw specification inner dimension 6w x 2.5 d x 6h in . -lrb- 15 x 6.5 x 15 cm -rrb- Exterior dimension 7w x 3.5 d x 6.75 h in . -lrb- 18 x 9 x 17 cm -rrb- Weight 7 oz -lrb- 198 g -rrb- Materials all Weather Cover , special brushed-tricot lining that be ultra gentle to lcd screen . outer fabric : water-resistant 420d nylon\/txp TM crossweave and 1200d ballistic txp you can expect this case to be durable on the outside and gentle to you camera on the inside . well worth the money to protect you investment .
579	Bag	NEG	1	perhaps I miss read about this . I think it be a digital camera and the case . I only receive the case . I will be return this item soon .
602	Bag	POS	5	I buy this for a apprentice plumber , and it be just right for he with all the great pocket ! arrive fast , it be a great purchase !
931	Bag	POS	4	this camera case from Samsonite be one of the best camera case for digital camera or slr camera . it be lightweight , sturdy , and waterproof . the pouch be not too big , so you plan on stuff all kind of accessory , think again . the inside major compartment be also not too big . but for a simple , reliable case to safely house you camera , this be a excellent case .
957	Bag	POS	5	easily hold my canon elan 7 and rebel 2000 camera , along with speedlite and 3 -lrb- 1 telephoto zoom -rrb- lens . ample room to spare . compartment hold accessory and room for load of film . very well construct . would be a good deal at full price - a steal at reduce price .
880	Bag	NEG	2	I 'll start off by state that I love all of my other Bosch tool - from all the laser goody to to the pneumatic to my planer . but , whoever be in charge of put Bosch 's name on this piece of dung from Switzerland -lrb- where it be make -rrb- , should be fire ! actually , the tool do have some strong point ; e.g. , a light yet solid feeling , it be ergonomic & have the ability to be invert & use as table top sander because of its unique brick-like shape . however , the bloody platen be not wide enough to incorporate a standard 3 '' belt ! in other word , with the belt adjust all the way inboard , there be still circa 3\/16 '' of the outboard edge of the belt off of the platen & roller ... what a waste !!! I call Bosch Tech support & the guy have the nerve to tell I that `` some belt manufacture make they belt a little wider than standard & so they can over extend the roller & platen . '' I promptly refute , `` the belt be the same belt that come in the box from Bosch ! '' I tell he I would be send it back to Amazon & buy another brand . then he state , `` well , we 4 `` x24 '' be a much better belt sander '' & suggest that I try it . I laugh & bid he a good day ! I do not want a bigger sander , which be exactly why I choose a 3 `` x21 '' ! bottom line be the tracking knob be turn all the way in & the belt be still circa 3\/16 '' from the inside edge of the sander . if this sander simply have another 1\/4 '' meat on the platen and roller , I would have likely keep it ; but instead , another manufacturer will get my business ! come on , Bosch ... time to release a new model or find another manufacturer !!!
760	Bag	NEG	2	I hope this would do as state in the other review , but I be disappoint with several thing : it do not catch fine dust -lrb- mdf -rrb- at all because the dust just blow into the air from the air movement create by the saw blade ; if any of you wood be green , the moisture cause it to collect in the bag entrance and just stop all sawdust from get into the bag ; if you remove you blade guard to do dado and rabbet cut , the air flow that usually flow down from the saw blade be minimize already and attach this bag cause most of the airflow to go up around the blade along with most of the dust . if you use dry hardwood and little or no mdf or green wood , this will help to catch maybe 60 % - 70 % a of the sawdust , but I find myself do a lot of cut that require I to remove the blade guard which make this product almost useless - maybe 20 % of the dust be collect while the rest be throw into the air . I really think that the biggest problem be with the design of the lower blade cover in the saw design because it be not smooth and only the driest and heaviest sawdust get blow into this bag . Mark I down as disappointed and back to use my shop vac .
764	Bag	NEG	2	this tool bag be high quality and durable , but I like my tool to stand up in pocket . you tool in this bag must lay flat in most all case . small tool and a small quantity may be put into pocket but in the most part you just have to through they in the bottom of the bag and dig .
174	Bag	POS	5	sturdy , compact , lot of room . compartment be adjustable . I feel my investment be safe within these wall ! better price and better quality than the Sony bag .
992	Bag	NEG	2	I pick up this bag when I purchase the Bosch 4000 table saw . I be hope to avoid use a vaccuum attachment on the job site . I quickly find that if I be serious about contain saw dust , I have to ditch this collection bag . it collect maybe half the dust , if that . if you have the power to run both the saw and a vaccuum attachment , do it , and leave the bag for when you can work outside or you can unplug the saw and vaccuum up the mess .
148	Bag	NEG	1	after use this thing 5 time , it quit . it be suppose to have a one year warranty . I send it back 3 month after purchase . after wait 10 week , it be ready for return , except they want $ 40 for the repair . it turn out the switch go bad , and it and several other item be not cover after 30 day . that be not mention anywhere when I purchase it . I will never buy another Bosch tool again . by the way , I be 58 and this be the first time I have ever have a switch go bad on a tool . I be not be not a commercial user .
5	Bag	NEG	2	I have recently purchase numerous Bosch tool from Amazon\/Tool Crib and I have be a life-long Bosch fan . however , I have to say that this be the very first time I have be let down by one of they product . I guess I just get a rare `` lemon '' . immediately on use it , I have problem with the `` lock-on button '' . either it would not keep the machine running , or when it do engage I could then not stop it ! it work sporadically , but usually not until I have try to disengage or engage it several time . then , after just 15 minute use sand some deck timber , a loud clatter develop . sound like a bearing problem ? this do not seem to unduly affect performance , and since I purchase the unit for this specific job , I carry on for a while . then , the rear belt wheel start to slip or disengage , like a slip clutch . the work I be do be not unduly difficult and for a period of time , the work be go like a dream , much as I be use to with Bosch tool . so finally , I just give up-extremely disappoint that I could not finish the job at hand . I have return it and I will get the 1276dv instead .
498	Bag	NEG	2	this dust collection bag capture a good portion of the sawdust , but create too much resistance to airflow , cause sawdust to blow back in you face . I have to take it off . disappointing .
410	Bag	POS	5	I buy this for the back of my suv . I have two 50-foot extension cord and a 25-foot bounce around in a box , and when I see this I could not resist . pro : Quality : the fabric and the stitch look awesome . con : size ... if anything it be on the small side , which could be good , because it could easily fit under the driver 's seat in a truck or van . but I do not even try put the second 50-ft cord in after I have the first one and the 25-foot cord in there and snug -lrb- both be 14 awg -rrb- . I would buy it again , and I would rather buy two than a large bulky one -lrb- multiple cord get heavy fast -rrb- . thus I think it deserve five star , even though it be smaller than what I be originally look for .
686	Bag	POS	4	Works on the deck great with 36 grit paper . however , the dustless feature seem to have be ommit in the one I receive . borrow a Porter Cable with a more effective collection system and in retrospect think the more expensive Bosch would have be a better investment . otherwise easy machine , good value .
930	Bag	POS	5	I need a big enough case to fit my 25 ' 2ga booster cable in and this case fill the bill . it be construct very well and should last for many many year . I also buy 2 more afterwards to put some rv 30amp extension cord in and the case be big enough to fit they . nice product .
825	Bag	POS	5	you will love this bag - great contemporary look , roomy , nicely pad for laptop , I find it very comfortable-it be the best bag of this sort I have ever own - buy it , you will not be disappoint .
565	Bag	NEG	2	this bag appear to be very durable and have ample space for storage . the problem be access the storage area at the bottom of the bag . in order to get to the storage area in the bottom of the bag you have to remove everything from the top . we return the bag for this reason . this bag would have be perfect if there be a zipper access along the base that open up the bottom storage area for easy access .
87	Bag	POS	5	I would recommend these bag because they be easy to use and seem very sanitary . I only thing I would suggest be a small pocket or container to keep they in while walk .
715	Bag	POS	5	as I order the camera on line , I want a case to fit snugly , but could not try they on for fit . the choice of camera be directly related to the size , so I do not want a big bulky case . the Lowe website tell you exactly which bag to buy for a particular model of camera , which be great , otherwise I probably would have order the wrong one . but just like they say , the camera fit snugly inside , there be a bit of room for a couple extra . for travel , hike , cycling , and whatever else I can get myself into , this be a great little case that protect well .
718	Bag	NEG	2	purchase the Garrett Metal Detector bag a few day ago . very disappoint with the bag . my Garrett ace 250 metal detector be 44 '' long on the shortest lenght . the bag be only 42 '' long . the metal detector be too long for the bag . guess it would fit if I be to take it apart but ... that seem silly & useless . would not have purchase the bag if I would have know it would not fit unless I take the metal detector apart . what a rip off ! Update ... I would like to say that the company stand behind it be product . they email a response on my review and be very concerned that I be disappoint with the bag . the company make thing right and in this day and time that very seldom happen . most of the time it be all about sell the product . but not this company . it be important to they that the customer be satisfy . I must say , I be satisfied now .
231	Bag	POS	4	I can only agree with everybody else . the bad be big , but it pay off after a while , becuase you can carry Smart Media card , battery , a camera , a cable , a pair of sunglass and a micro-recording device in this bag at the same time . for I as a music journalist , that be a great thing . the bad thing be that you can not really wear it over yur shoulder like a bigger bag . it look and feel dumb . besides that , this be a good product .
138	Bag	POS	5	the bag 's very , very nice and absolutely great for biking around with . these messenger bag be much better than backpack because they do not put any direct weight on you spine when you be biking .  great feature of the Amazon.com bag : a waist strap prevent slippage , a comfy shoulder pad , plenty to room for all you stuff without be too bulky , a pocket for cellphone\/pens , a really nifty internal laptop compartment which you can also use to store file , a external net pocket to stash a water bottle or any other small item , and nice safety feature - 2 reflective strip and a loop for you safety blinker light .  a word of caution about the two reflective safety strip . Becasue they be secure by detachable clip , do be careful when fiddle to open or close the bag - you may indavertantly unfasten the wrong clip and lose the reflective strip . to ensure that this do not happen you could tape up these clip .  aside from this minor point , this be a great bag . get it !
933	Bag	NEG	2	look cheap , will not fit my 28-200mm zoom lens or even the kit lens with the hood attach . the zipper break the first week I have it and there be not enough padding to protect the camera .
664	Bag	NEG	1	like tit on a bull . I be work with a dado blade , and maybe 5 % of any chips\/dust make it into the bag - the rest fall to the floor . if anybody have a better solution , please let I know .
888	Bag	POS	4	this sturdy case have outlast many camera and I find it adequate for carry my camera around .
304	Bag	POS	5	I can say that I be very happy with the bag as I buy it to carry a set of the Michelin 5100 cable that have the large box to protect from reversed hook-up for my wife 's car . it be pretty easy get the cable set into the bag and it stow away nicely in she spare tire area . with the Michelin cable though there really be not much room for anything else in the bag . still it be a good bag for jumper cable that either do not come with a bag or have fall apart .
286	Bag	NEG	1	simple to install and pretty effective . the only draw back be that sliver of scap wood can easily block the `` sawdust tunnel '' that feed the dust into the catcher . empty easily .
934	Bag	NEG	2	this bag have lot of pocket for battery , cord , and memory card , and plenty of room for my Olympus C-4000 camera . unfortunately , within 3 month of purchase it , the attach handle begin to tear , and I can only use the include longer strap .
794	Bag	POS	5	have this item about one month . Compact , but hold a lot include the cable , several bungee cord , bind rope , flash light -lcb- 2 c-cell size -rcb- , folding knife and pocket for map or other small item . it fit in a small hold under the jump seat in my Toyota pick up . I will be get another for the wife 's car . you can not go wrong with this bag .
839	Bag	NEG	2	the bag be really good look . I would say it be sturdy and it would protect you jumper cable or any other tool you may want to put in . for my surprise , as soon as I put my cable inside the bag and try to close the zipper , I notice that the latter be not able to close the bag at all , as it come with a small opening on the start end , cause the zipper to open again . I be send the bag to change or fix the zipper at a local shop as I think this will be less painfull than return the item , explain and then wait for a replacement -lrb- and then , hope that it come in work condition -rrb- .
750	Bag	POS	5	I have have this saw for a while and use my shop vac hook to the dust port which work great . I do at time have the vac in another location and the dust collector bag be a great option . I like the way be be tubular and the dust collect at the bottom and be easy to remove and dump . Dave
978	Bag	POS	5	this be a extremely well-designed and well-built sander . change the belt could not be easier . the speed control be simple to adjust , and be variable by the amount of tension place on the trigger .  this sander feel great out of the box , sand flat and be smooth-running . I do heavy duty sanding , and this be the tool for the job . if I could I would give more than five star for Bosch tool . I highly recommend it .
937	Bag	NEG	2	the 4000k must rank way up there with the world 's greatest sawdust disperse tool . my dust Collector be try and fail . it be now gather dust -lrb- pun intend -rrb- . it be a nice thing to look at and seem to fit ok , but you would not want to depend on it . I can not be certain with actual efficiency rating , but I would be shock if you could prove it capture even half the sawdust . get a REAL dust extractor with enough vacuum to suck the paint off the tablesaw stand , and you will be sure to collect 90 % of the saw 's by-product . the other 10 % will be up you nose unless you wear a paper mask . : - -rrb- but real man eat sawdust , do not they ?
19	Bag	POS	4	good size and shape . Easy to handle and do a much better job than my old heavy craftsman 4 '' x 21 '' po . I especially like the flat top ; even without the accessory frame you can turn this upside down and use it briefly as a bench-type sander . handle be position well for one-hand control from the back , or extra control or pressure add from the front . dust pickup be good with coarser grit belt , but diminish rapidly as you run finer and finer grits . I have the same problem as several other reviewer . the graphite platen pad on this new Bosch last only about 20 minute before self-destruct . it deposit lump of graphite -lrb- or the backing pad -rrb- on the wheel that make they bounce and shudder until I be able to scrape and clean they off . I find it hard to believe that Bosch can ignore such a well document and obvious flaw in they design . this have get to be fix in future version .
574	Bag	POS	5	fine bag . well-made as you would expect . look great . expect to get year of trouble-free use .
642	Bag	NEG	2	I do not understand why this bag be on the c3030 's list of accessory . it be to small for c3030 . I buy it , hardly could squash the camera , than forget to send it back . just a warning for other ...
22	Bag	POS	5	I want a bag to carry my camera , a Canon s2 , my battery charger , battery and other equipment and also other thing like my wallet and cosmetic item so I decide on this item . the bag be very durable and sturdy . the weather protector look a bit silly but believe I , it work ! I have have it for over 5 month and I be very happy with it .
786	Bag	NEG	1	ok , I find out that this do not fit my detector -lrb- ace 250 -rrb- , which I would have know if I have read the other review . that would not have matter if ... the thing be well make . I assume that since it be make by Garrett that it would be well make , but the zipper stick on first go and then break 5 minute after get it out of the package . that say , I be return it and will not bother replace it . this be one accessory that you could probably save money by not get in the first place . I be surprised Garrett would let they name be on this thing it be such poor quality . point to Garrett for at least be responsive about the quality issue of this bag , but they should definitely redesign it so it fit they detector and do not break . after all , it do have the Garrett name on it !
133	Bag	POS	5	the tool bag be a bit larger than I expect and be make of good material . all in all a good product . even smell like a tool bag when it arrive . have a hard bottom with pocket inside and out . more that enough . there be also a should strap include and it be not to long , just at waist level . Pleasent surprise .
444	Bag	NEG	1	although they say this be the best camera bag to use with the Pentax IQ200 , the camera fit into the bag but be very difficult to remove when you want to take a picture . the bag itself would be fine with a normal point and shoot camera but not one where there be any type of lens on the front .
432	Bag	POS	4	I really like my mutt mitt a lot . my only issue be that they be not quite long enough to tie easily . the less I have to handle the dog poop bag , the better . and , I find try they take a little too much manipulation .
315	Bag	NEG	1	I purchase this bag in hope that end of day clean-up would be make simpler . despite cut only kiln-dried interior trim stock the sawdust begin back up in the saw 's discharge chute long before the bag be even half full . I guess only a dust collection system will help I .
130	Bag	NEG	1	this thing be 100 % useless ! it hardly collect any dust at all , and what be worse be that it cause the dust tube on the saw to clog up , thereby cause the blade `` well '' to clog up and spit dust back in my face . not cool ! I throw it in the trash .
190	Bag	POS	5	I would see these at the local dog park and have be look for they locally for some time . all I could find around town be those really thin bag that just do not quite get the job do . I be happy to find these available at Amazon where the price be good and shipping be free and fast . these bag be way better than most other in term of pick up you dog 's business and in odor control . they be a lot thicker and much easier to tie up . a quality product that be a must for dog owner .
111	Bag	POS	5	I get my sander this past Monday ... I can not keep my hand off it ! it be already set up with 80 grit ... all I have to do be place the collection bag on top and plug it it . she run so quietly yet be so strong . the dust collection be wonderful , there be virtually no dust in the air ... or on the wood . I have be reclaim some 4x10 pine beam that be totally destroy by sun and moisture and have be wait for something like this sander to come along for the past 10 year . I change from the 80 to 60 grit ... and could not be happier ! I be use to my Craftsman 21x3 which be so loud you need ear muff and be so difficult to change belt that you avoid it like the plague . this Makita be just the opposite , quiet and belt change be as easy as pie . I just wish I buy this a long time ago !
84	Bag	POS	4	lowepro do it again . be a former photo-journalist for the magazine `` Ebony , '' I always have to be on the run with my camera , and have to be ready . Lowepro have always be a reliable , affordable , attractive producer of bag , and the Nova Mini be no exception . if you only have a small camera with little film , get it ! I be tell you , especially when you do not want to be lug around a camera bag the size of a suitcase -lrb- trust I , take a plane and argue with the flight attendant if you bag be too big or not to have to put into storage be a hassle and a half ! -rrb- . Lowepro ... a name you can trust !
712	Bag	POS	4	can not complain ... could use a divider or something on the inside ... most item just get jumble up ... have say that , the large space do accomodate larger item like 18v cordless drill , hammer , etc. . .
464	Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag to carry my Cannon Powershot A70 digital camera . I want a bag that would fit the camera , along with some accessory . I fit the camera snuggly to one side with help from the moveable divider , and the connection cable in the other side . there be lot of extra room for battery and memory card too . I be origionally look for something smaller , but everything would not fit in smaller bag . this turn out to be the perfect solution for I . Enough room for my stuff , with out be too large ! highly recomended !
610	Bag	NEG	2	the picture look good but the performance be disapoint !! it do catch some saw dust but the rest end up on floor and in you face !! with the bag on , the back pressure from the bag over the exhaust force the dust around the blade guard and up !! through the table plate and into you face !!! wear eye protection ! better off invest the money in a vacuum system or a hose connector for my jet-dust system ? -lrb- jim casey - carpentry , mashpee ma . -rrb-
397	Bag	NEG	2	bear in mind that I really just want a basic point-and-shoot camera , I have to say that I do not think this camera deliver all that it be suppose to . I run some test roll of 400 -lrb- manufacturer-recommended speed -rrb- and be not happy with the result -- blurry background when I be not use focus lock on the foreground , and washed-out color -lrb- which might be the film , but might be the camera -rrb- . also , I wish I have listen a little more to the reviewer who mention how the move red focus box in the viewfinder `` freak '' he wife out . I be also bother by the move focus box , could not figure out what they be tell I , and just want to take a good picture . the final blow : my mom 's 20-year-old Canon Sure Shot take great picture , better than this Minolta and she really just pick up the camera and press the button -- not even worry about the occasional use of fill-in flash . if you be look for a slight upgrade from you regular point and shoot , this camera may be for you -lrb- shoot some test roll , and maybe look at one in a store somewhere first before order from Amazon -rrb- , but it be not the best fit for I . I be give it 2 star because some of the problem I have might be due to user error .
878	Bag	NEG	1	this item be identical to the Bucket Boss Brand 06009 Jumper Cable and Extension cord bag which be $ 5 cheaper at $ 14.99 . I buy both because I want a bigger and smaller bag and assume that this item be , indeed , bigger but it be not . this item be marked `` big '' where the other be not and be $ 5 more than item # 06009 so I be surprise when they arrive and be identical -lrb- not similar but exactly the same -rrb- . after a couple of complain email I be give a refund of $ 5 for each of the 2 of this item I buy . in short , save $ 5 , get the Bucket Boss Brand 06009 Jumper Cable and Extension cord bag instead !
466	Bag	POS	5	this item do just what it say it will . it will hold a large heavy-duty set of jumper cable and quite a few tool . I would reccomend it .
572	Bag	NEG	1	I have own this sander for a few month . buy it for remodel work I be do to my house but I also have a little work shop where I make box and some furniture . this sander have pretty well take up residence in one of my wood vise . I use it alot in my shop . the belt stay on track and variable speed be really nice . I have a large 6x24 belt sander but it really do not get any attention anymore . I would recommend one of these in place of a stationary sander as it be so versatile .
637	Bag	POS	5	another good quality product from Bucket Boss . these bag be make from heavy material with good quality zipper . I be able to easily fit a set of 12 foot long heavy duty jumper cable , several clean shop towel and a small bottle of waterless hand cleaner in the bag . the pocket on the outside of the bag be pretty small . after evaluate the quality , I plan to get another one for my wife 's car .
438	Bag	NEG	2	it amaze I that people be give this tool more than a one or two star rating . it can not be use for over 2 hour without begining to fail . it show that most user be either not use the tool long enough before give a review , or the normal project people use the tool for be very short duration . this sander be size and shape perfectly for easy handling and general all position use . when the sander be new I use it to sand a maple butcher block top . after a hour or so the sander be spit black graphite piece all over the white wood top stain the surface . the sander be hop around like the wheel be square ! I remove the belt to inspect the sander . the friction pad be disintegrate . the wheel be clump with fragment from the die pad . I have to finish the job with my old $ 49.00 Skil which be very light duty , but finish the job . I send the sander in to be repair under warranty . I get some resistance from the repair people , but they do put a new pad on , and replace a wheel . I have since use the sander for very light use type job of short duration . last week I have another job which require continuous use for 3 hour sand a fiberglass body panel flat . I use no down pressure only gravity to weight the sander . it last 2 hour before spit out carbon flake again . the wheel be cake with graphite lump again and the lead 25 % of the pad be wear down again . this pad design be lack for any project require continuous use over a hour or so . it look like I may need a heavier duty tool to use for any surface type job . this one be only good for sand edge or small lump off of surface . the cost be too high for such a light duty tool . I hope they abandon the carbon pad for future offering . the plastic back bone inside the dust bag fail on my sander also . it have small ear that attach to the inlet socket . the ear be very small diameter and lack robustness . I hope Bosch can refine this sander , as it be a good handling tool and would fit the need of many a craftsman .
557	Bag	NEG	1	I be surprise that some people give the dust bag a high rating . base on the sawdust that I sweep up around the saw and the sawdust collect in the bag , I would roughly estimate the bag collect less than 20 % of the sawdust create . I be expect at least 60 % . it be possible that other get different result depend on the wood that they be cut and the blade that they be use . at least , I be use my saw outside on my driveway . hopefully , I will get better result use my Festool shop vacuum . I purchase the bag from Amazon . can . great service . I be please at how quickly they fill the order . I be not so pleased how the book on plumbing that be ship in the same order get crease .
407	Bag	NEG	2	this only hold the camera + lens and a few roll of film . no room for a extra lens , no room for a flash , no room for a extra body . get something else .
956	Bag	POS	5	for sort out screw -lrb- different size -rrb- , nail , wire nut , bit , bolt , rivet or anything you have lay around the house loose . I have 3 of these and they be perfect for what they do . though kind of heavy when full , they have the strap in the middle which make they easier to carry and a loose string to pull to tighten they up when there not that full . for the Handyman , they be excellent to have . you can store just about anything in they . you will appreciate the bucket boss !
9	Bag	POS	5	all my friend could say be `` be do you get that Amazon.com bag ? '' . it be very durable and a great gift idea . what else will Amazon.com sell ? thanks Amazon.com .
279	Bag	POS	5	great bag for my Sony dsc-s85 , fit perfectly . anyone with camera of like size could use this model Lowepro . Quality of Lowepro be great , fitment with camera be superb , it be light and protect . Lowepro be the best bag for the money , you be hear it from a `` very '' satisfied customer .
283	Bag	NEG	1	sorry , first this bag be not as large as it look , rather small in fact . in fact it do not look like the picture post at all . it do come in a Bosh package but I can not immagine Bosch would put out this product . the sawdust get clog in the neck of the bag and the dust start blow back from the blade . I know it be difficult to collect sawdust from a table saw but this just be not the solution . it can be a pain in the neck but just keep you shop vac attach .
641	Bag	NEG	2	do not work . most power tool dust bag do not work that well . best case be that they may capture 70 % of the saw dust . this be not even close . I have a pile of saw dust all over the floor and saw and almost none in the bag . you would be better off just put a sock or stock on the exhaust .
883	Bag	POS	5	this Tamrac bag be big , heavy , and hold a incredible amount of gear . I use it to carry a Olympus e600 and a Panasonic Lumix g2 with 12 extra lens . -lrb- for both the e600 and the g2 - use Fotodiox adapter on om lens to the M4\/3 Lumix mount -rrb- lens range from om 200mm down to 28mm , and I still have space to spare . as you can see , it also have compartment for flash card , extra battery , manual , and battery charger with they cable . I have not find a place to toss in the kitchen sink , but everything else fit without have to crunch it all together . the design of the bag , with the ability to customize the divider , make it easy to get to what I need very quickly . fully load , it be heavy , heck , even empty it be heavy . seem the tamrac people follow the old farmer 's say `` when in doubt , make it stout . '' I do not think the Tamrac folk have any doubt about the design of the bag , but it be very well build , and strong . since I have buy the bag , I have do some travel with it , and I have no concern about the safety of the equipment inside it - it will arrive at the destination safe and sound , and this be worth it be weight in gold . another reviewer mention use a water repellent spray on the outside of the bag , this be very good advice . I travel to tropical rain forest , and they be call ` rain ' forest for a good reason . my bag have get rain on , -lrb- like tropical deluge type rain ... -rrb- and with the spray everything remain dry and in good condition . I use Kiwi Camp Dry ,  Kiwi Camp Dry , Heavy Duty Water Repellent , 12oz  again , this be a BIG , well-build camera bag . -lrb- though you can use it for other thing if you want -rrb- I have a tenba  tenba 632-301 shootout small backpack -lrb- olive\/black -rrb-  however , it do not hold all the gear that the Tamrac can .
53	Bag	POS	5	I buy the large for home and the small to keep in the car . both great bag .
901	Bag	NEG	1	my bosch 1274dv have maybe 3-4 hour of use even though I have have it for 6-8 year . just not much into woodwork but when you need it you need it . I think a internal gear must have go out . no repair place except 110 mile away . not much use in put money into repair and have it do it again . very disappoint in the product .
215	Bag	POS	5	I buy this to store tool and jumper cable in the back of the car . great size , fit everything I need in there . sturdy .
339	Bag	POS	5	I now have two Bucket Boss , Jr. bag and I find they to be the perfect size and rugged . the bigger these satchel be , the more I try to stuff into they , which end up with too heavy a bag and too much stuff dump in it . I like have smaller , label carryall so I can stay organize , even when I be work quickly .
797	Bag	POS	5	I buy this bag specifically to enter my first pro game stadium at Qwest Field in Seattle because of they bag size restriction . it hold everything and more . it hold my Sony alpha 300 with stock lens , telephoto lens , Sony Cybershot , waterproof case for Cybershot , wide angle , extra battery , filter , memory card and my hd camcorder which I leave at the hotel since the stadium do not allow video recording . oh yeah and a microfiber hand towel . I also take it out in Portland during a steady drizzle of rain and my equipment be not even touch . I think the bag do come with a rain cover but it do not - no biggie as I do not intend to carry it out in the rain anyways . it do get a tad heavy if you load it up and I wish it be juuust a bit contoured so when you have it on you hip it do not sit so awkwardly but overall it be a great bag if you intention be to carry all you gear .
737	Bag	NEG	2	Ok , I admit I should have pay a little closer attention , but beware . there be no jumper cable with this . this be merely a overprice bag . I suppose if you really like to keep you jumper cable in a heavy duty bag , maybe this be for you , but if that be the case , you may be use you jumper cable too much . let 's be honest , you hope be to never use these thing and if you do , you dont need they store in some expensive bag collect dust .  oh by the way , this item CAN NOT be returned . so pay attention here and hopefully you be smarter than I be .
559	Bag	NEG	1	the box come with the security seal open , a bad sign . I look like the item have be return . the problem be the sand belt just fly off and the tension adjuster do not work at all .
366	Bag	NEG	2	not sure why this product state a gatemouth or ridgid bottom ; the product I receive have none of these feature . the picture be accurate of what I receive ; however , the description , and the majority of the review here be describe a previous\/alternative version of this bag . a simple web search will reveal a photo of the actual `` gatemouth '' product -lrb- with a hinged top -rrb- , but i can not seem to find any vender on line offering that version of the bag . this be still decent bag , but probably not worth the $ 30 price tag . I 'll most likely rma this product . Bummed ...
71	Bag	NEG	2	I take a lot of photography trip on weekend . one thing I like to do be to leave my 70-200mm or 100-400mm lens attach to the camera , on top of the photo bag in the passenger seat of the truck while I drive in rural area . if I see something of interest , I stop the truck grab the camera , get out and take some image . that be what attract I to this product . the issue with this bag be that if you have a lens with a lens hood , the lens will not fit in the compartment of the bag , and still be functional as be advertise -lrb- and as I describe above -rrb- . I have a 24-70 with lens hood , a 16-35 with lens hood , a 70-200 with lens hood , a 100-400 with lens hood , a 100mm macro with lens hood , etc. . these lens do not fit in the bag , with the hood invert , if you want to carry you camera across the top as picture . I try to make it work , and end up return the bag .
278	Bag	NEG	2	I be look for a bag that would be big enough to carry my Nikon d300 , 18-200 , 70-300 , 28-70 and 17-35 lens . not to mention assorted filter , battery , flash card , etc. . I think , after do quite a bit of research , that this bag would suffice . and I suppose it might , if you carefully tuck everything away in the bag and never actually try to get at anything . sure , the bag will hold a bunch of ` skinny ' lens -lrb- problem stuff in my 17-35 -rrb- , but those lens be bury under layer of padding velcroe in such a way that make all but the expose camera and attach lens readily accessible . for example , the camera and attach lens have to sit on the ` second tier ' of padding in order to use the ` lens gate ' . under the body , totally hide , might be another lens . another problem with the body and lens sit high up , be that the bag 's center of gravity be higher up and more prone to dump out you gear . and speaking of velcro , try to rearrange the pad be sort of like herd cat . another problem be the storage space - there simply be not enough zippered compartment to hold loose item . the front compartment be less of a pouch and more of a sleeve . the side pocket only velcro shut , good luck if it rain . and inside the top lid ? Great for store piece of paper , that be about it . the bag come down to personal preference . I misfire by choose this one .
670	Bag	NEG	1	I have hardly use this little puppy . I nick the belt very slightly sand a piece of aluminum , replace the belt and it will not track properly or adjust now . I 'll update this when I have call Bosch , but I have have other problem recently with a 1375a grinder , and Bosch be not very helpful . overall this should be a great sander accord to design and spec , but it seem so delicate as to be entirely unsuitable for anything other than a ornament . for now , I be not buy another Bosch tool and I be create lot of colorful language when I think about the company . Make sure you read the poor review about Bosch before you commit you hard earn dollar to this company , I do not think they be a very honest company with much integrity at this point .
