index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
417	CableModem	NEG	2	I have purchase two of these unit , both die within a year . I do install they in a attic space so not sure if the temperature extreme be what kill they . either way you would think they would be more durable .
198	CableModem	POS	5	should have try unhook the old amp first because it be not work very good , then the lightning make it work not all all . after install the unit , all the station , and more , come in much better . need the splitter becasue I be too lazy to want to go down in the basement and change the cable . note a `` 10 '' gain on the converter box signal after hook it up .
537	CableModem	POS	5	the install be easy . plug it in and call Comcast . they ask for the model # and MAC ID # . Comcast confirm that the sb6121 be a good choice . both number be easy to find , albeit print in very small print - have a magnifying glass ready . Motorola have a sticker on the side of the modem with the MAC ID , and several sticker in the box with the same info - to place on the computer around you home , I guess - in case you ever have to call you internet provider . I spend about 15 minute on hold with Comcast to get to a real person . they tech rep be very pleasant and helpful . she walk I through the step . basically , all I have to do be turn off my router . my computer , a 2011 Apple iMac , be plug into a wireless router , that be in turn plug into the new modem . Comcast find my modem and activate it . I do not even have to unplug from the router and connect directly modem to computer . once I get to a person at Comcast , it take about 10 minute . they tell I be to drop off the old modem so the rental could be take off my bill . speed test prior to swap modem average 10 to 15 mbp for download . after install the sb 6121 , download speed improve to 35 mbp . upload now come in at about 5.5 mbp . some user mention the sb6121 modem get warm . after a hour or so of download video , I find it be only warm to the touch - not hot . should have do this a long time ago . even if this new router fail some day , I now know it be no big deal to replace it .
677	CableModem	POS	5	product come in the original packaging and work like a charm out of the box . no issue at all to date -lrb- only be about a month -rrb- . I no longer have to pay the ridiculous Comcast fee and have better performance to boot . very satisfied .
318	CableModem	NEG	2	I have purchase this modem to replace a lease modem from Comcast . I be on the phone with Comcast for less than 20 minute and everything be up and operational . after successfully get this modem up and run for about a day or so , the modem some how be power down by itself and it never come back online again . no led or power on the box . I have the modem return to Amazon for full refund and decide to give SBG6580 DOCIS 3.0 \/ WIFI\/Router a shot . I be not disappoint at all , because I still have the dsl as a backup connection until the new replacement modem arrive . 1 , attach the coaxial cable to the modem , 2 , power it on 3 , attach the one end of the LAN cable directly to you computer and the other to the modem . 4 , if you get the 192.168.1 . x address and no default gateway set , then it be time to put a call into Comcast . 5 , before call Comcast , take down the HFC MAC address from you modem . 6 , all the light should turn green once Comcast have activate it successfully . 7 , if you be still get the 192.168.1 . x address from the modem via DHCP . here be the fun part , which Comcast technician do occasionally ask they customer to do in order to resolve the issue be by reboot they pc . I do not see there be a need for reboot you pc , just detach the LAN cable from you pc or from the modem end and re-attaching it again . you should see the 76 . x.x. x -lrb- comcast public , could be different for other carrier -rrb- address obtain on you pc . this have indicate the modem be now in bridge mode and be fully functional . 8 , open up a terminal window and try to ping -lrb- ... -rrb- or 8.8.8.8 . if you see the ping response , then you be good to go . if you be not computer wiz , then just bring up you internet explorer or browser to test you connectivity . 9 , speedtest you connection too by go to -lrb- ... -rrb- before let Comcast tech get off the line . 10 , now you can disconnect the LAN cable from you pc and have it plug into you home router\/wireless WAN port . good luck everyone and hope I will get better luck with sbg6580 .
703	CableModem	NEG	1	listen to the other one star review ! I think , `` sure , a few people get a bad unit that continually reset itself , but surely , Motorola have fix the issue by now . there be so many good review , I 'll buy it ! '' wrong ! heap of junk continually reset . my cable installation be brand new , include the main box in the back yard . Moto be worthless .
959	CableModem	NEG	1	I do not know what to think . accord to all these great review , this router be suppose to walk on water . well , my connection suck ! you would think I have dial-up internet vs cable wireless . at certain point throughout the day , my connection be great . however 80-90 % of the day its very slow . I have a MAC MacBook pro . I can not have too many window open simultaneously . its only when I close window that my connection speed up . its awful . I be go to put this thing on eBay to recoup some of my $ 100 , and try another router before I totally give up on Comcast .
896	CableModem	POS	5	if you want the best , you have to be willing to pay for quality . between buy this and change provider my speed , reliability and gaming have greatly improve .
594	CableModem	NEG	2	I buy this modem after extensive research and the great product review . it be a `` 3 star '' rate approved modem for comcast\/xfinity . the self setup be dead simple - connect the cable input to the modem , power up and let it sync with the signal . then I directly connect the modem to my laptop and `` fire up '' the browser which take I to the activation page for Comcast . inpute the information request -lrb- account no. , mac id , phone number -rrb- and activate the modem . in less than 30 minute I be online with blaze speed . I than connect my router to the modem and the network be up and run . I be amaze and really pleased with myself , Comcast and Motorola . the modem perform great for a few hour , than the problem start . I lose connection and signal sync . ok - decide to do a hard restart : I disconnect the modem , disconnect the power and the cable . do a hard restart , reconnect the cable and ethernet and be back online - for about one hour . I lose connection again . call Comcast - good tech support who check thing at he end and instruct I to do another hard restart . I be back online for the rest of the evening . however , when I get up in the morning I be again offline . at that point I check the Comcast Broadband forum for some answer . this be a known issue with many user of the sb6121 and be trace to the quality of the signal from the isp . if the signal be less than ideal -lrb- snr , Power Level -rrb- any noise will kick you offline and the modem will not self recover . you will have to do a hard restart each time to get back online . when online , you 'll get great internet speed . but you 'll suffer from frequent disconnect and the need to reboot the modem . aside from the inconvenience , the need for frequent hard reboot can not be good for the durability of the modem . so unless you have good signal quality from the isp I would recommend you buy another modem . in my case -lrb- after research the user Forum -rrb- , I switch to a zoom 5341j . so far after 2 day - no problem . by the way , after look at the certification rating on the Xfinity\/Comcast Approved Modems list more closely , I learn the `` star '' be not a measure of quality or performance of the modem . the star be a measure of the level of test the modem have go through during certification . each star be another level of testing . in summary - the Motorola sb6121 be a good modem but maybe too sensitive the signal quality for some user .
649	CableModem	NEG	1	this modem be not compactable with Comcast . it be not on they approve modem list and can not be activate . would have be nice if this be mention in the product description or tech spec .
334	CableModem	NEG	1	this modem be not good for comcast user . since I switch it this modem , I have so many problem with slow internet speed , and drop connection everyday . do not buy this if you be comcast user !!
497	CableModem	POS	5	I buy this modem to replace the Ambit cable modem that I be rent from the cable company -lrb- broadstripe -rrb- . not only will this modem save I money but it seem to have increase my download speed during peak hour from 1mbp to 5mbp . overall great product !
342	CableModem	POS	5	I buy this for my cable modem and I notice a speed increase . the cable guy come by to replace my cable modem and even he notice a significant speed increase with he bandwidth measure device . this will save you lot of time when streaming and download thing off the internet , however , you might be spend more time on the internet since everything will be that much faster .
152	CableModem	POS	5	be have problem with people download movie on torrent web site , the company that provide internet service be crack down on illegal movie download . I receive notice from my company say that a movie have be download illegally , and i do want to take a chance of it happen again since no-one want to own up to do it . i get this with a netgear router and now i have those site block so they can not down load from they site . I find out they will be do that for music also and more company be go to start watch for this type of activity . Netgear give u more control that any of the other i have find and easy to set up , upon connact my cable carrier it be easy for they the activate . have be run great with no problem and no drop of signal .
674	CableModem	POS	5	the fastest modem I have ever own . I can really get top speed . I can now upgrade my speed with Comcast . if you want the best at this time get this modem .
325	CableModem	NEG	1	the first one I be with Comcast for two hour try to put the modem on line but the modem be keep reset it self every 20-50 seconds . Exchange the modem and the second one be do the same thing but with 1-5 minute . will look for something else ... .
53	CableModem	POS	4	Motorola SB6121 provide high-speed internet connection through Comcast service . the price be a little high but it be worth replace the rental modem from Comcast . also , WiFi router need to be reset and reconfigure after connect this modem and Vonage router would not connect directly to one of its port .
436	CableModem	POS	5	the zoom5350 be a excellent product and be easy to set up . the only adjustment I have to make be at the zoom website in the configuration manager -lrb- I simply unchecked one of the box as be suggest -rrb- . this change improve both download & upload speed . I replace a older DOCSIS 2.0 modem that work fine , but have slower download speed in the 5-8 mbp range . this zoom be DOCSIS 3.0 which allow I to receive the full 30 mbp that my cable provider supplies . I be a average computer user that prefer to web browse without wait .
398	CableModem	NEG	2	I be sure the Motorola surfboard  sb6121 DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem be a very capable modem consider it be a Motorola product ; however , I have to put 2 star to get people attention . the Motorola surfboard  sb6121 DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem be not yet on COMCAST 's list of support modem . I think that wait 4 month since the release of this product would give COMCAST time to obtain the software require to add the sb6121 to they network . well , I be wrong . it be a shame to give this product 2 star when I never even get the chance run it through its pace . I would rather give COMCAST 2 star for be lazy . the COMCAST tech that come to setup my modem say that the COMCAST system identify my modem ; however , that be about it . he connect a different modem to show I that modem on the list will work . he say that he have a  Motorola SB6120 SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 eXtreme Broadband Cable Modem  so unfortunately , I have to return the sb6121 and I order the sb6120 . I be not slam Amazon or this product . I just want to make COMCAST customer or future COMCAST customer aware that the sb6121 will not work on the COMCAST network YET .
467	CableModem	POS	5	I use to have a horrid DOCSIS 1.0 Linksys modem and a old B\/G Apple Airport Express . the two appear to be compete , try to see who could stop work more often . this thing use less power and offer more speed and reliability than I need , do the job of both device -lrb- I get about 55mbp now , up from just 15-20mbps -rrb- . great buy , only regret be that I can not thank the guy who sell it to I through Amazon . to that awesome individual : no , thank you ! : -rrb-
454	CableModem	POS	4	have use this product for a few month now . pro : setup be a breeze , just follow the instruction leaflet . Initializes fast when you turn it on -lrb- compare to my previous Terayon 715 modem -rrb- small form factor - do not take up too much desk space . interface to my Belkin wireless with no issue . con : seem to lose the broadband connection a bit more often than my old modem . my old Terayon lose the link once in a month or so run 24\/7 . this one do it every two-three week or so . not a big deal , just need to turn it off and on again . but I be curious as to why it happen more often than my old modem . overall a good product for the money . I would definitely recommend .
710	CableModem	NEG	2	although this device be list by Comcast and Linksys as a approve modem , it do not work with Comcast . Tech that come to fix my issue inform I that everyone of these he encounter never work .
792	CableModem	POS	5	we have Comcast Xfinity and get this cable modem to replace a older one that we be rent from Comcast . we cable service be throttle by the older one and buy we own will have a payback versus the rental in less than 12 month . I should have pay attention to the itemize billing earlier and figure out how much we be spend to rent what we should have buy : - -lrb- this have be hook up since 10\/13\/11 and there have not be a hiccup since . between this and a Asus dual band wireless router we have two desktop on the network , a netbook and a Roku box . no problem with any of it even when streaming video on the televeision and youtube on the netwook .
881	CableModem	POS	5	I order this to replace my Comcast xfinity modem that I have be rent every month . when it arrive I simply contact Comcast and provide the number on the modem to have they connect it to the internet . this save I $ 8 a month now and pay for itself . the internet also seem it I be quicker and I rarely have to reset the modem , unlike the Comcast one . I have have this modem for a few month now .
996	CableModem	POS	5	to decide which DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem to use , 1st go to DOCSIS Devices MyDeviceInfo on Comcast to see what they support and possibly recommend by certification . for my money , only 2 option :  Motorola SB6120 SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 eXtreme Broadband Cable Modem  choose the later , newer model . more widely use sb6120 be test only to level 2 . Comcast claim to have test sb 6121 to more stringent level 3 certification . Hope to future proof with use this newer model . have not notice , as other , heat to be a problem . Install & SetUp be easy . help reading comment from user -lrb- Comcast employee -rrb- with sb6120 . do not try Comcast self activation web page since this be a modem change and not a new install . plug sb6121 into WAN Cable with nothing else attach . then call Comcast Tech support . change from Linksys BEFCMU10 v4 DOCSIS 2.0 to Motorola SB6121 DOCSIS 3.0 . Comcast see Device , send refresh signal . Voila ! then connected pc direct to Cable Modem . finish with Comcast Tech support . take maybe 20 minute on phone to verify all be work . final hookup with router , in the mix , and clone pc MAC Address into Router . do processing ! accord to sb6121 log , sw download successful - Via Config file , SW Download INIT - Via Config file . MAC Address Identified . light , Camera Action . Houston , we have connection ! be it faster than what we have ? no. . why Upgrade ? concerned about end of Life Devices for what we have .  cisco-linksy befcmu10 Ethernet Cable Modem  prior version do . piece of mind to stay one step ahead of obsolescent technology . why buy vs. rent ? not fond of rent . will pay for its self in less than a year . try RoadRunner Cable Modem then later try Comcast Cable Modem neither of which would connect reliably . both have weak signal require a service call mean down time . purchase Cable modem would always work . have own 2 linksy befcmu10 v4 DOCSIS 2.0 Cable modem . purchase for $ 20.00 each -lrb- elsewhere -rrb- when they be sell for $ 80.00 each , so have a backup . First Linksys befcmu10 v4 buy the farm during a lighten strike . yes , even on a UPS . the lighten strike take out the Cable Modem and a D-Link 8 Port Gigabit switch . two router , in line for security , in between be untouched . now that I think of it , 1 router lose 1 Port leave 3 more port to use . unfortunate but still a usable device . second linksy befcmu10 v4 have work until now . have sit on shelf for backup \/ book end . happy with decision to go sb6121 Gigabit Cable Modem to  D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Gigabit Wireless Router  and if we ever upgrade we Comcast to 100baset or Comcast upgrade to ipv6 , wow . I can dream !
581	CableModem	POS	5	I buy the Cisco-Linksys cm100 cable modem to save rent it from Comcast . should have do this year ago . I must have spend enought on rent to buy 3 of they , but Comcast would not just let I have it . it arrive in a few day , be easy to setup -lrb- although you have to call you cable provider and they do something on they end -rrb- and my cable bill go down $ 5 a month .
359	CableModem	POS	5	buy this to replace my rent modem from comcast . all I do be plug it all in but then have to call comcast to make the change . it be pretty easy and it only take I about 30 min to get everything do .
738	CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this modem back in May , 2012 and for the first couple of month it work great . in the last couple of week it now frequently lose connection or be very slow . it make my cable internet -lrb- with Comcast -rrb- slower than surf with my phone and be very frustrating .
438	CableModem	POS	5	I order this so I do not have to rent a modem from Comcast . I have have it run for a few week at this point , and it be be work very well with no hiccup at all . at first I have some trouble set the modem up , but then I discover that Comcast 's activation portal be not properly load on my 4-year old MacBook , but it work quickly and painlessly as soon as I plug it into my 4-month old Windows machine . since I activate it , everything have run smoothly .
453	CableModem	NEG	1	stop work after a couple day of heavy usage ... begin to get really slow after a few minute of usage . we regularly have multiple hd video stream go since we cancel the cable . : -rrb- at the very least , there be almost always something access the internet here . -lrb- it could have be we isp mess with we , since we stop rent they modem , but that be just speculation ... -rrb-
968	CableModem	POS	5	this product work for we as describe . be doci 3.0 , speedtest.net report 25mbps\/7mbps - much faster than before . communication be good after place the order and the shipping be prompt . I would recommend the product and the vendor to anyone .
632	CableModem	POS	5	Hi folk , just get the Zoom cable modem this afternoon , and what I can tell you be this , the unit be up and run with in 15 min , how well will it work the jury be still out . this also be the BEST service on delivery to-date with Amazon . I get the unit in two business day very cool bean . I will keep you all advise on the workings of the unit soonest .
173	CableModem	POS	5	I have be use the 6121 modem with Comcast 's Xfinity internet service over the course of several month and so far everything have work perfectly with no problem . datum speed be typically 20-25 mb\/s download and 3.5-4 mb\/s upload . I buy this unit because I have read account of reset problem and other glitch experience by user of earlier Surfboard modem model , and thus far , it have meet my expectation for problem-free use . I feel the need to comment on the unit 's warmth , since other user have criticize this unit as become excessively warm during operation . maybe those user receive faulty unit , but my experience do not square with theirs ; I have put my hand on the unit multiple time to feel its warmth -- in my opinion , this unit do not become any warmer during use than any other electronic network device , include wireless router and voip adapter . I have use earlier surfboard modem -- the great 4200 and 5120 -- and I can honestly say that this unit do not get any warmer than those earlier model . it be slightly warm to the touch , but not overly `` hot '' at all , and I feel this be totally normal for this type of device . so , I be not concern with this aspect of the unit . once the modem be up and run , you can type 192.168.100.1 \/ index . htm into you web browser in order to reach the status page for the modem and view useful network statistics .
802	CableModem	NEG	1	when i go to set it up with comcast i do everything right but comcast could not get the mac address to work . on this unit . I have a feeling this unit be in a plane box for other reason than save the planet .
514	CableModem	POS	5	Works like it be suppose to . I like the design compare to the older model . Speedtest be show the corresponding result to what I be sign up for with Comcast . there be a review here that state you need to give you customer id print on the box label instead of the MAC address to Comcast in order to get this add and work . I be not sure how accurate that be . I have a issue get the modem online in my new apartment but that be because of a cable wiring issue , not because MAC Address\/Customer ID number . I have mention this to two different Comcast tech and both tell I that the customer id have nothing to do with it -lrb- before get a tech out to my home and confirm it be a wiring issue -rrb- . I be up and run now and it be be run great . I buy this because I hate give more money away to Comcast or any provider for that matter . Leasing fee on equipment for both internet provider or digital tv be ridiculous when they be already make money off you service .
346	CableModem	POS	4	this replace my Comcast router with no issue . it be not difficult to set up . acticate online folow the process discribe in the first review . Easy seal , this thing be fast !!!
119	CableModem	NEG	2	buy it for my mom last fall because my brother -lrb- the electronics geek -rrb- say dont get two separate unit ... so I take back the two separate unit that work well , and get this nightmare . as soon as we hook it up it begin reject any and all other device . spend over three week off and on -lrb- approx 25 hr -rrb- with tech support , finally accept internet through cable tv . it be still reject the brand new printer\/fax machine that be also suppose to be compatible . I wish I just leave well enough alone . the space she save be not worth the hassle , and it cost I $ 10 more than the other unit .
129	CableModem	NEG	1	I be in San Francisco Bay Area , use Comcast cable modem . after install this device , my internet connection stop work . it seem downstream be okay , but the upstream signal have problem . after remove the device , my connection work just like before . I be hope this device can get I a better upstream power level since mine be at the boderline , but no luck for I . on the side , watch out for the 75 ohm terminator seller offer . for my case , I be not pay attention , just click what seller recommend and trust the prime label . I end up pay $ 9 shipping for a $ 3 part . Amazon say it be my fault , and yes it be . but how can Amazon allow seller to put trap to trick Amazon 's customer . who be fault be it really ??
138	CableModem	POS	5	plug it in to the local cable company line - suprise - it be still connect from the previouse home owner after sign up with the cable co they come out - even tho I say I didnt need they - and say test they run show it be do a good job ... too bad I sign up so soon hahaha have basic cable tv for a while - this check out cancel it - wouldnt sign up with they anyway - basic level have nothing leave in it these day worth watch cept the news .
155	CableModem	NEG	1	do not buy this modem because it do not last more than 1 month !!! first i see it be not bad . . but after all the light be not flash . . it become the worst thing to buy . the price be not very cheep . `` Touchstone Cable Modem WBM760A '' be better if you use comcast !
95	CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this because Charter recommend upgrade to a docsis 3.0 modem for better performance and this seem to be the best -lrb- costliest -rrb- available . disappointment ! installation be not smooth . on replace the modem , Charter could not restart the modem remotely , so I have to do it manually . that itself do not seem right . I see a slight speed improvement compare to my 5-year old modem , though nothing to justify the 95 buck I have shell out for this . after a week or so , it just disconnect and I could not get it to re-connect . Charter detect some bad signal come from the modem . I go back to my Ubee old modem which work fine . after a day later , hope that it be just a temporary glitch , I install the sb6121 again and it work fine for another week after which it again just disconnect . it be as if it need a day off every few day !! I can not afford to give pay vacation to modem , so I ditch it and return it to Amazon .
363	CableModem	POS	4	Comcast be charge $ 7 per month for modem rent . so I buy this one and it be give I more than 20mbps speed where my plan be actually 15mbp . with my old modem I use to get less than 15mbps speed . good one . but only draw back I see be it be hang in atleast once in every couple of week . I have to reboot it again to get it work .
126	CableModem	POS	5	the new Motorola 3.0 Cable Modem be a great deal ! the price be right for this modem . it be 3.0 speed and environmentally safe box make it a hit .
543	CableModem	NEG	1	this amp do not work with the latest cable modem such as Motorola sb 6120 . the amplifier definitely boost the tv signal as I can verify that signal-to-noise ratio increase from around 32 db to 40 db . however , the amp seem to either block full bi-directional communication or filter out require frequency for the cable modem to make online connection to isp -lrb- in my case Comcast -rrb- . furthermore , the vendor 's -lrb- cabletvamps.com -rrb- 's support be a joke . when I ask why it be not work with my cable modem , the reply be a copy\/paste of some unrelated topic about the amp not support satellite tv and I should return the product . Main reason I purchase the booster be to split to both cable modem and tv without drop signal strength to the cable modem , but that be not possible with this junk . I be back to use a simple -3.5 db splitter that support upto 1,000 MHz Update ! - the CableTVAmps support finally reply : quote : `` the Motorola s2 be a passive return unit - these be not design to be use with Cable Modems as they will not support the signal . you will need a active return amplifier -lrb- the Motorola k4 be a 4-port unit -rrb- which will support a Cable Modem and any interactive service -lrb- OnDemand , etc. -rrb- that the Cable Company offer ''
841	CableModem	POS	5	unknown to I , my comcast-issue atlanta-scientific modem -lrb- for the use of which I be pay Comcast every month -rrb- be apparently the source of the ridiculously slow and painfully inconsistent connection speed we have be get . one speed test would come in at 10mbp , and the next at 600kbp . usually it would come in at 1.2 to 2.5 mbp - a mere fraction of the bandwidth for which we be pay . after a little online research , I decide to just try buy my own modem - it certainly be not go to make the problem any worse . the worst part of the entire process be just be on hold with Comcast for 15 minute . once they get to I in the phone queue , it take about 5 minute to get the new modem up and run . but whoa ! what a difference it make ! the day before installation , we get we typically inconsistent speedtest with a mean of about 2 mbp . as soon as the new modem be up and run , we test at 21 mbp , and there have be no fluctuation since . every speed test report 21mbp . wow ! what a improvement ! Skype video have go from frustratingly slow and pixilated with lousy audio , to crystal clear and clean . file download in a flash . and the connection speed seem to be very stable . if you old modem be let you down , do not hesitate to buy one of these . no ill can come of it .
22	CableModem	POS	5	this modem will work on Charter Internet . I buy this product to replace my old Linksys befcmu10 v2 modem since that thing be still run on DOCSIS 1.0 . I just want to make sure that it be not the DOCSIS that be cause the modem to crap out once in the a while . the modem would keep restart after the isp do a firmware update . just a note this do not mean it will import the transfer rate also I be not use Gigabit feature from the wan connection .
108	CableModem	POS	5	I be replace a older Cisco Cable modem I have have for about 5 year . hook up the new Motorola surfboard moden and talk about better and faster speed ! at first I be blame my service provider , suddenlink , but it be the modem . I highly recommend this modem as a upgrade .
426	CableModem	NEG	1	disappoint with Motorola for this one . the modem begin fail just after the one year warranty expire . I replace it with a Cisco .
139	CableModem	NEG	1	like most here , I have purchase this modem to replace rental modem from Comcast -lrb- $ 7\/month -rrb- . like few here , when I set the modem up , it would keep resete itself in 2-4 minute . when modem be only connect to the cable , it be look good , all light be on , but as soon as I connect the computer either directly or through the router , the connection would not last long , light would turn off and connection procedure would restart , then they would stay on for few minute and whole cycle would repeat . I be unable to finish the self registration because the modem would restart itself around the same time I submit the first screen , on few occasion I get through to the 2nd or once even 3rd screen . I have try with two laptop either directly or via modem but to no awail . after read review from similarly affect people here and elsewhere on the web , even though it may well be just the one instance I get , I have decide to return the modem completely and not ask for the replacement . instead , I have order the same modem I be rent from Comcast and have no problem with : `` ubee ddm3513 Docsis 3.0 Cable Modem '' . it should arrive today so I be really curious if I make the right choice . I wish Comcast have some kind of ` lease to buy ' program or option to purchase the equipment you be rent . UPDATE : ubee dm3513 modem work like charm right out of the box , with self registration I be up and run in about 10 minute .
678	CableModem	NEG	1	it seem people who buy this modem and could not get a signal from they ISP Comcast be because of the modem itself be defective . I have Charter and mine could not get a signal from they as well . Tech on the phone be try to provision the modem but could not get a signal . I have to put back on my sb6120 modem and tech re-provision it , it work right away .
715	CableModem	POS	5	I have purchase this modem to replace a old Motorola Surfboard 5101u that give I unreliable connection . installation be easy ; all it take be a 10 minute call to Comcast and it be up and run . the speed be great ; I have the Performance package through Comcast and be able to get consistent 20-25 mbp download and 3-6 mbp upload speed . so far I have not notice any problem with this modem and have have strong reliable connection .
236	CableModem	NEG	2	I buy this modem after my Motorola Surfboard keep drop out . this one be more stable for the first few month , but after that I notice a sharp decline in my upload speed -lrb- it go from around 2mbp to .15 mbp -rrb- . after fight with my cable company for a few week and try just about everything I could think of to fix the problem , I finally decide to try switch it out with my old surfboard modem . this fix the issue . there be no doubt in my mind that this modem be the problem . I would not recommend this product and I be currently look for a new modem .
277	CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase this Motorola bda-s1 and it die a few day after I receive it . Amazon ask I to deal with the company that sell it through Amazon , CableTVAmps.com and they be impossible to get in touch with . I be not too happy with they return policy either . look like I be get screw on this one .
215	CableModem	NEG	1	just do not help at all . make the picture worse , may have be defective so I send back . just get a good splitter from the local electronics store and it help much more than the signal booster .
17	CableModem	NEG	2	I have have my modem for 2 year and it just now conk out on I for no reason -lrb- everytime I would try to upload to the internet , it would reset my connection -rrb- . I suppose I still come out ahead of pay $ 5\/mo in rent to Comcast , but I have hope this product would last longer than this . I have be optimistic about Zoom give the review , but do not plan to buy from they again .
745	CableModem	NEG	1	I have be use a Motorola sb5120 -lrb- mostly happily -rrb- for a couple of year and plan on upgrade we network start with a new DOCSIS 3.0 cable modem , the Motorola sb6121 . today I just try install my second modem from Amazon after the first give I the cycle-on , cycle-off problem some of the reviewer have mention . sadly the second one be the same , at least for I . I have to conclude either there be 1 -rrb- a batch of defective modem out there , or 2 -rrb- it really be not compatible with Comcast cable in Portland , or . there be no point in order a 3rd . Comcast do not give I any assistance - as per usual , they first suggestion be I buy the ` wrong ' modem -lrb- tho they do not exactly say that , and the website give it all high mark -rrb- , and they attitude be one where I imagine the service tech greet I with `` hello , this be Comcast , how can I help you ? let see we record indicate that you first name be `` Moron '' correct ? yes , I think so ... '' -rrb- -lrb- to be fair , he really do not say that and be rather quite pleasant , he just could not offer any meaningful help . he do even call back to check if I work out my problem -rrb- so apart from my Comcast minus rant , at this point there be no way I can do better than 1 star for the sb6121 though I wish I could . on the flip side , `` thank you Amazon '' for you awesome return policy . this one will be back home with you in a few day .
296	CableModem	POS	5	when Comcast decide to do they digital transition , one of the dta would not activate properly . the only advice Comcast offer be to `` remove any splitter . '' that be not really a option without lose cable service to most of the house . after replace the cable run to the problem dta with new cable , I be now able to activate the dta but the signal be still degrade to the point that several of the channel be unusable . internet search indicate that the problem I experience be not uncommon and suggest a amplifier . of course , Comcast will send a tech out to fix , but it be at homeowner 's expense . I be not willing to pay they to fix a problem they create . install amplifier -- quick and easy . there be a comprehensive installation sheet , but it be not really necessary since amp input and output be well mark . before installation , signal strength at the DTA input be about 15db with a s\/n ratio of about 25 . after install the amplifier , the signal level be 1.5 db and the S\/N ratio be 37 . Works great and I do not have to pay Comcast to fix the problem . my only complaint be that I have to do it in the first place . my cable service be not break before they implement they transition . after , I have lose service to two tv -lrb- unless I want to pay they extra for additional dta -rrb- , I have a rat 's nest of wire behind each of the tv where I install dta , and there be no particular improvement in service -lrb- unless you count several additional channel which be completely worthless . -rrb- but this be not about Comcast -- it be about the amplifier . five + star . solidly build , as you would expect from Motorola . if you be have problem after Comcast `` improve '' you service , I highly recommend you take a look at this solution .
658	CableModem	NEG	1	I receive this modem promptly , but when I plug it in , it be dead . no light go on . when I get in touch with the seller , I be tell I would have to send it back and pay for ship both way . I be also tell that I would have to pay a 20 % restock fee , but when I object to this outrage , I be tell that Digital Media Source `` could waive '' the restock fee . furthermore , when I call Motorola Technical support and give they the serial number , I be tell that the warranty on this modem have expire . this mean that the advertising be fraudulent , since the modem be advertise as new . I would not buy this modem if I be you , because if you do , you could end up with a modem which have no more functionality than a rock and for which you would have to pay shipping both way . the tracking number show that the seller receive my package on August 20 , but it be now September 1 and I have receive no refund at all . I do not yet know if I will ever get a refund even for the purchase price without the shipping . beware !
555	CableModem	NEG	1	I try this product twice , but it be very hard to get a stable connection to the internet , compare with comcast 's ARRIS cable modem . the first installation be do by the comcast technician and the second connection be make through phone technical support . although the second connection be successful , but when connnect to the Linksys wireless router , it lead to a fail connection .
770	CableModem	NEG	1	for the first 3 month this modem work like a charm . after that , it start have problem . I replace the splitter and the cable to the modem with no luck . I go through all the reset procedure over and over again . there be no problem with the incoming cable signal . it be strong . I contact the manufacturer this morning and they inform I that they do not help private user\/owners ... only cable company who buy they product by the thousand . then she hang up on I . with -lrb- non -rrb- customer service like that , my recommendation be to look elsewhere . too bad ... I really like it those first 3 month .
757	CableModem	POS	5	sb6121 be work fine out of the box and be easy to install and require a phone call to ISP Cox for it to link up with the system . 15 minute and bingo ...
267	CableModem	POS	5	Works as advertise . Works with comcast -lrb- which I use -rrb- and stay connected -lrb- do not drop off signal -rrb- , so I do not have to reset it to get it work again .
216	CableModem	NEG	1	I be sure this unit work , but I get a lemon , and for that reason , I be annoyed and make sure you know it . the `` receive '' signal do not work , despite call to Motorola and Comcast . they all confirm it be in fact defective . brand new , out of the box defective . thanks Motorola !
653	CableModem	POS	5	after move to a new construction townhouse in a cox Cable certify location , my old Arris DOCSIS 2.0 cable modem begin randomly drop my internet connection and progressively slow down over the course of a day . after installing\/activating this modem with cox rus , I be now see download speed of 32 + mbp -lrb- vs. ~ 20 mbp -rrb- and upload speed of 12 + mbp -lrb- vs. ~ 6 mbp -rrb- with a ` a ' line quality rating and excellent snr reading . I have the modem connect with a aftermarket cat6 ethernet cable to my dual-band Gigabit router provide both wire and WiFi access to several computer , av device , and game console throughout my home . for activation , you will need the customer s\/n and the MAC of the device . my cable modem have one sticker with this information apply to the bottom and at least six -lrb- 6 -rrb- additional professionally print sticker in the box for I to place in other location -lrb- e.g. network log book -rrb- . activation be quick-and-easy over the phone with modem identification and activation happen less than 10-minute after complete the phone call .
936	CableModem	POS	5	I receive it , plug it in and connect the cable . next I take my rental modem back to the cable company , give they the Mac address from the new modem and I be up and run . the modem I have through the cable company -lrb- Charter -rrb- be a DOCSIS 1.1 Motorola . I be far from reach the speed I be pay for with the they modem . this cm100 modem make a definite speed improvement over the Moto modem I be rent and I do not have to pay the monthly rental fee . over all it do what it be suppose to . the led for the display be not overly bright and annoying like the Motorola modem display . it can be wall mount . it look nicer in person than it do in the photo . it can be hook up with a ethernet cable or usb . I be kind of leary about buy it because of the problem I have have with multiple linksy router . there be only so many time a person can reset a device before they want to throw it across the room . I go to a trendnet wireless n router a couple of year ago and I have not have to reset it once . but anyways , ... back to the modem ! I have not have any problem with the modem at all or lose connection require reset . this modem be a DOCSIS 2.0 which should work fine for internet speed up to the lower 40 's . if you have faster service than that I would look for a DOCSIS 3.0 .
976	CableModem	NEG	1	I be a tech for a cable company and have install literally hundred of modem and I now see why we will not deal with Motorola anymore . the modem do ' t work right out of the package . it look like I will go with a Cisco or Zoom .
599	CableModem	POS	5	want to replace the modem that Comcast provide . it will take several month to break even , but in the meantime I be enjoy much faster and consistent speed with every device -lrb- ipad , iPhone , Apple TV , and a Windows 7 pc . very noticeable difference . I just have to call Comcast support and let they know I have the device .
255	CableModem	NEG	2	buy it in Nov of 2009 . I have internet problem for several month and even have Comcast out to check my signal . they say everything be ok . I notice that the modem be warm to hot to the touch . I buy a Motorola modem and now everything be fine . would not buy another Linksys .
460	CableModem	POS	5	surfboard Modem be easy to install , and be a replacement for my original COMCAST modem . it be much faster than the COMCAST original ! very happy with it .
343	CableModem	POS	4	I get this because my old modem that I own be reboot randomly and daily . that be kind of expect after 11 year of heavy use . I like the size and form factor of this modem . the light be not annoyingly bright , which be great because it be place by a tv . my first complaint be that it be difficult to get this register with Comcast -lrb- not they fault -rrb- . it take about 30 minute to register it because the modem be not recognize the signal from Comcast . it take a couple reboot to finally get it to register , but it have work perfectly since then . my other complaint be that the material that the modem be make of feel pretty cheap . I would just like to know that if it fall , it would survive . I do not think I 'll be test that though . move on , the speed be incredible ! even test it with my old internet package -lrb- 12 mbp down , slow , I know -rrb- , it would get a consistent 24 mbp . then , I upgrade my package , and switch to a bundle . now , I have 30 mbp , and I get around 35 mbp . so , I be happy with this modem . Buyer beware : save the box if you want to be able to register this with Comcast . they need the MAC address and serial number -lrb- all number -rrb- from the box .
776	CableModem	NEG	1	I have try 2 unit and both do not sync with comcast . I will return the second unit and try another brand .
122	CableModem	POS	5	as a Comcast customer , I be a little hesitant to buy this modem after read all the review . however , I need a new one really bad because the old modem just keep on resetting ; also want to see how much speed improvement the DOCSIS 3.0 get . so I take the gamble and order one . I immediately open the box when it get deliver to my doorstep . plug in the power , wait a few minute for it to completely boot up , then plug Ethernet cable to the modem and directly to my laptop . Unplugged the coax cable from old modem and plug into the sb6121 modem . no surprise here , yellow warning icon . no connection . call Comcast and provide the MAC address -lrb- Comcast do not use customer s\/n for they setup -rrb- , but no luck as the rep tell I the router be show online but will not communicate with they server . still no luck after a couple of try , so she say to leave the modem on and she will call back to check in 30 min . 30 min pass . she call and give it another attempt ... nothing ! she then politely apologize about the situation and say the unit be probably a defect , suggest I return the item to get a new unit . -lrb- really ??? I think in the back of my mind -rrb- so I brush she off by thank she for she help , while tell myself this unit be perfectly fine . after I hang up the phone , I decide to power it off , turn back on and leave it on overnight -lrb- as other mention that method work for they -rrb- . little do you know . after power back on , I hit f5 to refresh my browser page . the rainbow color GOOGLE logo with a search bar underneath show up in the middle of the browser window . finally up and run !! quickly do a speedtest and get 14mbp download speed -lrb- subscribe for 10mbp -rrb- . it be blaze fast !! very stable and have not have to reset the modem after 1 month .
806	CableModem	NEG	1	just get this in the mail . horrible connection and super slow compare to the ARRIS I be rent from Comcast for $ 7\/mo . I be consider keep the rental and suck up the fee just to get decent internet . ca not even stream video from Youtube \/ etc without it buffer every 5 seconds . sad .
203	CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase this product a month before move into a new house . once we move in we set everything up , and the product be extremely unreliable . at least 5 time a day , vary from 5 to 30 minute , the modem would drop the signal . we be not sure if the problem be the modem or the cable , so we purchase another modem and we have not have any problem since then . unfortunately , because we buy the product so far in advance of we move , we can not return it now either . we would not recommend this product .
259	CableModem	NEG	1	this modem drop connection and\/or get hang up constantly . it get hang up and reboot itself several time a day . sometimes I have to manually reset\/power cycle the modem to get it back up and run again . you should not have to manually reset or power cycle you modem 2-10 time a day , especially a brand new modem . try troubleshoot with Comcast and be refer to Linksys Tech support , who then try to refer I back to Comcast . after tell they that Comcast refer I to Linksys in the first place , they tell I it be beyond they scope of expertise and refer I to Cisco Tech support . Cisco Tech flat out say that they could not do anything for I or my problem since there be nothing configurable on the modem . I ask if the modem be faulty then would not cisco have to replace it under they 1 year warranty ? the Cisco Tech say there be nothing they can do to help . this problem with constant disconnect affect a lot of Comcast customer and the only fix seem to be have the firmware flash back to the Aug 2011 because the Jan 2012 firmware be faulty . unfortunately , none of the tech support people that I get in touch would be knowledgeable enough to help . of the two Linksys and Cisco Tech I speak to , neither be able to even give I the default password for the Modem status page . the dpc3008 maybe certified by Comcast but neither Comcast nor any part of Cisco or Linksys will provide support for it . this modem do not have a log page to see what go wrong and there be no interface or even download site for the user to change the firmware . also , when the modem be hang up or if the internet status be disconnect , there be no way to reach the modem status page through a browser via the IP address 192.168.100.1 . all the other cable modem I have use before -lrb- Scientific Atlanta , Motorola Surfboard , and Linksys cm100 -rrb- all be reachable even when the internet connection be down . with this one , you can not even check the status and there be no log to troubleshoot with . if you be with Comcast , stay away from this modem because the certified for Comcast label on this modem be meaningless and you 'll get no help from the manufacturer .
365	CableModem	NEG	1	I receive a package with the cable modem , 1 usb cable , and 1 ethernet cable , but no power adapter . I be now look into return the package for a full refund .
354	CableModem	NEG	1	when I set it up it take forever to get connect with Comcast because it keep reboot over and over again . finally it stop and I get set up with Comcast for the first time . some session on my computer\/surfing the web be fine but other time it will randomly reboot\/reset . I can not find any explanation for this online other than it be a faulty modem .
80	CableModem	POS	4	this device work right out of the box . . grant I have to work with the cable service provider ; have to provide MAC address . have be work w \/ out failure since put on-line over a month ago . I would highly recommend this product for any cable internet customer . I have it in a open-air arrangement and have no trouble with overheating .
145	CableModem	POS	5	this modem seem to perform well and setup be pretty quick and easy , include a call to Comcast for activation . DOCSIS 3.0 make a big difference in my internet download speed ... now up to 24-25 mbp . I have have it for less than a week , but so far I be very pleased .
214	CableModem	POS	5	I be pull above 50mbit with my Comcast 50Mbit plan . that be fine by I . I think this bad boy clock I at 54mbit by 11mbit . not bad . some people complain it get hot ... no such issue here . it be warm , but most of my router get hotter than this . believe I I be put it through the wringer . my bandwidth usage with this bad boy over 3 week or so be very close to 1tb -lrb- that be 1000gb -rrb- . Uptime be great as well . I have some issue programming it but whatever , I have not not have such problem . just call Comcast and give they you digit if the online tool do not work . keep you box , it have a special serial -lrb- customer s\/n -rrb- as some mention . regards , will
503	CableModem	POS	5	several of my hd channel -lrb- in the mid 200s -rrb- be not come in or be extremely low quality -lrb- intermittent audio and a poor image -rrb- . I hook this booster in and now all of my channel come in and they be crystal clear . simply put this signal booster end two month of frustration I have have with Comcast .
24	CableModem	NEG	1	it die the second month after purchase . possibly due to A\/C adapter failure . I be go to Walmart right now for a new A\/C adapter . it be inconvenient for the user , time waste and frustrate . Cable modem be the last Motorola product I trust besides mobile radio . I hope this be just bad luck !
128	CableModem	NEG	1	guy , I buy this about 6 month ago and it just die . do not waste you money and look for something else . I be go to check out a Netgear product now .
221	CableModem	POS	5	we just buy this as a upgrade from a older Motorola modem , and we love it . we play online game and the old modem would boot we offline frequently and would reset randomly periodically during the day . after figure out that maybe we modem just could not handle it - I do some research , find this to be Comcast approve , call Comcast for setup , and it work like a charm -lrb- so far -rrb- . speed be noticeably faster and the connection be far more stable . would definitely recommend . setup be easy - but I do recommend call you cable provider so they can send a signal to the modem and get it set up . the only thing I find annoying about this modem be that the datum link constantly flash make I think the modem be offline - but this be normal for this model . I be very happy with it .
985	CableModem	POS	5	before I purchase this modem , I do some research . I be not techy and be worry about buy something I could not use with Comcast , my internet provider . I call Comcast and they tell I this particular Motorola model -lrb- any model over `` 5000 '' -- related , apparently , to model number -rrb- would work . I look at post on techy site . some user have report trouble with activate they modem with Comcast . I , fortunately , do not run into trouble . I connect the modem -lrb- it be very easy -rrb- . I call Comcast . I provide they with the serial number -- and the `` hfc MAC ID '' number . both of which be located on the box the MODEM come in . I be tell the `` MAC ID '' number be what Comcast principally use to activate the modem through they system . so far , so good . it be easy to set up and be work as expect . and I love not give extra money to Comcast because I no longer rent they modem and router .
114	CableModem	POS	4	I wish I have buy this modem year ago instead of pay Comcast more than $ 800 for a rental during that time . -lrb- ... -rrb-
336	CableModem	NEG	1	absolutely terrible ! do not reach all area of we house -lrb- and its not a big house -rrb- and cant . handle multiple device . im disappointed and we be go to bee look for something better !
352	CableModem	NEG	1	I try to connect it to my exist router that be also make by Linksys\/Cisco . it do not work . I call Linksys support hope that since both modem and router be by the same company , they would help . the lady on the support line tell I since the router be out of warranty , we need to charge $ 40 to configure it for you over the phone . this may include firmware upgrade as well . I then return the modem and purchase a D-Link modem . it work out of the box without require any change in my router . I be very surprised and unhappy with linksys\/cisco . first , the modem be brand new and they try to shift the issue to router . second , they build both product and there be no mention or warn that the modem do not work with older linksy router . Third , D-Link modem work without require any change in router . this mean Linksys\/Cisco break interoperability and try to charge for fix it . Linksys be now in my blacklist . when I upgrade my router - to be do shortly - , I will shop for non-linksys brand .
522	CableModem	POS	5	I just replace my Motorola Surfboard modem with the cm-100 and it be work flawlessly since install . I have a wireless network in my home consist of all linksys product and the reliability and performance be all there !
257	CableModem	POS	4	the device be easy to unpack and the cox support guy be great . we have it run in about 5 minute . one problem that prevent I from give it 5 star - the print on the box and device for the MAC address be way too small to read . if I would not have have a magnifying glass , the 5 minute install would have take a hour .
665	CableModem	POS	5	receive Saturday and after one day this modem really be perform SUPER ! Easy , easy setup and online in minute . boost my Wireless speed from 4 or 5 mbp to 18-19 mbp ! WOW ! sound like a keeper to I !!
764	CableModem	POS	5	my provider promise 30M download ; I be get 45-60 . very rugged . I drop it from about 30 '' onto a tile floor ; it still work immediately upon power up . have not have to reset it yet after a month of use .
964	CableModem	POS	5	Perfect . Works as advertise . Works with Comcast . give I a 10mb boost over my old 2.0 modem with no change in service .
698	CableModem	POS	5	I replace my Linksys befcmu10 , with a Cisco -lrb- Linksys -rrb- dpc3008-cc . I first have to remove my Cisco ASA5505 firewall and connect my laptop directly to the dpc2008 . when you browse to anyweb page , Comcast will redirect you to they registation page . after I enter my comcast account number and phone number -lrb- have they ready -rrb- , registration take about 8 minute . to get my firewall re-connect , I have to power cycle both the modem and the firewall . the total down time be about 10 minute .
158	CableModem	POS	5	I recently switch computer service provider and when tell I need this type modem , I really shop around before find a excellent price on Amazon . this purchase teach I to check Amazon FIRST !!!!!
505	CableModem	POS	4	pro : at the time of write this review , I have have this modem plug in and run for a month straight without any problem . I get the correct speed from my modem -lrb- 20 mpb -rrb- and I have not experience any latency problem -lrb- pc and xbox 360 gaming be always fluid -rrb- . con : the modem do not have any management capability . access the modem management page -lrb- 192.168.100.1 on most home network -rrb- only give you status page and no capability to spoof MAC address or provide isp with a username and password . Make sure you isp support this modem before you buy it . conclusion : for the money -lrb- less than $ 80 -rrb- this be a great modem that may not have frill but have reliability which be far more important . I would recommend this modem -lrb- as long as you isp support it -rrb- .
464	CableModem	NEG	2	Got first sb6121 unit in prep for move to new house . Comcast tech groan when he hear I have `` Motorola DOCSIS 3 '' because of they extraordinarily long set-up time . Tech wait around for more than 70min after plugging-in modem to coax & power . keep cycling power-on , sync ` ing , then power-off - repeat . Tech claim be download firmware . as a `` Geek Class 5 ~ 6 '' -lrb- of 10 -rrb- who be I to argue as he do this for living . he be on phone with Comcast office with acronym , blah-blah while look at diagnostic tool . Modem would link-up with Internet long enough to see Comcast registration\/activation webpage , only to shut-down again . grrrr ! finally tech say must be bad unit - replace . Got rental `` Ubee 3.0 '' from van & I be on in -lrb- 5 min . Amazon to rescue with great replacement service . last night started-over with 2nd new Mtrola sb6121 - same thing ! go to bed with unit connect to coax & power hope any `` firmware '' download would sort-themselve by morning . unit stable in morning , until I plugged-in cat5e to computer - cycle back ! grrrr ! contact Comcast . give they the basics you would expect : serial # , MAC # , account info . they register modem detail on they side . they instruct I to reconnect Mtrla & my computer -lrb- include router between -rrb- . do so . launch browser . activation page stable & hit authorization . Modem cycle ! -lrb- `` oh carp ''  , I think -rrb- ... but thank God . . when modem come back-up authorization complete & now stable & equivalent speed as rental ubee . be my ~ 4th modem and by far the most aggravating process ! who be to blame ? Motorola , Tech , Comcast system ? no idea ... at least work now . better luck to you
974	CableModem	NEG	1	it work find for 30 day and then suddenly fail without warning . I replace it with a Motorola cable modem .
565	CableModem	POS	4	Works well , box have wrong mac id so setup be delay . great modem tho . no complaint so far even tho refurbish
316	CableModem	NEG	2	Modem would restart itself all the time and recently have be do it more often . finally I say forget it and be use the Cisco one provide to I by my internet provider RCN . I initially do not realize it be the modem , once I do it be outside of the return window . I do plan to call amazon and see what they can do though .
235	CableModem	NEG	2	this product be great ... for 6 month . then it fail completely . I can access the modem from my pc , but can not get through to the internet . fortunately I still have the old sb4200 from year ago . it be slower , but it still work . okay , 3 day later , I reconnect the sb6121 modem and it work fine . it do drop this morning -lrb- 8\/15 -rrb- but after turn the power off and back on , reconnect with no problem . it be a bit of a puzzle but for now , I be back to be satisfy . until the next time !?!
231	CableModem	POS	5	I get this to use with Comcast cable internet since it be on there approve list -lrb- leave 6 year of crappy att dsl 6.0 Extreme which just seem to get worse and worse as we use it and add on more device -rrb- . Works great and be easy to install . sine it be pair with a Netgear 3700v2 router it be in `` bridge '' mode which Comcast have to do for you , so you can not see any specifics about the modem once it be behind the router , which be expect . I have look at they and it seem to be work very fast with Comcast . we get a clean signal 6-10 m ping , no packet loss and 25mbp down and 4mbp up , which be great since we have 5 computer , 3 PS3 's , 5 pda -lrb- iphone , android -rrb- phone ,5 hd\/dvr Directv reciever with whole home dvr hook up to internet and a att Microcell Tower which which work like VOIP for better cell phone coverage . so you can see we be task this thing and it just keep on go . my 3 kid do a lot of online multiplayer gaming mw3 , battlefield 3 , etc. so we use alot of datum for gaming and Netflix , Vudu video download \/ streaming , last month be 465gb datum use . anyway it work well and have get good review feedback by other .
583	CableModem	NEG	1	buy this modem because of how well supposedly it work with Comcast and think I could avoid the $ 7.00 rental fee every month . so after follow the ` easy ' instruction , I have no internet access , my network can not be find and there be absolutely no support . Comcast could not & would not help I because it be not there equipment . so basically I have a $ 85 paperweight . oh and it only take 2 hour to restore the network , reset the router at 1am . I work from home after hour so must be connect .
967	CableModem	NEG	1	buy it for my the comcast cable internet . Comcast have certify this . and the box in which this come boldly display the certify by comcast mark . but it barely work I keep have trouble like lose connection and finally one day it completely stop work . the Comcast technician who visit my place tell I many other people face the same problem with this one but Comcast refuse to officially remove this from the list of certified modem . finally now I be use a surfboard and it do not have any problem .
78	CableModem	NEG	1	right from day one I have be face issue with this product . every five minute connection get reset . strongly recommend not to buy this product .
509	CableModem	POS	5	the product be deliver in only 3 day . what great service . the Cable Modem be easy to install , one call to COMCAST and the modem be up and run . be work great since the day i install it .
165	CableModem	NEG	1	the modem be sell as `` new '' but when attempt to connect the modem to my cable account the modem be still tie to another person 's account . I waste three hour try to install a item thatius have no choice but to return and deal with the hassel of return and wait for a replacement .
736	CableModem	POS	5	excellent way to get around the $ 7\/month charge that Comcast require for they dated cable modem . as other have point out , you do not need to call Comcast to set this up . you only need you account number and the contact phone number that Comcast have on file for you . setup and installation for Comcast be as follow : -lrb- 1 -rrb- turn on the modem and connect it to you cable connection . do not plug in you computer yet -lrb- 2 -rrb- wait a few minute for the blinking to stop . -lrb- 3 -rrb- plug in to you pc and turn it on . -lrb- 4 -rrb- you should be automatically redirect to the Comcast self activation page . type in you account # and phone # -lrb- 5 -rrb- go to a comcast customer service area to drop off you old modem -lrb- and save on return shipping -rrb- except for step 5 , the whole thing take I 15 minute . my speed have go from 14 - -rrb- 27 mb\/sec download . actual speed have go from a peek of 1.8 mb\/sec to 2.8 mb\/sec . not bad , and you save money in the long term
271	CableModem	POS	4	when you install this modem , if you be replace a Comcast rental , ensure you have the MAC -lrb- CMAC or HFC MAC -rrb- address handy , and call Comcast first & tell they you want to provision a new modem . after several hour of try to use they webpage that come up , I have to call . also , ensure you have the correct MAC address ; for example , a `` d '' can look like a zero -lrb- `` 0 '' -rrb- w\/those tiny letter , which be my only complaint on this modem so far . otherwise , the modem seem to be work great for I -lrb- though I do have to reset my wireless router and then reboot the modem to get the 2 to work together -rrb- . the modem work fine with my Ooma telo box to provide VOIP ... if you be use comcast-provided voip\/phone or will be , this modem will not work I think ; you need a telephony modem .
478	CableModem	POS	5	my previous Linksys cable modem start have issue -lrb- so I think -rrb- and I need a replacement . after read all the review I decide on the cm100 and I be very happy with it so far . it turn out what need to be replace be the cable company 's cable modem which they do just before the new one arrive . it would ahve be nice if they have own up to it before I buy a new modem , but there be a huge benefit to ditch my old one . once the new one arrive , I decide to use it anyway and be reward with a increase in speed . I be get about 2.5 mb\/384mb down\/up and with the new one I be now get 6.5 mb\/1 .0 mb down\/up . its well worth the investment . also the status page at -lrb- ... -rrb- have more detail than the older model I be use and include the log .
721	CableModem	NEG	1	lack feature . Poor Documentation . no support . I be upgrade from dsl to Cable Internet and purchase this modem to avoid the high charge my cable company want to charge I for a modem and wifus . while this modem may work for most people , I find it lack router feature that most router have . I have two computer that run different application that require port forwarding from the router to work . I could only port forward to one computer at a time . if I put the second computer in DMZ then I could not even port forward to the first computer . when I call Motorola for support they tell I I need a older firmware to make it work for I and to contact my cable company to have it download to my modem . why would anyone remove functionality from they firmware ? bad move on Motorola 's part . when I call the cable company , they would not touch it since it be not there modem . in other word no one be willing to support this modem . the only other fix be to put the modem into bridge mode and use a second router that would handle the port forwarding . give the cost of this modem why would I want to use it just as a modem ? I also find the documentation for the modem both online and that package with the unit to be lack . there be multiple box that could be modify that do not have any explanation or description in the documentation . if all you need to do be use wireless to connect a laptop this modem will probably work for you . if you need to do anything more than that you may have problem . if you need support , forget it . Motorola will not update firmware . the cable company will not update the firmware . in the end I have return this modem to Amazon.com and rent a basic modem from my cable company that I be use with my router . at least this way the cable company will support the modem and the router manufacture can not hide behind the cable company .
244	CableModem	POS	5	the modem be run like a charm . i be glad i purchase this modem i be get a great connection speed now .
303	CableModem	NEG	2	I have be through 3 Motorola Surfboard sb6121 modem within the past 2 day . purchase product at local retailer . before I upgrade to the Docsis 3.0 modem and package , I be use the Motorola Docsis 2.0 12 mbp down\/2 mbp up package with Comcast . with the Powerboost feature the device average 19-20 mbp down\/4 mbp up . after the upgrade to the Docsis 3.0 and 20 mbp down\/4 mbp up package , the new modem average speed of 30-31 mbp down\/1 -2.5 mbp up . there be time the device would peak at 3 mbp up , but that be a best case scenario . as you can see , this be very frustrating know that you upload speed be not at least on par with you old device and performance package . several folk from Comcast state that the signal strength and ping to the Docsis 3.0 be good . however , one tech do a line test and the result come back that a tech need to be send to the residence . the tech come out and find nothing wrong with the line . the Docsis 3.0 continue to give a dismal performance while the tech be present . he test a Arris Docsis 3.0 modem he have in the truck and it perform flawlessly ; 31 mbp down\/4 mbp up . the device he have perform as it should . BTW , from what I can tell `` yes '' the tech on the phone and at the residence provision the device correctly . I take back the modem I have to the store and pick up another one . the second modem could not be see on Comcast 's network so I hurry back to the store before it close and pick up another one from another location just in case I be pick up modem from a bad batch . needless to say , the third modem perform the same and I now have the old Docsis 2.0 back on the network . I be back to get my great speed . BTW , I also test to see if there be any difference in speed between the 2.0 and 3.0 with the Playstation 3 . the 2.0 still outperform the 3.0 . I just do not know what it be with the 3.0 . it be as if this device will work flawlessly for most people who may or may not be aware of they speed before upgrade . however , I be not impressed enough to keep the Docsis 3.0 .
105	CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase this modem just under 1 year ago to replace a Motorola cm that be fail . the Mot sb last approx 3 year , which be pretty average for this type of appliance that be always on . for the last 2 month or so we have be get intermittent connection drop . the drop occur on the Service provider side , as indicate by the modem light . reset and removal of power do not help . the drop be get more frequent . I start call cox , my sp , and the odd thing be , that once the call be initiate , the connection seem to work . this work 90 % of the time , then I can just hang up , without talk with anyone . upon speak with customer service , they report that the modem reset itself hundred of time a hour and say that some other technical indication -lrb- he would not elaborate further -rrb- be way off the chart . he recommendation be that the Modem be bad and he would need to send a tech out to verify -lrb- and of course sell I a new one -rrb- . I have use other Linksys product before and have be happy with they . this be the bottom of the barrel for they engineering team . the modem should last longer than 1 year . the tech on the phone also indicate that he have see these modem fail earlier than other brand . I be hopeful that this Linksys product be a contender , but will not buy another .
434	CableModem	POS	5	this be very worthwhile product for anyone who have a weak cable signal or a deteriorated signal because of too much signal-splitting . turn it off and you 'll really see the difference !
258	CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this so I could return my rental I be pay to Comcast for the $ 7\/month modem . when I plug the modem in , there be a connection but no internet access . I end up call Comcast and I read they my HFC MAC ID # and turn out that this modem be currently register under someone else and they could not register under my name . after hear that , I be frustrated and angry that I buy this and hope I can get my FULL refund back and will never buy from they again .
350	CableModem	NEG	2	combine a cable modem and a router be a great idea . however , the product need improve . you can not turn off the SSID Broadcast even though the manual say you can . Tech support acknowledge that but be not go to do anything about it . the signal be intermittent , so connect to a work VPN be not reliable . it disconnect the VPN constantly . finally , the device completely reset itself to the factory setting . if you buy this product , be ready to unplug the power on a regular basis to get it to work again .
860	CableModem	NEG	1	when I install this between my cable box and the cable from the wall , it do nothing to improve the picture , so I try it at the other end of the cable-where it come out of the wall . Got no picture at all that way . so , useless to I .
378	CableModem	NEG	1	I order this in May . it be now August . I have have trouble with this product since I get it and have call the modem maker tech desk for help . I be tell to contact Comcast about my internet connection . Comcast tell I they would charge I to come out and look . after one recent day of over a dozen drop connection , I have Comcast come out . they tell I the modem be defective . so now , I not only have a charge from Comcast , it be too late to return this $ 70 piece of junk . and when I try to go through Amazon to contact the seller about this purchase , I be block by a message that it be `` too late '' .
8	CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this modem so that I could rid of the $ 7 monthly rent . it get provision fine but keep on get reset every now and then . in two day time it have be reset on its own like 5-6 time . I buy this modem instead of Motorola surfboard as I already have a Linksys wrt54g2 router but look like cisco modem be not even compatible with they own router . I have try so many time to hook up this modem with the router but no use . I want to save $ 7 rent but look like that cause I a whole lot of pain and if i continue to use this modem I might have to buy a compatible router worth around $ 60 - $ 70 . so look like to save $ 7 \/ month I be spend $ 170 - $ 180 upfront which do not sound good . I be gonna return this modem today . definitely will not recommend it to use with Comcast .
558	CableModem	NEG	1	Stinks , be a lousy modem , give less than 1\/2 speed advertise . I be gonna try buy.com instead . or eBay , shopping.com , of anyone other than AMD .
817	CableModem	POS	5	receive today and be use cox cable Premier speed . about 20mbp down and 5 up . hooked this up and 2 test at Speedtest dot net , I be now get 37mbp down and 5 up . so , I would say it do exactly what I want . that be my experience anyway . good luck
200	CableModem	NEG	1	\* warning : LINKSYS will send you a BROKEN PRODUCT \* this ITEM will not work \* absolute garbage . I purchase mine and receive the modem , receipt , cd , power cable , ethernet cable and a usb cable . no instruction . none on the CD . CD do nothing . even view the `` manual '' on the CD do not give you any information as to how to install this . the program on the CD , do nothing - no choice to install , no nothing . useless . now , I have use many cable modem in the past , and I know it be just plug and play . that do not work . it appear to I that after plug everything in , the cable modem go through a self-test , then die . the only light that would stay light be the power light . the other would blink as they be test , but then turn off . useless . I finally use the control panel to `` install new hardware '' and search the CD for driver . it install fine . but it do not work . the modem itself be garbage . now what ? send it back to Linksys ? pay more in ship this item back and forth than I pay for the item itself ? useless . this be a scam . Linksys be garbage . they be try to pass of this piece of crap that be make with known defective piece . \* do NOT BUY THIS \* spend the extra money and get a REAL CABLE MODEM FROM ANOTHER MANUFACTURER \* \* UPDATE : so - I have since have this modem `` install '' , or attempt to have it install . the cable guy who come to my house run test on this modem , and he could not get it to work . he call it `` garbage '' and we immediately throw it out . so , as I say originally , it be a broken item . I be happy to finally throw this out . I have since buy a work modem from Motorolla - and it be perfect . please avoid this piece of junk . \*
366	CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this modem since Comcast give it three star out of three for compatibility with DOCSIS 3.0 . it work great for two month . for the past week the modem lose connection to the internet after fifteen minute . in order to not lose connection I have to keep a persistent ping run to the internet . even with this measure I can not stream video without it have pause when the timeout occur . I have Comcast out my house to look at my wiring . they replace several connector , but the problem still persist . there be no reason for this to happen after tqo month . there be no support page on Motorola 's website . I can only check the internal IP of the modem and restart it from there . the only other option be a factory reset of the device . since two month have pass I can not return it .
864	CableModem	POS	5	Works perfectly well with my modem -lrb- the cable to which my cat have successfully chew ! -rrb- and get to I with no prob ! price be the best !
396	CableModem	NEG	1	this modem do not work . have to have a technician come out to determine why internet be not work ; turn out to be the modem .
546	CableModem	NEG	2	I could not get this modem to work . Comcast technician could not figure out what be wrong with it . I do not think this modem work for everyone .
535	CableModem	POS	5	I be one of the first to get a Motorola SB6120 -- and be very much satisfied with the ease of set-up , the awesome speed , the functionality , and the workmanship . but , like all electronic gizmo , they tend to crap out after a few year . when my sb6120 start drop upstream channel , I look to Motorola once again -- right here at Amazon -- and find the new Motorola sb6121 . after check the spec , I find that the new sb6121 Model have the latest ipv6 technology -lrb- higher bandwidth capability -rrb- that be not available on the sb6120 . the newer ipv6 technology allow connection speed up to 160 mbp. , against the 150 mbp of the sb6120 . ipv6 be not in common usage yet , but it will be pretty soon -- and the sb6121 will be ready with the fastest speed available !! the new sb6121 be a super-easy set-up , and the connection speed be fast and steady . compare the DOCSIS 3 sb6120 to the newer sb6121 : 1 . - the sb6121 be smaller -lrb- height and depth be smaller , width be greater -rrb- . 2 . - the sb6121 run slightly -lrb- average about 5 degree f -rrb- warmer than the sb6120 . 3 . - connection speed , latency , and jitter be better with the sb6121 than the sb6120 -- and WAY faster than ANY DOCSIS 2 modem , regardless of manufacturer . some tip I learn from use the Motorola DOCSIS 3 modem with 2 different -lrb- d-link dir-655 and Netgear wnr3500l -rrb- `` n '' - speed Wireless Routers : the sb6120 run coolest when mount to a wall or other vertical surface , and space approximately 1\/2-inch away from the surface . this allow a adequate air flow that be necessary to keep the Modem cool . mount with the wire point straight down , the sb6120 run at about 95 degree f in a 78 degree room when mount away from a wall . temperature measure with Mastercool Infra-Red Laser Thermocouple gun -lrb- available at Amazon -rrb- . the new sb6121 be smaller than the sb 6120 , and it run a little bit warmer -lrb- 98-100 f -rrb- , even when mount the same way as the sb6120 . I suggest that you mount the new sb6121 1\/2 '' away from the wall as well , but with the wire point straight back . whatever you do , DO not stack anything on ANY Modem or Router !! both of these device give off heat and electrical interference , and will perform they best when space about 4 foot apart , which keep the interference from overlap and kill the Wireless Router 's range . when you get you internet connection go , go to the Motorola Modem 's Home Page : sample snapshot of my sb6121 = Cable Modem Status Signal address Configuration Logs Open Source help this page provide information about the current upstream and downstream signal status of you Cable Modem . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- downstream Bonding Channel Value Channel ID 49 50 57 58 frequency 837000000 hz 843000000 hz 861000000 hz 867000000 hz signal to Noise Ratio 37 db 37 db 38 db 38 db downstream modulation qam256 qam256 qam256 QAM256 Power LevelThe downstream power level reading be a snapshot take at the time this page be request . please reload\/refresh this Page for a new reading -1 dbmv -1 dbmv -1 dbmv -1 dbmv Upstream Bonding Channel Value Channel ID 3 1 2 frequency 36100000 hz 23300000 hz 29600000 Hz Ranging Service ID 7425 7425 7425 Symbol Rate 5.120 Msym\/sec 2.560 Msym\/sec 5.120 Msym\/sec Power Level 45 dbmv 45 dbmv 45 dbmv Upstream modulation -lrb- 3 -rrb- qpsk -lrb- 3 -rrb- 64qam -lrb- 3 -rrb- qpsk -lrb- 2 -rrb- 16qam -lrb- 3 -rrb- 64qam -lrb- 3 -rrb- qpsk -lrb- 3 -rrb- 64QAM Ranging Status Success Success Success Signal stats -lrb- codeword -rrb- Bonding Channel Value Channel ID 49 50 57 58 total unerrored codeword 1457238562 1457238645 1457237949 1457238150 total correctable codeword 17 26 23 27 total uncorrectable codeword 1031 937 1682 1468 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Status | Signal | address | Configuration | Logs | Open Source | help  copyright 1997-2008 it should give a snapshot of the spec for your modem . you will be look for 4 downstream channel that read SNR @ 37-38 db and the power level at around 0 dbmv . upstream power level on all 3 bonding channel should read around 45-50 dbmv . a deviation of 5 from any of these figure indicate a problem . if the Modem 's signal be solid and constant , but the power level reading be 5 point off in either direction , check you outdoor splitter or tap first , because they tend to crap out when they be expose to heat for long period . the operating temperature for splitter and tap be only 140 degree F. maximum , and that temperature be easily reach in direct sunlight , even when enclose . those of you who live in hot climate may notice that the Modem 's downstream power level drop off 1 or 2 point when the outside temp get up to 110 f or higher . do not panic !! in case of rapture , dial 1-800-oh Jesus . ; -rrb- -rrb- I find the rca dh24sp high-bandwidth -lrb- 5-2400mhz -rrb- 2-way signal splitter -lrb- available at Amazon -rrb- to be a excellent handler of the high-speed signal of Cable , Satellite , and hdtv signal . it be a `` 2-way '' splitter , so the power flow equally in either direction , enable MUCH higher upload speed . if you need a tap for unequal cable length , a CommScope SV-DC-6G Digital tap work well for I . for strong and clear Wireless range and reception , use only Category 6 -lrb- shield -rrb- ethernet cable -lrb- available at Amazon -rrb- between you Modem and Router , and between you router and Main computer . good Luck !!
187	CableModem	NEG	1	I be in a bind and I need it in a hurry . it arrive earlier than promise and in good condition . imagine my surprise when the technician plug it in and it would not connect . I be in a bind so I have to rent one of they modem until I could replace it . my other option be to wait and pay for another service call ... I need the connection asap . I buy a better cable modem at the big box and get a much better deal . and it work when we connect it and plug it in . foolish I , I do not shop the price like I should have . the exact same modem be $ 30 cheaper at the big box . I return the modem to Amazon . no muss , no fuss , no hassle . they reverse the charge promptly . this transaction have change my opinion of shopping at Amazon . two bad experience with Amazon within the same month . I will be more careful with future purchase .
837	CableModem	NEG	1	set up a new Comcast account , I have go through two attempt with Motorola modem . the first be the sb6020 , which be DOA -- would not even power up . send it back and decide to try the sb6121 , to see if they newer model perhaps have better quality control . I think I be go to have success -- the light come on -- but no luck . the first strike against this modem come when I call Comcast to try to do a `` self-install '' to save the service charge of the technician come out . in we new place , I know the previous tenant have use Comcast , so I be sure the house be already wire correctly . Comcast be unable to do a self-install over the phone for this modem , so a technician be send out . the Comcast technician , a nine-year veteran installer , spend over a hour fight with the sb6121 , try to get it to initialize . we wire it in directly , remove all splitter , etc. . . and it still refuse to recognize . keep cycling and drop service . I spend another hour on the phone with Motorola tech support , who be unable to help . finally , as a last resort , the Comcast technican plug in a similar Docsis 3.0 modem from he truck . the connection be up and work in seconds , with a stable signal and no drop service . of course , I be now fight with Comcast over the $ 99 service charge for the technician . all tell , this modem have cost I 3-4 hour of my life and $ 99 already ... and this be my second return of a Motorola modem to Amazon in less than 10 day . and I still need a modem . with the dubious quality of the current generation of Motorola modem , they have lose I as a customer for the forseeable future . if the next model be better , I 'll revisit the issue but for now , the aggravation and expense just be not worth it .
190	CableModem	POS	4	it boost my signal , but I still need some more boost . 300 foot from the road , two way communication be weak and I still get checker board digital screen on some of the low power channel . at least I can see 99 % of the channel now .
403	CableModem	POS	5	we be have trouble receive some high def channel . some be pixelated , other just do not come through at all . we install the bda-s2 where the cable come into the house , and we problem appear to be fix . we cable get split to 6 different port , and this boost the signal at those port to a adequate level . fdc power level go from -17 dbmv to -6 dbmv . the cable modem still work just fine . we have not notice a improvement in its performance but we also never really have a problem with its performance .
456	CableModem	POS	5	Works fast , easy intallation , no problem nor interruption . be ship within the the promise time . have to call Comcast to update to the new cable modem , take 7min and all ready .
700	CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase two of these item about a year ago . they work great !!! Unfortunatelly , they both fail after be in service for about a year . I have since then switch to viewsonics signal booster , which have be in service for about six month . I feel that viwsonic be a better product , and it be also less expensive .
211	CableModem	NEG	2	I buy this product a few day ago from a local microcenter . Microcenter have two modem available , this one and the Zoom DOCSIS 3.0 . the zoom be 10 dollar cheaper . I never hear of Zoom so I decide to go with linksy since I feel they be the trust name . I do not want to end up get what I pay for . take it home , register my MAC and SN online through Comcast and have some problem in the begin then everything work fine . I be able to watch a movie on Netflix without any issue . then the problem come on my first day work from home . like other have state it repeatedly drop connection and then reconnect . this become extremely annoying quickly as I use VirtualBox to boot Windows on my Mac and then remote Desktop to my work pc . I would be in the middle of typing and then the cursor would stop . I could not click any of the window . that be when I know the connection drop . sometimes the connection would reconnect quickly enough to avoid Windows make I reconnect manually . that be when I come here to see if anyone be have the same problem and surely enough they have ! I take this back to Microcenter and get the zoom . so far no issue but will have to wait and see . I be hope the positive review on the Zoom be consistent . my suggestion be to avoid any product that have inconsistent result and report from a number of user .
530	CableModem	NEG	1	I need DOCSIS 3.0 , and my Motorola 6020 die after only a year of use -lrb- keep drop the connection -rrb- , so I `` upgrade '' to the 6121 . after be on the phone with Comcast for nearly a hour to get it up and run , it finally connect . 5 min after I hang up the phone with they it disconnect . it keep connect and disconnect randomly after that . the connection , when it do connect , do not hold on for long . I think I be do with Motorola modem . I have a much older one that work great , can not remember the model , unfortunately it be only DOCSIS 2.0 and I be pay for 3.0 service , something Motorola can not seem to get right .
897	CableModem	NEG	2	I have grow to be a fan of Linksys \/ Cisco product s for a while . I keep get call from Comcast state that my current purchase cable modem be no longer support , and they would be happy to send I a new one free of charge , but of course , add the $ 7 per month rental charge . I work out of my home and have notice my VOIP call , and download be not as fast as they should have be after I analyze my current system . I go ahead and purchase this product due to it be a Cisco product , and it be certify by Comcast . after receive the product , I run with the modem for almost a month and speed down and up be fantastic . my voip call be clearer , and streaming and video call be much smoother . however , I notice that the modem would randomly drop the signal , and re-synch up again . the modem be in a open area , so I new it be not a heat issue , nor do the unit ever become hot . I call Cisco support , who direct I to Comcast support , as they claim it be a firmware issue that Comcast would manage . I check online , and in the Comcast forum , I find other who also have the same issue . the current firmware release from January 2012 be the issue , and the only solution be for Comcast to roll-back the firmware to a August 2011 release . after almost 10 contact -lrb- phone or chat support -rrb- with Comcast to report the issue and direct they to they own forum , the firmware be never roll back , and the issue do not go away . I have to inevitably send the product back to and replace with a surfboard sb6121 . it be a alright modem so far , but upload speed not so good as upload be only bond to one channel . I 'll report back if something go wrong with this new modem .
875	CableModem	NEG	1	you should know that Netgear do not sell this modem to individual , only isp . at least that be what Netgear keep tell I . it be pretty frightening when a company that be suppose to be a major internet player can not do a Google search to see that over 100 store sell this modem directly to user . my cmd31t die six week after it be purchase . one day it be work fine and the next day i have no internet connection with my isp . first I call my isp and do all the stuff they ask . then my isp send out a technician with a network analyzer . my connection be fine , the modem be not . then the nightmare begin . the Netgear support number connect to a call center in India . everyone there follow the script exactly . the first customer Service Representative -lrb- CSR -rrb- tell I that Netgear do not do support for this modem , I have to call my isp . I call my isp to check and they confirm that since this be a privately purchase modem that Netgear be responsible for support . the second CSR have I do a bunch of diagnostic step . nothing work , but since I could still see the GUI in the modem , the modem must be fine . the third CSR tell I to call the isp and when I ask to speak to a supervisor , blow I off . the forth CSR say someone from Netgear would call I . I be still wait for a RMA so I can return this modem two week later . BTW , forget any support if you run Linux . you can tell the CSR you IP address , dn , and default route , -lrb- which be much easier to find in Linux -rrb- but if you be not run windoze they tell you they can not do support . the technician from the isp recommend Arris or Motorola . I buy a Motorola modem because I might not ever get a rma from Netgear . if you buy this modem and it fail you will not get any support from Netgear . 9 March 2012 Update : my first Email contact with Netgear be 22 February 2012 . I have send they my Amazon purchase receipt twice . still no rma from Netgear . I be send a email to Netgear Technical support every few day tell they I still have not receive a rma . if I ever receive a rma I will post how long it take . so far my Motorola surfboard sbg901 be work O.K. it be not DOCSIS 3.0 but at least it work . 22 March 2012 Update : it look like Netgear be never go to send I a rma . the only response I get from Chithra or Vishnu or Simbhu or Arif be `` please wait so that they can get the necessary detail from they to assist you better . '' I will be happy to post or forward any of these email from Netgear . Netgear automatically close any support case in seven day if you do not reply to they Email . they be hope I will get tired of wait and just write off the $ 90 I pay for the cmd31t . please think twice before buy any Netgear product 24 March 2012 Update ; check out the comment from Netgear !!! they will not respond to my support case but they sure as heckfire will try and spin bad pr !!! oh , ipv6 be the problem ? then why have my Motorola modem work perfectly the day after my Netgear modem fail ? maybe Motorola make a better product than Netgear . or maybe my isp temporarily switch to ipv6 and then wait until I call to tell they I buy a Motorola modem and immediately switch back to ipv4 so the Motorola modem work . Hmmm ... I wonder ?
992	CableModem	NEG	2	I select this modem after consult my cable provider 's list of recommend modem . in fact , I just get off the phone with my provider 's tech support , and I confirm what I find when I try to install this modem : if you receive voice telephony service in addition to internet and tv service , this modem will not work . period . there be no phone jack . my cable provider 's website be in error . -lrb- I be tell that there be very few modem that support both cable and telephone . -rrb- do not let this happen to you . Fair warning .
771	CableModem	NEG	1	I learn not to assume anything about technical material . I have search Amazon for a specific Cisco modem , and this one come up . it be a Cisco CM-100 , which accord to Comcast 's list of recommend modem be not a recommend model . I could not determine what model it be until I open the package and soon learn that I would get to pay return postage . if it do not list a model number , there likely be a reason , and I presume that in this case , the reason be that it be not on Comcast 's list !
176	CableModem	POS	5	I have have this little speed demon now for a little over 10 day . it work great with absolutely no flaw . I just go with Comcast in Northern ca , after be with att for the last 12 year . with att I have drop internet at least 3 time a day . Comcast and new cable modem do not believe in drop internet . go from under 5 mb with att to 26 plus mb with Comcast . after switch over to Ooma and drop att , I now pay less than I pay for the att with phone and internet charge . Life be good . while it be true that no instruction or warranty card come with the Ubee , the hook up be pretty much impossible to mess up since all the cable will only fit into they respective orifice . have not have one drop internet connection with the Ubee or Comcast . Good-Bye att . its be fun all these year . I would consider come back if you would get better product and service than my current isp . it be call COMPETITION ... and you lose !
278	CableModem	POS	5	I have have this modem for about a month now . it work flawlessly . in fact it increase my speed from roughly 20mb\/s to 40mb\/s over cox . its a nice compact unit , and have a couple keyhole for wall\/shelf mount .
822	CableModem	NEG	1	do not waste you money . all cable company provide these item for free plus free installation . for those who insist on own one , beware : the modem do not last long . at most 2-3 year and than burn out . happen to I 3 time , the first last a few month , the second 2 year , the last almost a year , when it finally dawn on I : call Com ... they come , install , hi-fi have everything . beautiful !! no more worry .
452	CableModem	NEG	1	Modem work fine for 90 day and then die . unit be plug into a high end UPS\/Line Buffer along with the other network equipment . would not recommend this to anyone .
807	CableModem	POS	5	this be a Comcast approve modem . it be rate the maximum star -lrb- 3 -rrb- by Comcast . be very easy to setup , Comcast take only minute to activate it . I highly recommend this modem , run fairly cool . why pay Comcast for a lease modem . I lease my modem for 5 year , @ $ 7.00 per month , I could have purchase one new modem per year at that rate . the one thing Comcast do not tell or do for customer , the modem we lease be never update to the newest and greatest , so with the older modem you never keep up with the speed available to customer . I highly recommend this modem !!
5	CableModem	POS	5	I get this Motorola SB6121 Modem to replace a old sb5100 Cable modem . while the seller I purchase from turn out to be a total scam , Amazon make good with a full refund . this modem really be fast !! I have cox Cable Preferred service which guarantee 15mbp download , and I get consistant 20 + mbp on any test site I use . Works great . if you need a cable modem , this be the one to get .
118	CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase this modem for a new apartment that I be set up the internet and cable for . it meet all of the Comcast requirement list on they site and the installation technician laud I for think ahead and have the hardware ready for he when he arrive . that be , until he try to hook it up . the modem simply refuse to connect to the Comcast network . after try a few different set up to no avail he go out to he truck and bring in a replacement modem . same brand , same model , even the same packaging . the big difference be that he work right of the bat . so long story short , I be stuck pay a monthly rental fee from Comcast and this modem in on its way back to Amazon .
843	CableModem	NEG	2	I order this modem instead of the sb6120 because of the problem report in connect to COMCAST . unfortunately this modem do not connect to COMCAST . Motorolla inform I that the isp must download a file specific to the give modem . since this be not yet on the list of approve modem . there be no file and it can not connect , although they do tell I the signal be excellent . HENCE : do not order this modem for use with COMCAST unless they tell you it be compatible ...
290	CableModem	POS	5	this be a great modem . nothing to do but hook it up , call you cable company to give they the hardware address and wait for they to imput the info . it connect in less than 5 minute .
644	CableModem	POS	5	other than hang at the initial setup process -lrb- which simply finish at the reboot , but feel scary at the time -rrb- and a propensity to make life miserable on my previous generation docsis 2 & 3 router , I have find this docsis 3 cable modem predictable and solid . try a inexpensive e1200 Linksys router and they never speak much ... a return and twice as much money spend on a new dual-band Gigabit  ASUS Black Diamond dual band wireless-n 600 router -lrb- rt-n56u -rrb-  on occasion after a especially brutal power spike -lrb- even with surge-conditioned power -rrb- it will need its reboot -lrb- just unplug it for 5 seconds -rrb- but that be only rarely happen . usually just take it in stride . my wife 's WIFI laptop be much happier now while streaming - the more capable router really allow this cable modem to shine . amazing throughput ! a switch on the front be miss ...
222	CableModem	NEG	1	I have have numerous cable router but none have so many connection issue like this one . get a signal be completely hit or miss -lrb- mostly miss -rrb- , and this be on a wire connection , I do not even bother try wireless before return .
272	CableModem	NEG	2	I must have get one of the Monday morning one . work for less than one year . last few week continue to crash -lrb- drop signal -rrb- . I wonder about all the five star rating when I see the number of refurbish unit for sale . I must not be the only one experience a defective unit . when it work it work well ; however , I expect to get more than one year service from the unit .
153	CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this so i do not have to pay the leasing fee with Comcast but it would never keep a stable connection . Modem would reset every minute so it be basically useless . back to Amazon it go .
660	CableModem	POS	5	have some initial setup issue , but it turn out it be Comcast . this modem run like a champ . I be get 50 + mbp download -lrb- what I pay for -rrb- and setup be simple . it be also aesthetically please . . the modem be small and can be inconspicuous of place properly .
563	CableModem	NEG	1	I purchase a cm100 about 8 month ago at a local store to match my Linksys wrt54g . in the last month or so I have notice sporadic internet service during which my ping time increase by ~ 500m for period of roughly 2-3 minute . well my cm100 finally die today after a gentle existence on the floor behind my tv . I be not pleased that a $ 70 modem only last 8 month .
865	CableModem	POS	5	installation be a breeze and the router\/modem work perfectly with Charter Communication . I should have buy this item a long time ago !!
990	CableModem	POS	5	replace a old linksy that finally die . this modem perform well , provide stable service and speed . we use comcast\/infinity isp . glad I choose this one .
490	CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem increase download speed by 50 % and decrease ping latency from 13ms average to 10ms average ! the download speed also become more stable at around 1.2 mb\/sec . I highly recommend user of average isp supply cable modem to upgrade to this one ! I purchase this cable modem mainly because of the intermittent disconnection of Socal Time Warner Internet in my house located at Brea , CA . the original setup be comprise of a ASUS Black Diamond dual band wireless-n 600 router -lrb- rt-n56u -rrb- and a D-Link DCM-202 DOCSIS 2.0 USB\/Ethernet Cable Modem . before install the new Motorola sb6121 cable modem , the download\/upload speed be approximately 17\/1 mbp , and the internet connection be very unstable . I though that be cause by the newly install ASUS rt-n56u wireless router . I go through many official and unofficial discussion thread and review of the new ASUS router , which receive many very positive review , and I try to trouble-shoot the disconnection by myself without success . I also call and complain to Time Warner twice , and every time the issue be temporary solve by use only the D-Link modem . at this point , I start to doubt if the issue be cause by the original D-Link dcm-202 cable model . I contact Time Warner again to make a appointment for they to send a engineer here to check the signal quality of the exist cable . Ron come , check it , and find no problem . he then uninstall my D-Link dcm-202 modem and install a Ambit Cable Modem u10c018 without any extra charge . immediately after use the new Ambit cable modem , the disconnection issue be go and the ASUS router work really well afterward . the download speed also become more stable but not too much faster than D-Link DCM-202 . on the same day , two hour after Ambit cable modem be install , the Motorola sb6121 arrive . I decide to give it a try and call Time Warner to register my Motorola SB6121 Cable Modem . totally the process take almost a hour after my call be transfer three time . immediately I test the speed on speedtest.net . I be amaze by the initial number of the burst speed : 50mbp ! after test few more time , the speed be cap at around 27mbp stably ; that be still a huge improvement . I wish I have order this model earlier to save all those time waste to trouble shoot previous issue .
869	CableModem	NEG	1	this modem work for a couple of week . and now it be not . I be not sure what be wrong with it , but it be definitely defective .
510	CableModem	POS	5	I buy the sb6121 , because Comcast 's list of approve broadband modem ; show this modem be approve for all speed tier . I do not want to be charge $ 7 for use they modem . it be not cheap , but of coarse you get what you pay for . this model of modem be not find at consumer electronic store . have a XBOX 360 connect to this modem 's online gaming capability feature . no problem , at all in this area . I be very satisfied with the sb6121 . one complaint I have about this modem be that it be assemble in China .
850	CableModem	NEG	1	product be refurbish . Wish I would have see the other review before purchase . the ac adapter include be a dud - rather than deal with the hassle of return it , I simply use a old adapter that I just happen to have , then it work fine . many time refurbish product be not such a bad idea - the item have supposedly be test after be send back to the manufacturer , but after this I will never buy a Linksys refurbish product . shame on Amazon.com for not clearly state such a important detail in the description .
487	CableModem	POS	5	when my old cable modem suddenly start reset itself , I replace it with this one . it work like a champ with speed much higher than that of old one . the setup take just 5 min . I be tell by Comcast tech support that for `` performance '' internet service this be the ideal modem as it support DOCSIS 3.0 .
315	CableModem	POS	5	Comcast give I a Motorola 5120 the bandwidth be fluctuate horribly on speedtest.net also the modem max out at 30Mbps mega bit per second mbp be mega byte per second the difference be weather the b be lower case or b upper case . a byte be consider 8-bit . in some system there be error correction and other overhead route information of up to they say 15 % of you bandwidth . not to much testing and I have hit a high of 38 mbp download the bandwidth be nonfluctuating\/stable . the same of ~ 6mbp for upload . the follow be help with self install and self activation on Comcast you mileage may vary on cable company . Extra Paragraph\/note not on modem : after all of this be do if you want a suggestion on block different type of web site -lrb- 30 million people use it . -rrb- use free opendns.com simple or complex , 40 different category and certain add and spoof its free unless you want long term tracking of site successfully block or where the kid have try to access . corporate be not free . this next step be to set up so you can `` self activate '' on Comcast when you have switch , hub , router , wireless . pull the power cord on you modem and with preferably the same cable connect directly to a power off computer or laptop and then plug back the power back in you modem . Make sure the cable modem have initialize itself then turn on the computer test and make sure a refresh web page come up -lrb- in case you do not shut down you computer -rrb- . the next step be that you be go to give back you old cat-5 cable and test you new pre-test cat-6 cable . unplug modem , shut down computer . now plug in you new cat-6 cable which on mine be pre-test , and plug it in to the modem and computer . plug the power back in to the modem after the modem initialize turn on the computer verify that the cable work and you pull up a refreshed page not a current page -lrb- in case you do not shut down you computer . -rrb- if if say that there be `` no connection available '' , sometimes you have to see-see the connection back and forth which I have to do at the laptop connector . finally if you want do you last speedtest.com look for , first , the unevenness of the graph the peak and valley what you want be a nice stable plato  , second be write down the peak download speed in Mbps and third the upload speed peak in Mbps . now to swap the modem . First you want the modem to run when the cable company test it so pull the power first . then the pre-test cat-6 cable . now the cable tv rj-59u or rj-58u you might need pliers to start to loosen the connection but the rest should be hold with finger and spin . now the semus tough part that center wire of the cable will not want to go into that new gold plate connector so make sure the wire be in the center , its align , and push , that be the hard part -- finish screw in , plug in the pre-test cat-6 cable to the modem and this time I would really recommend shut down the computer because even I do because it go to take ~ 5 minute for the modem to initialize . mental note : I notice the box vent on one side and a very little from the front so I put the side with all the vent up . but I have air cleaner to clean it or you could get a hepa filter . Temp be nominal but I have it on a cement floor . now turn on you computer . go to Start , All Programs , Accessories , command Prompt . type : ipconfig\/release type : ipconfig\/renew now open internet Explorer in the address bar type activate.comcast.com \/ you will need you account number and account telephone . next call 1-800-xfinity 934-6489 go to tech support tell they you get you own modem , you install it and self activate it . and you need to give they you mac address its a Motorola Surf Board sb6121 I be in a sandstone building and go outside and use the cell phone do not take to long then they send I in to test and see if a web page would come up and it do and my cell connection hold and I say thanks to eternity the representative and that be all . this new modem have hit 8mbp higher at the highest and the bandwidth have a nice nonfluctuating platoe  . in Google Chrome I can re-open a dozen of closed web page and the load time seem reduce the reason I do not say for sure be that my 4 thread processor be not run at its normal burried 100 % so the program might not be fight for cpu time . Bruce Light color be Amber for on , blue upload , blue download , amber connect to computer , flash blue for the fastest connection .
808	CableModem	POS	5	I purchase this to replace the stock Ambit modem from Charter Cable . in summary , the modem install flawlessly and I do see a improvment in speed -lrb- accord to dslreports_dot_com I be run twice as fast at time -rrb- . the setup with Charter be very easy , with no phone call need . everything be do online . after insure the modem be work correctly I then install the wireless router -lrb- Belkin n + wirelss router -rrb- . it too , install flawlessly and install easier than with the stock modem -lrb- I often have to start - restart the modem and router before they would communicate . I would recommend this product . it do what it be suppose to , and installation be a breeze .
12	CableModem	POS	4	I need a reliable modem so I can work from home . buy modem be not exciting by any measure , but this one get the job do .
344	CableModem	NEG	1	I be on hold for a entire half hour . I must have hear the entire 4 Seasons by Vivaldi . the help agent be rude and unhelpful . he even hang up on I . this modem have be nothing but trouble from the day we get it . we Internet speed slow by 30-50 % . and the problem with own you own modem be that the modem people will always blame the internet provider for any problem and the internet provider will blame the modem maker , and you , the customer be stick in the middle with no recourse . not even a friendly voice from the Zoom company to acknowledge how frustrated you might be . Stay away from this company .  zoom 5350 Cable modem\/router with Docsis 3.0 speed
891	CableModem	NEG	1	have I find this comcast forum post at -lrb- ... -rrb- , I would not have buy dpc3008 . Cisco DPC3000 work fine earlier . now , I have no support for resolve drop connection issue with this dpc3008 . Comcast keep reset and tell no log of any disconnection activity . Cisco on the other hand be not tell what be with the firmware that people be talk on the Comcast forum . both company need to figure out the fix to this problem soon . update -lrb- April 18 2012 -rrb- : Comcast revert back the firmware build date to Aug 11 2011 and it fix the drop connection issue . definitely , this would change my opinion on the product to excellent .
819	CableModem	NEG	2	I have Comcast and purchase this wireless gateway -lrb- cable modem & router in one case -rrb- to use at home for a few reason . 1 -rrb- to stop pay Comcast $ 7 each month to rent a cable modem , 2 -rrb- to upgrade from a old Linksys 802.11 b router that limit download speed and have only the -lrb- not very secure -rrb- wep encryption . installation of the Zoom 5350 be easy , instruction be very good . everything be great , in fact , except for the wireless range . this 802.11 n product should have more range than the Linksys 802.11 b router from 2000 that it replace . at least in my house it be substantially inferior to that older router . I try different orientation of the case and different height in the room -- no improvement . I return the product today to best buy -lrb- no problem do that -- thanks best buy ! -rrb- and replace it with a zoom 5341j cable modem and a Linksys 1550 wireless router -lrb- 2.4 GHz only -rrb- . this combination of two separate device work much , much better . the cable modem electronics be probably identical to those in the Zoom 5350 , but the Linksys router be obviously either a stronger signal or a better -lrb- set of -rrb- antenna -lrb- s -rrb- . everyone 's house be different , but if you have a small house with not too many interior wall , then the Zoom 5350 might be a great product . if you need better wireless coverage , I would recommend the Linksys 1550 router and a separate cable modem .
333	CableModem	POS	4	I recently replace my 10yr old Toshiba modem for a Linksys cm100 . the download speed be now about 30 % faster but only from those site closest to I here in Phoenix . I be also experience packet loss which appear as if the internet keep disconnect . I call COX about the issue and they say my Toshiba be to old to support and before they would review my circuit I need to buy a new modem . I learn while talk with a rep at cox , while give they the new MAC address and serial number , that they cable network now support doci 3.0 . this modem support doci 1.0 , 1.1 and 2.0 but not the newest 4 channel bonding standard . there be limited doci 3.0 compliant modem available but a internet search do find they for $ 85 + . this modem work just fine but in hindsight I would have pay the price difference for a modem that support the newer standard . the final comment be that it might not matter that much as regular testing of download speed on my work 's 45mb fiber connection find that access to server even a few state away be limit to 3-5mbs download .
355	CableModem	POS	4	\* I be not sure if my performance issue be due to Comcast or the modem . \* the performance be great , but there be occasion where my speed will seriously slump down to 1 mbp down , but 4 mbp up . but if there be such a thing as a good look modem , this be it .
863	CableModem	POS	5	get it in two day , work great ! be deliver the speed list in the spec . definitely would recommend this product .
836	CableModem	NEG	1	no dice , try to get the modem to work with multiple Comcast tech . never could be recognize on there system despite be on the master list .
435	CableModem	POS	5	very well pack . take a few moment to get it square away with Comcast . it up my up\/down load speed considerably . should have do it sooner .
389	CableModem	NEG	1	I be use this modem with with Comcast and a LinkSys ea4500 router and it constantly drop the internet connection . sometimes I have to unplug and plug back in the modem multiple time per hour . there be huge thread you can find online in which ton of people have describe they problem with this modem . I be extremely disappoint in Cisco and I warn people to stay away from this modem . the kind of problem this modem cause be really unacceptable and customer should not put up with be treat so badly , especially after they have pay a fairly high price for it .
636	CableModem	POS	5	definitely make a difference . I use it with a inside antena and the quality become undistinguishable -lrb- or better -rrb- from a channel tv . definitely worth the money .
627	CableModem	POS	5	I never buy the modem on Amazon , I buy it at Staples for approximately $ 70 back in March but it be now discontinue . I currently have Mediacom and I be only pay for 10mgb but since I have use the modem , my speed have double to almost triple . I have never have to unplug , reset or anything of the sort compare to when I have rent one of they modem . watch Netflix , Hulu and several other site have be work out very well . I would definitely recommend this modem to other . my router be also a Netgear -lrb- wndr3700 -rrb- .
164	CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem be exactly what I need . it support the fastest residential speed offer by Comcast -lrb- DOCSIS 3.0 -rrb- , and I have not have a single problem with it since I start use it . it be only about 30 dollar more than the cheapest cable modem I could find . I would definitely recommend this cable modem , and I would purchase again .
338	CableModem	POS	5	buy this modem to end my 7.00 $ monthly fee from my internet provider . hook it up and call the provider for activation and never look back .
737	CableModem	NEG	1	buy this before read the review , and it turn out to be total junk . my cable company , whose name be prominently display on this thing 's box , spend 2 hour on the phone with I and we could not get this thing to work at all , so come back here to Amazon and go with a surfboard - which work perfectly out of the box , take the cable company two minute to activate and do . do not waste you time with this turkey . too bad there be not zero star .
848	CableModem	NEG	1	this device will sporadically lag packet - they typically all get through but some be delay . isp can not send firmware update once the onboard chip be full . too old for modern network .
2	CableModem	NEG	1	we subscribe to Comcast high speed internet service and have enjoy it far more than we battle with Verizon . we have a Motorola modem before and it work great for a couple of year - until Friday , June 15th , we could not get a connection for any longer than 30-45 seconds before the modem would restart itself over and over and over . the service rep at Comcast infer that we must have a bad modem so we buy a brand new Motorola Surfboard 6121 and we have the same problem ! we bring out the Comcast technician who test the line and assure we that the line be good but the modem be not work right . so I get a second new Surfboard 6121 modem and that do not work either !! we daughter , who also have Comcast , tell we that they have a Arris 7640 modem and so we order that . the Arris modem come and presto , it work . I always think that Motorola be a excellent modem but , for some reason , they be not compatible with Comcast in Massachusetts . good luck - I know how frustrate it be .
829	CableModem	NEG	1	I buy the item from SSDEALS , receive in about a week time . set it up and call my isp to have it activate with they . while on the phone , this modem crash the entire node because it be `` flap '' several time a min . -lrb- request a IP then go offline imeditatly and cause a DOS in the node -rrb- I take it offline and have to set a static IP on my computer to even access the webguus -lrb- it would not even establish a dhcp on the Ethernet side either ! -rrb- accord to the log it be give a tftp error . configuration file NOT FOUND . so I send it back for a refund . since Staples be sell it for the same price , I just go to they and it work right out of the box and all I have to do be give my isp the MAC address and it be up and run before I get off the phone with they . apparently these be not test before they be send out .
901	CableModem	NEG	1	I would not buy Zoom again ! we purchase this unit - start out ok , then six\/seven month later zoom push out a update through we internet provider , put the unit into vapor lock ! they customer service be really bad here - take 24 to 48 hour -lrb- m-f only -rrb- to get they to send you the e-form to fill out in order to get a rma # -lrb- so I can pay to ship it back to repair they screw up -rrb- , 2-4 day shipping , 5-10 day for repair , 2-4 day shipping -lrb- if they decide I do not do something to the unit -rrb- so three week later I can get internet back !!
585	CableModem	NEG	1	work good for about 9 mo . then no reception at all try everything . I even re route it use new rg6 cable and even try just one tv this be use for my cable tv !
524	CableModem	NEG	1	I order this a couple day ago and be still try to get it to work flawlessly . I buy it , of course , to help drive down my Comcast bill but lately it be be stay active for anywhere between 20 min to 4 hour . it be get better and with every call to Comcast i feel better that it be go to be a great modem . I be get a easy 36 mb down and 6 up which be a little better than what I pay for . I 'll update this as soon as I be confident the modem will become stable . 1\/8\/13 Update : it be not go to happen . I have call Comcast 6 time , different answer each time , I have move the modem to every free and splice line in my house , none work . it be honestly like the science experiment where if you check on the router -lrb- 192.168.100.1 -rrb- it crash . or if you do not check you get anywhere between 5 min to 4 hr of uptime but a crash be inevitable . I have read extensively on this and it seem like a botched firmware upgrade . I would avoid this modem for the time be if you be in the metro-atlanta area with comcast . I have read that people have have some success with the zoom brand or you could just get another Arris which be what I be consider
413	CableModem	POS	5	the unit work very well and continue to do a good job . I use it along with a Linksys router
423	CableModem	POS	4	I have try both the sb6120 and the sb6121 and the signal level and speed be the same on both . the sb6121 be a little smaller than the sb6120 but run much warmer than the sb6120 . look like they try to cram too much hardware into too small of a space . my sb6121 do not come with the power save button -lrb- it be list as a optional feature -rrb- , so about the only difference between the two model be the design . both the sb6120 and the sb6121 use the same firmware : label sb612x . so unless you want the different look led light and a smaller and warmer box for a higher price , stay with the sb6120 . as far as speed be concern : the multiple channel bonding on these DOCSIS 3.0 modem be nice for sustained constant speed . it also make it easier for you isp to enforce the speed cap if they choose to do so -lrb- Comcast in my case do -rrb- . I be get 20 + Mbps down and 3 + mbp up on my old Linksys DOCSIS 2.0 modem , however that be the peak when the transfer first start , then it would taper off . the DOCSIS 3.0 modem stay right at the 12\/2 ceiling of my speed tier , but at least the speed stay right up there and do not drop off after a few seconds .
414	CableModem	NEG	1	I buy this item through Fry 's for a little bit more , but I need a cable modem right away . I get home think I get a deal , and for the first two month , I do . for the last two week the cable modem have be drop the carrier signal about twice a day . for regular browse this would not be a big deal , but it become a hassle to start netflix movie over and to repeatedly get kick out of game . I have contact customer service , but do not have a resolution yet . I will keep you post . the verdict : - Easy to use and set up - perform well when it work - have a life span of 2 month save yourself the time and buy a cable modem that cost $ 20 more . you will be happier in the long run .
744	CableModem	POS	5	excellent product . reliable speed and have no disconnect so far . will get one for my brother when he decide to join cable ethernet .
972	CableModem	POS	4	Works better than the cable co supply modem and pay for itself in less than one year . have work well so far .
858	CableModem	NEG	1	this modem only last 7 week and rarely work correctly during that time . very disappointed that I didnt keep box so I cant send back
486	CableModem	POS	5	I take a chance and buy a refurbish unit that look almost new -lrb- I notice a few light scratch -rrb- . installation with Comcast do not go smoothly with the automatic procedure but after a phone call to Comcast , it be up and run in a few minute . I have have it run less than a week and in that time the whole system have only crash once -lrb- typical for I -rrb- . I run a speed test with the old modem right before I install the new modem . the old one clock in at 35 mp download and the fastest I have get with the new be 24 mb . slower , but not noticable in my app and I can still stream high-def Netflix well . I read somewhere that it may not download as fast as older model but that it should maintain it be speed better throughout the day . in any case , it seem to work as fast as the original Arris modem that be cost I $ 7 a month . so far I be happy with it ! PS my home phone be now on the internet with magic Jack and that work very well and I need my modem to stay on 24-7 so I be hope this modem work a long time without crash . I have the one crash and be here to fix it quickly -lrb- simple unplug , wait a few seconds , then plug it back in -rrb- . hopefully those will be rare .
375	CableModem	POS	4	I buy this cable modem to get rid of the $ 5 , soon to be $ 7 , rental modem from Charter . I think I be purchase a new modem , but when the box arrive I see the refurbish labeling on the box ! I install it very quickly and it perform like new . I hope it last as long as the dsl modem that I have when I use AT&T; for Internet access !!!! I have all the download\/upload speed I could ask for with this modem ! I know Amazon will back it even though it be a refurbish unit !!!
508	CableModem	POS	5	Great Product . work as advertised right out of box . have to contact Comcast to activate it and deactivate my rental box . I be pretty computer capable , but I do not encounter anything a non-techie could not work through .
602	CableModem	POS	4	I purchase this modem as a new unit without the pretty packaging . it arrive on time and work well for a half a hour or so . then the power supply burn out . after a quick call to Motorola and a repurposing of one of my hard drive power supply the modem be work again . this must be a common problem , as motorolum support suggest this approach as my first intervention . after confirm the supply be bad , they promptly send a new power supply . with a new power supply the modem be very dependable and easy to use . I would buy it again . if yours fail , check the power supply by plug in a similar one from you own collection and call motorolum to get a new one .
252	CableModem	NEG	1	this be a update after own the modem for just over 30 day : originally give 4 Stars , I have reduce the rating to 1 star . the modem die after a month of use . that leave I stick without service for several day until the weekend could pass and the cable company technician check what the problem be with my Internet Service . after a great deal of checking and cross checking , a new Motorola modem be put in by my cable guy . they sell it for $ 75 -lrb- as oppose to Amazon 's $ 50 -rrb- but offer 1 year on-site warranty with immediate replacement and installation of a problem unit - not so bad a deal if you really need to be online for certain . the new Motorola Surfboard sb5101 be instantly recognize by my Linksys router - so the problem describe below with instalation of the Linksys cable modem wre not encounter . it strike I as odd that there would be less compatability between a Linksys router and modem than between a Linksys router and Motorola modem . I get a LinkSys modem because of the good review , but also because I think it would `` play nice '' with my LinkSys router . my router be the WRT610N dual n-band so it be pretty good . when I get the modem I plug it in and give the MAC Address to my cable company . however , I could not get on the itnernet ; my cable company supply modem have work fine - I just get tire of pay the rental . they have I direct connect the modem to the computer - no problem . the problem be with the router ! the modem and router do not play nice together at all ! since my router be just over a year old , my call to LinkSys let I know they could tell I how to configure the router to get it work ... but it would cost $ 29 . to do so . they product do not work so well together , so they charge to make they work ! I refuse to pay . I get out my LinkSys Router CD , look up my router login and password and other info , then re-install the router . the reinstallation process fix it up so it get on the internet . if you get this modem and have a router , be prepare for a little hassle get it go . first impression of the modem after get it operational with the router be that it seem to provide faster internet access than the old modem from the calbe company do - though only marginally so , but still enopugh to notice . this seem to be a excellent modem and work really well . but , if you have a LinkSys wrt610n -lrb- and probably any other LinkSys router -rrb- be prepare for a little extra work to get the modem go .
400	CableModem	POS	5	recently , we provider -lrb- Mediacom -rrb- introduce 50meg internet in we area , which require the use of a Docsis 3.0 modem . I purchase this after read the review , and be very impressed with the result . as I upgrade both my cable modem and internet at the same time , I can not attribute gain in internet speed to one or another , but I be consistently pull 47meg down\/5meg up on speedtest.net , which be great speed in my book ... the modem do what it should ... connect I to the web , and it seem to do a very nice job of it after about 3 week . have never have a issue that i have have to reboot it -lrb- problem frequent with my last modem -rrb- and just continue to work . one word of advice be to make sure to keep the box , as it have the ID you will need when you call you cable company to activate you modem once you hook it up . Might be somewhere on the modem as well , but find it on the box be convenient . overall , very good buy .
240	CableModem	NEG	1	i be look to upgrade to a DOCSIS 3.0 i do a lot of research and this seem like the best choice , over the sb6120 and the 6580 , because i already own a linsys e2000 . after some troubleshooting over the phone with comcast , i have to exchange it for another modem because it keep restart itself . well the second one be do the same thing . i be not gonna try a third one , motorolum release a bad modem . gonna try the 6120 next , it have the same firmware and docsis 3.0
672	CableModem	NEG	1	this review be two-part , first to Amazon as provider and second , to the product itself . note that the `` star rating '' be for the product and not for the provider of the product -lrb- in this case , Amazon -rrb- . this be a quick review , as I just want to let Amazon , and hopefully , motorollum about the product that I buy . Amazon : First of all , Amazon do a amazing job send and ship the product . it be very fast , ship the day i order it and arrive two day after . thanks Amazon !!! product : Motorola SURFboard sb6121 I purchase this against my gut feeling vs the older sibling sb6120 . while I understand that performance wise , it be -lrb- technically -rrb- similar . after read many review , and check spec , I find out that the sb6121 and sb6120 use the same firmware . however , what really entice I to get this be the fact that it be `` greener '' . however , I be extremely disappoint with the product . it come brand new , seal , with all the proper documentation and part . but the modem will not stay `` on '' and stable for more than 1 minute . the modem will boot up , sync for a few second and then will reboot again . my line be pretty clean , use my current Cisco DPC3000 cable modem , I get -1.2 db on downstream power , and 37 snr on downstream on all 4 channel , and with 49.5 db on upstream power . my Cisco modem be stable , no reboot nor reset , but I be pay $ 7\/mo so this have to go . unfortunately , Motorolla can not even stay still long enough for I to activate the modem at Comcast . the modem will boot up , and I 'll be able to load the Comcast activation page , and then it will suddenly reboot . I can not get past the page where I need to enter my account number because the modem would have reboot by then . call Comcast prove futile as well , as they say that they can not get anything useful from they monitoring end . while they see activity , it will quickly go out and that be because the modem keep reboot and loose sync . it may be a faulty power brick , or a faulty modem . either way , I do not like a faulty brand new equipment . I pay good money and I expect the product to perform as expect . contact Amazon for a replacement , here 's hope it will arrive as fast as the original order . if it fail again , I will not be waste Amazon 's stock anymore and just replace it with the older -lrb- and cheaper -rrb- sb6120 version .
630	CableModem	NEG	1	purchase this item to replace my `` end-of-life '' cable modem and have nothing but problem . it disconnect every couple of hour and have to be reset . this be not very convenient when work from home and be downright impossible when I be away from home and try to access my system remotely . my internet provider tell I they have have nothing but problem with this brand of modem and they find it to be incompatible with they system -- even though the manufacturer claim it be .
