index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
735	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I would prefer to say something positive , but I can not . the motion of each end be very slight and make no click or noise , so you get no satisfaction and no particular value in a work out . two $ 5 2 1\/2 lb weight from a discount store would do you more good than this basically useless item . I do not understand all the positive review . they must be from friend of the manufacturer . I guess I could say they have good commercial because I buy one , but they do not even act like the one you see in the commercial . I be give mine to any one who will take it .
823	Dumbbell	NEG	2	this shakeweight do not work at all . 6 minute a day , no way ! if you be look for a workout , do not waste you money on this !
787	Dumbbell	POS	4	Pretty expensive for a stand that just hold select-tech . construction be sturdy and it be easy to put together . the best part about it be not have to bend down and risk strain you back dialing and pick up a different weight . also speed thing up when you try to keep up with a exercise dvd that have you switching weight a lot . overal i recommend it , just think it could be a little cheaper .
968	Dumbbell	POS	5	this have to be one of the best investment I have make . I use to buy a specific weight dumbbell think that I would use it for a while before increase the weight . when I start p90x , I realize that I need multiple weight and I need to be able to change the weight fast to keep up with the video . this be where the PowerBlock weight shine . the transition between the weight be flawless -lrb- with PowerBlock Sport Tray -rrb- . I be hesitant to spend so much money on dumbbell , but I can not imagine have multiple set of weight all over my house that would probably cost much more . I have to mention that the magnet design in my opinion be superior to the Bowflex SelecTech dumbbell for a couple of reason . as mention before by other review , the SelecTech be a little on the bulky side and create awkward movement in you workout because you 'll constantly be try to avoid contact with the dumbbell . it be kind of hard to explain , but the Bowflex dumbbell extend wider with add weight . my friend have the SelectTech and he always have to wear tight clothing so the gated part of the dumbbell be not catch in he shirt . another problem be that the weight selection dial break when all my friend do be drop the dumbbell inch from the ground . I think the quality would be a little better than that . it take he forever to get a replacement . this be the main reason why I look for a alternative . I never have any such problem with my PowerBlocks and it only take I a couple of try to memorize the color\/weight indicator . the weight always seem secure and I can do multiple workout in less time with a each switch of my select weight . I recommend this product for anyone who utility multiple weight do workout -lrb- which be pretty much everyone -rrb- . you will not regret the investment .
576	Dumbbell	POS	5	first of all i start by first review the comment about the product and i be hook now buy the men instead of the women because the man have more weight for one and second the grip be bigger for bigger hand . now for the real review well this product work like a charm ive do free weight for a hour and i dont get the pain that this product give I i promise you if you get this product for six minute of youre time you will define youre arm . Finaly it do look weird when do the workout but dont discourage youreself because do people that say that it look like this and like that they have never try it s try this product and i promise you you wont go back to free weight
245	Dumbbell	NEG	1	be not package well . Components receive damage and the part bag be damage enough that it be open and part be miss .
216	Dumbbell	POS	5	I have see the commercial one night on television and say `` huh , you have get to be kid I '' . I wait many month before I decide to purchase this . I have lift weight since I be a teenager and do all kind of workout with weight in a gym and at home . when I try it I be impress with the result and know it be well worth the price . I do notice on the dvd -lrb- unsure if anyone else notice this -rrb- , but you see he on one arm shake it , then you see he on another , -lrb- unsure why that be -rrb- . I do notice that when you do take one day off then try it again the day after you rest it become harder . so when he say see you tomorrow you bet you should do it daily . as far as do it more then once in a day I would highly not advise this , find another exercise to do , just add more rep the next day if you feel that day workout be not as good as you hope it to be . I have have a few people come over my home and try it out . Grant it they do not lift weight like I have for many year , but these people be struggle and not complete the rep properly . if you want tone and better vascular development , then this be ideal for you !!!
603	Dumbbell	NEG	1	it break in half when I set it down . I have rubber flooring and do not drop the weight from a great height . I have be lift weight for 20 year . I purchase on Dec 30 , 2010 and use it about 2x a week . this be kind of scary . about to contact Amazon and possibly manufacturer to see what they say about it . will post a update .
627	Dumbbell	NEG	1	`` where the heck be the pulsation ? oh , I see . . I have to create the pulsation '' . unbelivable marketing . very deceptive . if you want to ceate the enrgy this product be suppoese to generate , then fine buy it . you -lrb- I -rrb- have to shake the crap out of it to get the video effect show in this product video . not battery operate . for $ 25 . total crap , change the marketing and reduce price and still I would only rate it a two star . Hope this help .
466	Dumbbell	NEG	2	this be not for people that be start to work out ... you need to be well build to be able to move it freely . and grip of it be bad ... I use it now and then but at time it can really mess up you finger .
755	Dumbbell	POS	5	I really like this product but as it turn out I have a bad back and shoulder and can not use it .
789	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy this product for arm exercise . its not as good as it sound in commercial . I think the good old dumbell be better than this . I do not like it so I return this product for refund .
544	Dumbbell	NEG	1	if you be like I and want to buy this dumbbell because of its great commercial , please be aware that it be total waste . I buy it not for shake weight but for my every day exercise . absolutely no result and you feel like a retard every time shake it and hope it would do something . although it be hard to shake in the beginning , it do not do anything to the body that you see in commercial .
183	Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase a set of these 5 lb . dumbbell to use with a couple of workout dvd 's I recently buy . they be wonderful . they neoprene make they easier to grab and the hexagonal shape prevent the weight from roll around when you place they on the ground . these weight be not design to help build a huge amount of muscle mass , but when add to a cardio workout , they do help with the muscle toning of one 's arm . I have have these weight for about a month now and really enjoy use they . I plan to soon switch over to the cap gray 6lb . dumbbell .
610	Dumbbell	POS	5	if you be look to get adjustable dumbbell , these be the one to buy . they be solid and will last a long , long time . I would buy these over the bowflex or any other adjustable dumbbell . I have the set that go up to 90lb . and they be great and only take up a little space . I would recommend go to a place that sell these and take a look before you buy . I be look to have a store close by that sell these and I be skeptical at first but when I play around with these dumbbell , I find out just how `` solid '' these thing be . you can get a total body workout with just these and a good weight bench . some thing you just need to try out before you purchase and I try these out and be very impressed . great design and great product . it be funny because after I go to the fitness store to look at these , I go to the local bookstore and be skim through the latest Sports Illustrated magazine and there be a article about Lance Armstrong 's comeback and several photo of he work out . one of the photo show Lance use these PowerBlock dumbbell . after that I be sell ! it must of be a sign . ha ! well good luck and I think you will really like these and may be the last dumbbell you ever buy . good luck !
764	Dumbbell	NEG	1	how hard be it to produce a work dumbell ? it be not rocket science , it be a dumbell . yet somehow the brainiac at Fitness IQ manage to botch it . they get half of it right - the weight be fine , the center pole be not . when you pick it up , it go limp . you lift it into a curl , and it be jiggle in you hand like a rubber dick . the first time I try it I throw it down in disgust and it flop across the floor like a sick guppy . I would rather go back to lift my kid than use the shakeweight again but my wife take they so I guess I 'll just find some heavy rock in the meantime .
607	Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be do p90x for almost two year now ... -lrb- more for maintenance now -rrb- ... and thus I have a bunch of dumbbell of the free plate screw on variety -lrb- so I can adjust the weight on my set and also have many different weight ready to go for workout -rrb- . most rack seem to reference molded dumbbell more than the kind I have so I be a little nervous as to whether this would really work for mine -lrb- not see any review discuss my style of dumbbell explicitly -rrb- . the product description say this rack will work for all type but still I be not 100 % confident thing would work and fear find the weight would just miss the spacing this rack give for they . well ... it do work ... perfectly . it be so much better than have the weight on the floor or on the couch as I have be do in recent year . I should have buy this rack a few year ago ! it be a breeze to set up , basically 5 minute plus the time it take to screw in 12 bolt -lrb- which do take a little longer than you would think it would , but be certainly a reasonable amount of time -rrb- . the assembly could be do with no instruction because it be as straightforward as it get . the shipping box get a good beating from UPS during delivery -lrb- include some hole in the box and some patchwork taping ... it look like it go through a war zone ... but the product itself be in great shape with no ding or scratch -rrb- . as someone else point out the bolt and nut seem to now be shrinkwrap to a piece of cardboard so that the piece stay together and there would be little risk of this hardware be lose even with careless shipping -lrb- as UPS seem to provide in my case -rrb- . the rack itself be very sturdy and rugged and look quite sharp ... I do not know why anyone would want to pay for one of the other rack that cost $ 100 or so more as they could not possibly be better . this be everything you need in a dumbbell rack .
123	Dumbbell	NEG	1	not what i order . instead of the men shake weight i be send the woman shake weight . there be a big diffeeence
566	Dumbbell	NEG	2	I have own the elite series for some time . I be not sure how the new redesign dumbbell work , but these have problem ! depend on what excersise you do the pin slide out , make they very unsafe . another major problem be the plate be very delicate ! you can not even mildly drop these on a rubber mat after a bench press because the plate flex , which make the pin almost impossible to set . very disappointed , they be currently for sale .
374	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the weight have be re-engineered , but the stand be exactly the same include the strap . on the original , the strap lay perfectly flush with the base while sit on the stand . the stand on the new model be a bit more square and raise . they do not however redesign the strap to fit . when I call Bowflex and warn they that this be a recipe for injury and the ensue lawsuit , they simply say they know what I be refer to and have not have any complaint . they also say they have no reason to change it unless more people be to complain or injure themselves . I tell she it be a backward way of do business . I also warn she that I would put the fact on youtube .
35	Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy this product because I want to do something about my arm , which in all honesty , be get a little on the flabby side . I know this product would not be good for muscle growth , but since what I want be tone , I take a shot . I have a decent amount of muscle build up from previous weight lifting program , but now I want a little more definition , and this have help . it be be almost three week and I can see a improved appearance in both my forearm and triceps . my biceps seem to be lag in the tone department , but since I have get result in less than three week , I be go to continue with the program and see if I can not closer to where I want to be .
276	Dumbbell	NEG	1	when I get the item I though it could be easy to set it up , but I be wrong . the instruction be so bad that it include only one paper with no picture , tool be not number or name . I get the picture from the internet , but it be still difficult to figure out which screw be go in which hole . the screw be too big and too small ... I have hard time set it up , it take I almost three -lrb- 3 -rrb- hour to set it up . but the bumbell be great . and one star be because i cant put lower then that ...
1	Dumbbell	POS	5	I receive the Shaker in two day - great for build you arm - you get out of it what you put into it .
128	Dumbbell	POS	5	I order the entire set for my Husband for he birthday . the bench , dumbbell and this stand . be like he die and go to GYM HEAVEN . he love each piece . the stand be great to hold the dumbbell , which u really need .
740	Dumbbell	NEG	1	if you want result just lift with great form and increase you weight accordinly ... DO NOT give in to THIS MISCONCEPTION !!!! this do nothing to help contract and relax you muscle = that be where you be go to get `` muscle definition '' .
904	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be now week six for I . I can not believe my eye . I use it everyday . I can only do one minute behind my head for my triceps because it burn so much . I have increase from one minute to three minute in front for my biceps . I try this because $ 15 be nothing after ready that many people love it . I think if you be a gym rat , this be not for you , however , many woman have really poor arm strength and this be a wonderful start . my arm be tone and the fat be disappear . I have lose one inch on each arm because I measure it before I start use it . once this become too easy , I plan on buy the man 's Shake Weight .
337	Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a must if you do not have something to sit you dumbell on . it be very sturdy and have either roller wheel or stationary foot you can easily install . it really be quality construction and I be glad that I have it . I would have give it 5 star ... but the instruction on how to assemble it be brutal . it will not take a rocket scientist to do it , but it will take a little figure out -lrb- common sense -rrb- to know how to do a couple of thing like attach the strap to the base of the dumbell platform . be on the lookout for sale on this item . I order the 552 dumbell and the stand come with it free . I buy they through Amazon.com .
542	Dumbbell	NEG	1	after use , I think you could buy a bottle of water , drink the water , fill it half way up with sand and shake . the muscle benefit would be the same .
507	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy one of these , watch the dvd and do some of the exercise and my right shoulder have suffer immeasurable damage . my shoulder grind and click when my doctor put I through basic test . I be take chondroitin now which seem to be help after no success with cortisone shot but the un-natural stress and torque this apparatus put on you shoulder be terrible beyond word . I have not be able to golf for a year as a result and I have never be more unhappy with a single product in my life .
85	Dumbbell	NEG	1	absolutely no. . I have have these for a while , and finally come on line to write a review this morning after reach the end of my rope . they be extremely annoying . you have to be extremely careful in make sure the weight be face a certain direction when you lift they because the pin will slide out , most especially on exercise that alternate or flip wrist , like back tri extension or shoulder fly combo . this can be very dangerous and I often have to set the weight down and pick they back up again in the middle of a combo set . aggravate , counter productive , counter intuitive , time consuming . I can not emphasize enough how annoying it be to change the weight when alternate through lower weight , basically anything under 30 pound . to have to stop and open the whole system , remove the interior weight , re-pin the block , etc. . these two thing you will have to do on almost every exercise , so multiply this over and over by you whole workout and think many , many time before you buy .
429	Dumbbell	POS	4	you can feel the burn on you first workout , it work but i do not think it build muscle . it keep you body firm .
536	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I really want this to work ... pregnancy leave I with floppy arm and I want to find something that would help I with that ... well , this be not it : -rrb- it do not really shake , make lot of noise for no reason . not something I would recomand
473	Dumbbell	NEG	2	I have a chronic shoulder\/elbow condition that be aggravate by weight bearing exercise , and think this piece of equipment would be just the thing I need to prevent that , yet still get the arm\/shoulder shaping I desire . not so ... after the first use , my condition -lrb- tendonitis\/bursitis -rrb- flare so badly that I have to use ibuprofen and ice\/heat therapy for several day just to endure . it be be several week now , and I still have some pain . although the workout look harmless enough , just be aware of the potential problem if you already have any chronic condition . the short workout program include may be too long to start out with .
253	Dumbbell	POS	5	I do my research on this item as well as the Bowflex similar item . this be by far better !! they be easy to exchange down to 2.5 lb to fine tune the ideal weight you need to maximize you workout . not many move part so less chance of a failure . $ 100 cheaper for these compare to Bowflex and a far better product , go figure !!
853	Dumbbell	NEG	2	another warn that you be only get one dumbbell . Mine arrive new , but one dumbbell be pretty useless . the product description make no mention of the fact that this be not a pair .
157	Dumbbell	POS	5	I have a whole set of these , from 10 pounder to 45 pounder . they be a great fitness aid , as they be immensely portable and can be use in any room of the house , while watch tv , or next to you computer desk . there be a wealth of exercise one can do with simple dumbell : curl , bent rowing , overhead extension , etc. . if you have a bench , there be even more . believe it or not , a home body builder can get a pretty decent workout from a limited set of these dumbell . they be relatively cheap compare to other brand . I recommend they . Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
294	Dumbbell	POS	4	go to goo gle and type in `` shake weight for man review '' choose the second one under amazon which be world of diet . a small word on use both male and female version of this product if you can not figure out how to find the report . while the woman 's version may be only 2.5 pound it cause resistance measure of 32.5 pound . do the math the male version of 5 pound provide 65 pound of resistance . you be not get the full range of motion you would from a dumbbell but what you be get be 3 time the effect in the shorter motion result in better toning than muscle mass . for everyone that be injure it be because you be treat it like a 5 pound weight . there be spring within this thing that cause the resistance measure to hit up to 32.5 to 65 pound when you shake it . treat it like the resistance machine you find at a gym , that line do not weight 100 pound but through resistance it sure as heck can feel like it and give you the same benefit . that be say its the company fault for not appropriately designate the actual resistance this thing cause . again its simulation review not perform by real people but simulation be use in everything these day and the company have a very accurate simulation from what I can tell . be careful when use this product and by all means start out slow until you positive you can use this without get injure . oh and do not forget to stretch before and after like you suppose to else you will get injure as with any work out equipment . eat healthier and stay away from fake butters\/margine , whole grain\/wheat , corn , banana , fast food , and believe it or not orange juice will cause you to gain weight . you will lose weight and build muscle but do not rely on any one thing to get you to where you want to be . like other have say if you want to really get into shape use this in combination with other thing or wait until you endurance be up to the 3-4 time a day thing . slowly pace yourself and you will get there .
65	Dumbbell	NEG	2	I find the weight hard to use , the shake motion do not go as smooth as it appear when you see it on tv .
7	Dumbbell	NEG	2	well I must say ... I read a bunch of review and hype on this item from Amazon customer so I go out and buy one . I be very disappointed with it . I watch the video , review the instruction , try it out for 24 hour and be take it back to Walgreens tomorrow for a refund . I feel this one be cheaply make and be rather a joke to try and use . maybe I be miss something here . needless to say , I be go back to walk around the football track and use free weight again . at least I know that work .
750	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be encourage by read the positive review , so I go ahead and order one , think it would be beneficial . I have no idea how anyone could have they arm become sore from this device . I use it 2-3 time a day for 5 day , and feel absolutely nothing . I be not in primo shape by any means , but a 2.5 weight be not go to help most people improve and tone they arm . what a waste of money .
407	Dumbbell	POS	4	assembly be very simple . I see several rack with the same dumbbell capacity with a much higher list price so this be be a good value . plus , I finally get my dumbbell off the floor so my home gym look great !
983	Dumbbell	POS	5	I get my shakeweight today , and I love it ! it work pretty good as well on what it be for . I would recommend to anyone who want to gain muscle !
631	Dumbbell	NEG	1	when i recieve my Shake Weight , it be break . I be not go to bother to return it because after look at it i do not see how it woul ; d work anyway . lol
810	Dumbbell	POS	5	wonderful weight ! exactly what I be look for ! Perfect for P90X and can be change in seconds !! love em ! also love the padding and grip .
358	Dumbbell	POS	5	Easy to assemble . solid as a rock . convenient design for grab you dumbbell . hold pair , from 10-50 lb . good quality at a good price .
982	Dumbbell	POS	5	weight come exactly as picture -lrb- aside from the fact tht the description say teal , but the pic be like sky blue ? -rrb- ^ . ^ ultimately no complaint . I definetly reccommend . also get it with Prime and you get it in a day . seriously .
862	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this thing be complete junk . unless you be virtually incapacitate you will not get any resistance from it . it weigh literally a pound at the most . it make a god-awful annoying noise that you never hear on the infomercial . unless you upper body be so atrophied that you would have a hard time pick up a salt shaker , you be probably go to need a bit more resistance . and if you be go to waste you money on this thing , I would suggest you pick a good pair of ear plug too !
973	Dumbbell	POS	5	I see this on tv the same day i see the Neck Slimmer . no way would I ever buy it from the tv . I go to target , and there it be , for -lrb- ... -rrb- , and I buy it . I go home , put in the 6 minute dvd into my laptop , and use it . I could hardly keep up . I guess I have weak shoulder . I wake up the next morning , with soreness in my muscle of my arm , in tiny muscle that be not often use . day 2 , I do the same thing , and my biceps be more shapely . this be a amazing product ! I belive in this thing , and I be glad I find it at target . I do not like my arm , and nothing seem effective . the shape Weight be effective . I be go to do it every day -lrb- in the comfort of my own home , without a suggestive expression , as the woman on the infomercial have . hide it from my son 's immature friend . -rrb- it be not a joke , it really work . for 6 minute a day , it be surprisingly effective . I do wish it be market a bit differently so that it do not look to be funny , but effective . it work , and do not listen to a bunch of pervert who say other thing about it . it work , it work , it work . I love this product .
320	Dumbbell	POS	5	I do not have a opinion other than my daughter be very pleased with it .
873	Dumbbell	POS	5	the Bowflex SelectTech 552\/1090 dumbbell stand be great . very sturdy and easy to put together . the dumbbell fit perfectly on the stand and the wheel make it easy to move . very pleased .
17	Dumbbell	NEG	1	my Aunt tell that she love this thing . it be a stupid . and , I can not believe I buy it .
538	Dumbbell	POS	5	look , I have see these great tv special on every health product there be I think . I think I would give the Shakeweight a try . Ha , let I tell you this , the man 's Shakeweight will give you a great workout as long as you `` really '' work at it . in two week , I not only feel stronger , but my body be respond to the workout better than most other high dollar equipment . but remember , this be to tone you body and not make you a superman . I be 57 , a avid cyclist , and upper body strength be paramount when mountain biking . I buy my wife the woman 's version and she love hers too . for less than thirty buck , this be one piece of exercise equipment you will want to have in you workout collection . and that be no bull .
398	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy this item and it be garbage . they be no hand grip and the weight slip as you use it . you would be better off buy a hand dumbbell with the weight that you want to work out with .  as see on tv Shake Weight for Men Dumbbell -lrb- 2-pack -rrb-
591	Dumbbell	POS	4	rack be easy to asemble , and be quite sturdy . Easy to grab and replace weight just what I be look for , and the price \/ value relationship make this weight rack a real bargain .
78	Dumbbell	NEG	1	useless . very disappointing product . I try to like it , but find that it do absolutely nothing for someone like I who do even simple exercise on my arm five day a week . I use it several time figure I must be do something wrong , but even after get the hang of it , my muscle do not feel like they be work any differently or harder than exercise such as bicep curl or tricep kickback with light hand weight . this be a waste of money and I throw it away .
291	Dumbbell	POS	5	just like the SelectTech weight the stand be design to hold , this dumbbell stand be engineer beautifully . you can tell they really put think and time into come up with such a clever design . it be tough , take little space , and keep you selecttech weight at a optimal height , far better than have to pick they up from the ground . I would highly suggest this stand to anyone who own the weight .
842	Dumbbell	NEG	2	try this out for a few month , totally not worth it . why not just use a can of soup . it do not do much . probably should be battery operate -lrb- for more resistance -rrb- . give it away as a gag gift .
701	Dumbbell	POS	5	it work great . it take a little while to get use to it , but my flabby arm start get tone and that what I want .
964	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I buy the set , because my trainer have the elite set , which I like . I receive the set damage - plastic be break and plate be off on one of the block . fortunately , Amazon take the set back ; however , I do try the block that be not damage , and it do not feel as sturdy as the elite set . I be surprised especially with all its great review . I end up reordering the 45 lb set instead .
51	Dumbbell	POS	5	my husband buy these for I , and they be great . I mean , what else do you expect from 5-lb dumbbell ? they work for I !
634	Dumbbell	POS	5	very compact so I do not trip over they as I tend to do with other stuff . comfortable grip and cute girly color .
559	Dumbbell	POS	5	why spend a couple hundred buck for a dumbbell rack that do not do anything but hold you dumbbell ? for less than a hundred buck this item be great . it be quick and easy to set up , I have all the piece that it be suppose to have and it do exactly as it be suppose to -lrb- sit in the corner of my garage and hold weight -rrb- . what more can I ask for ?
326	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be very disappoint with the shaker weight . I have be lift small weight and figure this would be a good way to work out and it be hard to use . if you do not hold it just right you do not get the right effect . you be better off spend you money on a set of small weight .
971	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the weight come be a cardboard box that be partly open due to the weight break the cardboard . there be no clamp to hold the weight on the bar result in the weight be unusable in a safe manner .
636	Dumbbell	NEG	2	it be alright for a while when you get it , but I find it boring after a while to use , I prefer bench press over shake weight .
743	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I order four of these . for starter , the handle on the weight have metal shard so watch out or you 'll get cut . as soon as I realize this I take they out to the shop and wrap the handle heavily with duct tape . this will work ok but I certainly do not expect that from what be suppose to be a finish fitness product . also , one of the dumbbell have a loose end . one of the hex head slip up and down about a quarter inch . since it be not worth the trouble to pack these back up and ship they , I 'll just count this one as a live and learn . should have just go down to my local store for this one .
297	Dumbbell	POS	5	the economical answer to bow-flex ... and not make of plastic . I have have mine for five year now with no problem . have work in sport goods in my past I can tell you that steel be better than plastic .
619	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be so excited to buy the Shake Weight after see all those commercial , but now I see why I dont know anybody who own this piecce of junk . I think that it be a battery operate system that move automatically but its not . it suck and be make of plastic . three word people DENISE AUSITN WORKOUT , she have several workout dvd and you can go to target or walmart or where ever and get some 5.00 weight . the only good experience be that I be receive my refund very quick . but I be smart enough to buy that Denise Austin cardio workout dvd in the same order as this shakeweight and im very pleased with it . people , once again dont waste you money on this trash .
916	Dumbbell	NEG	2	Notice description show 3.5 pound ... it weigh 2.5 pound ... submit to Amazon , see if they will correct the ad ... it be not weighty enough to `` burn '' my muscle ... my old hand weight be 4 pound already , so probably why ... be great weight for a beginner child , like age 12 , when first learniing to correctly use to avoid injury
322	Dumbbell	POS	5	after laugh at the commercial , I decide after read the review to give it a shot . seem to work and quickly ! I even have a friend or two try it ... one of they a workout fanatic and all we be impressed !
415	Dumbbell	POS	5	I have be look for a rack to organize we small workout area but could never find something that I think be build well for less than $ 100 until I find the apex rack . this rack exceed my expectation for quality , construction and ease of assembly . and Amazon continue to amaze I with they great service ... I receive the rack in two day and shipping be free . what a deal !
62	Dumbbell	POS	4	I do not find this all that hard to put together . it do come in piece and the instruction could be write better , but it only take about a half hour to 45min to put it together . it be a very solid and steady base and there be no fear of the weight fall off of it . it fit well in a corner so it can stay out of the way . the only drawback be the strap they have be pretty useless . they can not actually go around the dumbbell and the holder that you set the dumbbell into . I have never move it out of the corner I set it in , so it be not a big deal , but if I ever have to move it , there be no way to strap the dumbbell into place .
42	Dumbbell	POS	4	get two 15lb weight and they be wonderful. , over construction feel good and value be very high . only con be that the handle should have rubber grip , they be kinda rough and textured but hurt hand after a while .
600	Dumbbell	NEG	1	order this product around the 20th of January . receive it on the 27th of January . upon open the box there be loose hardware as other have state . I begin try to put the rack together , seem pretty straight forward , however what I soon realize be that the left support beam do not even have any hole drill into the middle bracket . it floor I that this be not identify before packing . I mean , it be not something small , like a miss washer , or even a miss bolt , it literally do not have any hole drill into the bracket . I be at a standstill . after contact Impex I be initially tell a replacement leave support beam would be ship out within a couple of week . a couple of week pass by , no replacement beam , so contact they again , and be then tell that the part be on back-order -lrb- probably because of the miss screw hole -rrb- and it would be the second week in March . I contact they today and be tell that it will still be another three week , that the part should arrive by the 30th of March , which will be over two month later than when I order it . from what I can tell of what be actually there , it look like it might be a pretty solid rack , but buyer beware , since this be come from China there be apparently no to very little qc , and they customer service be very aloof .
673	Dumbbell	NEG	1	poorly make in china with cheap plastic . Broke 5 minute into the first use . very disappoint . I like the idea of the shake bell . Wish to find another brand for this .
555	Dumbbell	POS	5	this rack be very easy to assemble , look nice , and easily hold my dumbel 5-40 lb . it be very sturdy and the sloped design make it easy to pick up the dumbell from any level .
640	Dumbbell	POS	5	nice stand , very good quality . it take I about 15 min to put it together . some of the review make I smile ... it be only in U.S. manufacturer put together a huge booklet how to put screw into hole and people still have hard time to do it . just use common sense , you will not need instruction at all . : -rrb-
283	Dumbbell	NEG	1	my husband order this shakeweight and one end fly off while he be shake it . Springs and little part fly around the room . we try to put it back together , but could not . he do not get enough use out of it to know if it be effective for strengthen .
625	Dumbbell	NEG	1	after 2 month use the Shake Weight 3-4X \/ week I develop shoulder pain , first in one shoulder , then in the other . I discontinue use the product when the pain would not go away and then it start in the second shoulder as well . I be get physical therapy and see a orthopedic shoulder specialist in 1 week . I would not recommend the Shake Weight .
545	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I would never try or BUY THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE no one in CHARGE be PROOFING the ad . it be NOT `` US '' girl , it be `` WE '' girl ...
604	Dumbbell	POS	4	the original set be very difficult to use , the weight stick together and I have to pry they apart . I discover that one of the weight be completely bent which be why that one be SOOOO hard to use . I call Sport Block and they send I new weight and pay to have the old one return to they . they make the return hassle-free which I really appreciate and the new weight work perfectly , the weight do not stick together at all . I do wish I have not have to go through the hassle of have they be so frustrating to use -lrb- before I have they replace . -rrb- I be very surprised there be not a better quality control system in place with the company , but at least they make it right and I be very happy with the weight now .
657	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this product appear to be well make . it be not flimsy and all the part work well together . but that be it for the good news . the handle be make of hard , slippery plastic that make it difficult to hang on to after even the slightest sweat . in addition , the handle be oddly shape , make it very uncomfortable to hold on to with one or two hand . I be not sure what they have in mind when they design the handle . as far as the benefit of use , I can not comment as the machine be just too uncomfortable to use long enough to give a review on this point .
696	Dumbbell	POS	4	first off - get some adjustable dumbbell . they be well worth the investment . these PowerBlock adjustable dumbbell be the only adjustable dumbbell I have use or own , and I love they . they be incredibly easy to use and adjust - it only take a couple seconds per dumbbell . even when my arm be dead tired , I can still guide they back into place easily and change the weight - something that might not work quite so well on other dumbbell . the size of the dumbbell be decent . they be bigger than standard dumbbell , but they have not hinder any of my exercise . I do many different exercise and so far these have not cause any issue for any of they . I think it might become more of a issue with a set that go higher than 45 as the dumbbell would get even longer as more weight be add base on the design . the only problem I have have with these be a very slight one - sometimes the weight below what be select stick . that be , you may set it to 15lb , but the next weight below it may be `` stick '' to it on one side or the other for some reason when you go to lift it out - you just have to wiggle it a bit and\/or hold down the weight that be not suppose to be come up as you lift the dumbbell initially . this do not happen often , and it be such a slight issue that it be hardly worth mention . I believe PowerBlock also recently -lrb- at the time of this review -rrb- come out with some that be very similar to this although slightly curve on the edge . I think those might look a little better cosmetically , as these be just square block . nevertheless , these work perfectly and still do not look too bad either . overall , get some adjustable weight . this be a great set , but if you choose not to get this set , at least get some set -lrb- with good review , of course -rrb- - adjustable dumbbell be just so much easier and more affordable - especially if you do not have a huge exercise room where you can line all the weight up -lrb- if this be the case , and you have lot of money , perhaps just get standard weight to avoid the slight time it take to adjust they -rrb-
739	Dumbbell	NEG	2	I feel tire after use this for 6 minute and definitely feel pain in my arm but I never notice any difference . overall it seem pretty isolate in the muscle group that it work and it be extremely boring and be quickly put away and forget .
376	Dumbbell	NEG	2	#stopwatchinginformercials #latenightpurchase note : this be part of the #hashtag review program : deliver insight on the overall product experience , without the self-entitlement .
386	Dumbbell	NEG	2	from the commercial it look like it run on battery and the resistance be from hold it still ... but Noooo . it be completely manually operate . I be too lazy to use this shake weight .
387	Dumbbell	POS	5	I orginially buy this for my son who keep say how much he want it . . he love and as do i. . I use it just as much as he do . thank you !
5	Dumbbell	POS	5	I purchase the man 's shakeweight rather than the one target for my gender because I have always though the weight that be gear towards woman be far too light , for I at least . 6 minute do the various position with this thing make my arm , shoulder , pec , and lat feel like bowl of Jello . I love it . it be so intense , as stupid as it sound . I have be use it nightly for about a week -lrb- 6 minute , 10 minute break , then 6 more minute -rrb- and have already notice a slight change in my upper body . for those who though this thing have battery and move by itself , I really hope you be not in any sort of position of power or managerial occupation . or parent . anyway ... this be one piece of make for tv hilarity that actually work like they say it do .
59	Dumbbell	POS	5	highly recommend buy this rack to safely store you weight . pick they up from this base , save the chance of pull out you back each time you restack , plus help to take care of the system , which can break if mishandle . very solid frame , and tasteful design .
776	Dumbbell	POS	5	great product and be very easy to put together . this product be a must if you have the Bowflex SelectTech 552 or 1090 dumbbell . contrary to other review , the stand be actually easy to put together and take about 45 minute to assemble . however , you must read the instruction fully before start , and do not tighten any of the hardware until tell to do so in the instruction manual . otherwise , excellent product . I love it !
189	Dumbbell	POS	5	I do this everyday and must tell you at first thought I would give it try . do not like what my arm be look like . after 3 week I see result . I keep the dvd in the player and do it every morning . you think at first it be not really do to much but the last of set on the dvd I feel the burn . love it !
199	Dumbbell	NEG	1	Christmas gift for son , arrive on time and everything go well . the product be use regularly and in the correct instruct way , while during normal use approx . 3 month after delivery one of the end pop off and trigger by the spring it shoot my son in the chest . I call Shake weight customer service number and be tell to take it up with Amazon , even though Shake Weight make and manufacture this product . very very disgusted with the Shake Weight company .
206	Dumbbell	POS	5	First thing first : if you need weight higher than 24 pound , these be not the weight for you , as they be not expandable , unlike most other powerblock system . if you do not need heavier weight , however , look no further - these be the best , most durable , quickest adjust dumbbell you can get . it be a great set for home workout quick change to the amount you be lift , like p90x . I buy these weight as a gift for my wife , and she love they . before these , she be use resistance band for p90x , and since buy these , she have not look back . I have a heavier , expandable PowerBlock set , and try a few other in my search for those . the design of this set be my favorite . the biggest advantage be the speed and ease of switching . there be no internal handle weight that you have to remove and add to make small change , nor be there multiple dial that can take awhile to line up like with some competitor . you simply put the handle into the stack and adjust the bar . the set feel safe and solid , and this be of course more cost-effective and space-efficient than buy set of 3 , 6 , 9 , 12 , 15 , 18 , 21 , and 24 . for someone who be not look to add bulk or lift heavy weight , this be a excellent buy .
560	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the Shake Weight be not what I think it would be . it do not work as smoothly as it seem in the commercial .
954	Dumbbell	POS	5	I receive this stand free with my dumbell . the stand be well build and be a usefull addition to my work out room . the stand be easy to assemble . so easy that my 14 year old child assemble it with out my help in less time than it take for I to take a shower . the only thing I would like to see different on this stand be I would like it to be about 10 inch taller . I be over 6 foot and the stand while still very usable be a bit on the short side . it should be the perfect size if you be in the 5 foot range . still be a bit shour it be much better than store the weight on the floor . the wheel make it nice to move it around when I want to vacuum or just have it out of the way .
546	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be one of the few bad order I have have with Amazon . arrive in cardboard box contain the shake weight loose and the original retail packaging fold up and along side the weight . the counterweight or mechanism be break so the whole thing have to be return . Amazon have excellent return policy and be only one bad incident after year of very very happy shopping experience with Amazon
313	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I purchase the above Shake Weight after finally find it for a really good price . I be excite to take it home and use it to firm my arm . I do the exercise and follow the program from the include dvd for the appropriate amount of time . eventually , I notice nothing be happen !! my arm be tire , but no increase muscle tone or definition . complete Waste of money and time ! do not buy it ... you better off use normal 3-10 pound weight and do simple arm exercise . -lrb- the reviewer be compensate for post this review . however , the opinion state in the review be that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . further , the reviewer independently select this product to review and have no affiliation with the product maker\/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -rrb-
835	Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy these dumbbell as a secondary set to the 5-50 lb . powerblock I buy only a few week before . I like the first product so much that I buy the lighter set so my husband and I can lift together . these be extremely easy to use and surprisingly compact . I go to the fitness store and look at these and the Selecttechs side by side and be astonish by the length of the Selecttechs . in my opinion , that product would not work for woman due to how long the bar be to accommodate all the weight . though this system be a little oddly shaped -lrb- blocky -rrb- it be much more compact and thus easier to manipulate . true , it take a little time to find a comfortable grip for a few exercise -lrb- such as thing behind the head -rrb- but once you know what work for you the system make lift easy .
896	Dumbbell	NEG	1	well , order these from here and they come in prompt . once I open they I realize how much they smell with toxic petroleum chemical . -lrb- look in description it say that this chemical cause birth defect -rrb- so I keep they for a week to try to air they out , but they end up stink up my room so bad that I have put they out in the hallway before my roommate yell at I . so unless you have a good open space\/deck\/balcony where you want to air these thing out I strongly recommend stay away from these . I even wash they with detergent too as these be greasy . . do not help . there be other type of dumbbell that have other type of rubber coating that do not smell . I would try those , but I be so over rubber after these . Amazon have to send a truck here to pick these up . order plain iron dumbbell hopefully that should all be good .
287	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I do not even use it anymore , it just hurt you joint . you do not get that sore feeling like you would from normal weight -lrb- or any normal workout -rrb- so you know you muscle be not get work correctly . yes , my arm be die after use it , but it feel the same just swing it around like that with or without the shake weight .
487	Dumbbell	POS	5	be this a total workout ? heck no ! that say , i think everyone should have one ! and why ? because it be great for the day you do not work out . it be silly , it be fun , and it give you a bit of a pump . for the price , how wrong can you go ? i lift hard 3 day a week . on my off day , i do cardio and shake weight . i give this thing heck for about 15 minute . and i really believe it be deliver some extra cut to my muscle . could i get the same thing with dumbbell that i already use ? sure , i suppose ... but this be different and give I a break from dumbbell . i gotta say , i be very surprise at how much i like this thing . anyone who buy this as they primary workout be go to be disappoint . so just do not be that lazy , and you 'll find this as a great supplementary workout piece . i would not be without mine !
107	Dumbbell	NEG	1	Times be tough for a lot of we these day so I think I would help out by share my thought about the Shake Weight and how you can make you very own . you 'll need a few thing first . gather a old flashlight , one of those hand-held job that take two `` d '' battery . it should not be hard to find . they be in every Household section of every junk Shop in the world . next take out one of the corroded battery and discard it -lrb- appropriately , of course -rrb- . remove the glass lens and anything that could shatter and wrap hell out of the whole mess with duct tape . now ... . shake . yes , that be how it work . you shake it and it jiggle you arm fat until you supposedly become a supermodel . okay , if you do not have access to a old flashlight , I do have a alternative plan thanks to another reviewer . take a can of pea and make yourself a really strong duct tape handle just in case the can should slip out of you palm while you be do all that jiggle . there ya go ! another set you can share with a friend . when I buy this piece of junk at Walgreens the cashier and I look everywhere on the package to see what size battery it take , just in case they be not include . we could not find anything , nor could we find anything say that this work by my simply shake my arm . I own my set for about 20 minute before immediately return they . I do not mind that they do not work the way I think they do , I do mind that by all appearance on the commercial the model be fight back against some sort of mystical force . I see this as clear false advertising . I recommend the can of pea .
594	Dumbbell	NEG	1	one end pop out the spring , make it lop-sided and unable to be use . that only happen after use it maybe a total of 3 time . it be a shame too because it be start to work under my arm -- I could feel it . guess i 'll have to return it now , dang it . not worth the hassle . I should have just get it from the drugstore here , Rite Aid , for the same price . return it to they would be less of a hassle than do it through the mail .
988	Dumbbell	POS	4	exercise with the Shake Weight make you look ridiculous . it be true . but forget about that . the first time you manage to finish the six-minute workout routine , you 'll realize just how effective it be . the Shake Weight be not motorize , however , which many people seem to expect -lrb- even I do -rrb- . you be the one generate the motion of the dumbell . you be the motor . the dumbbell itself be well-constructed and obviously much easier to use and store than just about any other piece of home gym equipment . at only five pound , I do not have high expectation for the kind of workout this thing would produce - but I be definitely please with the result . even after only three week of do six minute a day , I have see improvement . my triceps be more solid , and I be start to get a bit of bicep definition . it be a pretty good feeling get noticeable result from just six minute a day ! the bottom line be that for $ 30 , you do not have to worry about look ridiculous . just try it .
726	Dumbbell	POS	5	sure . this thing do not `` shake '' itself . you have to shake it . of course . that be what it be design for . why would you buy a piece of exercise equipment that do all the work for you ? you would not be exercise then , would you ? while I suppose you could buy a static hand weight and shake it , this have a springy give that actually enhance the exercise effect . the result be a well-designed exercise tool that do not need to be huge or heavy in order to deliver maximum effect . indeed , a few minute shake this thing be exhausting and burn all the right muscle , as it should . you do have to be careful to follow the instruction and use it accordingly . shake it improperly can put unnecessary strain on joint and tendon . so practice before go all out . from what I can tell after use it for two week , it be durable , well-made and easy to handle . I just do not see a down side . add it to you collection of small and efficient exercise machine . I keep it in my tv room and use it whenever I sit down . a few minute of this and I be wear out . well worth the purchase .
772	Dumbbell	POS	5	I actually put this together myself even though the instruction say not too . I understand why once I get start . the piece be heavy and very wobbly until you tighten everything up . once it be together it be great , it hold all of my lighter hand weight and my husband heavier one too . the only weird thing about this piece be the rubber foot . there be ridge on the inside that prevent you from push the foot fully into place . that say you do not notice it once the unit be in place . but when I be move it around the foot fall off a couple of time and it be difficult to lean the thing on it side and gingerly put one on at a time . still , I do it and the product be great .
469	Dumbbell	NEG	2	I do not like it . it be not as it appear I really thouht the weight move by itself . I can do the same thing with my regular hand weight
727	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I have try out the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell . they seem very cheaply make . the plate be plastic . they be sometimes difficult to place back into the rack ; they have to line they up just right to put they back with the other wieght . this be difficult to do when you just work you arm to complete failure . they be very long even at smaller weight setting so they might hit you thigh when you be try to do arm curl . when do heavy dumbbell bench press most people like to balance the dumbbell on end on you leg so you can `` kick '' they up into place . the Bowflex dumbbell be not shape properly on the end make this awkward . it could also create a safety issue if the dial be bump and accidentally get turn . after search for the perfect dumbbell I decide on the Ironmaster Quick-Lock Dumbbells 5-75lb from ironmaster dot com . another better alternative to the Bowflex be the Powerblocks . but the Ironmaster Quick-Lock dumbbell will give you the look and feel of real dumbell , the stand be include , and a lifetime warranty . I love mine !!! -lrb- the Ironmaster Super Bench be awesome too ! -rrb-
912	Dumbbell	POS	5	it be a workout build the stand but I love it . the stand pretty much save my back during p90x super set . I should have buy it earlier . bring it !
997	Dumbbell	POS	5	in the process of set up we little home gym . get a treadmill and these be the first set of weight we purchase . they be so much better than the free weight in gym . the material be solid but have a nice rubber like exterior that be very comfortable to hold , do not cause callus skin on the palm or finger -lrb- major problem I have with the gym 's free weight -rrb- , and they be also sweat absorbent to some extent . the last feature be crucial because it avoid the weight from slip during workout . admittedly these be light weight dumbbell so the chance of they slip be much less . I wish these be available in slightly higher weight category as well . I check several store and they say that these be only available in the lower weight , I guess till around 20 lb or so .
984	Dumbbell	POS	5	assembly be pretty easy and only take about 20-30 minute . May need a socket wrench to help tighten some of the bolt . set up the dumbbell on the stand be easy and the dumbbell work great on the stand . I would recommend to anyone who get the SelectTech DB 's to definitely get this stand .
334	Dumbbell	POS	4	like everyone say , these be good weight . they feel nice in the hand , give you good grip and comfort when do lift behind the back , etc. . however , be careful to purchase 2 , as these be not sell in pair . for some reason , one of the picture include in the item description show 2 dumbbell which give I the impression that it be 2 for the price . while the cost be not bad for a quality product like this , I be definitely surprise that it be a single dumbbell and not a set . of course , it could just be I who be the dumbbell . good lifting all ...
899	Dumbbell	NEG	1	there be a reason that exercise gadget like this one be a billion dollar a year industry . none of they work , so they keep make new product . you do not lose weight , and get tone , rip etc. , with a gadget . you do it by work hard . which you can not do with this product . buy a real weight set instead .
849	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be surprise to see this item have positive review . I be happy that it apparently do work for some people . however , in my opinion , it be just another gimmick . shake you way to more muscular arm use something so light ? yes , you might feel something -lrb- and be careful that it be not pain due to injury that you be feel ! -rrb- but you can do this type of exercise use just about anything of the same weight -lrb- whether it be a water bottle or a can of soup , etc -rrb- . I do try this product and , personally , I recommend good old fashion push-up instead . specifically tricep push-up if you be aim to work on toning\/defining that `` under the arm '' area -lrb- below you biceps -rrb- . you have three different muscle in you tricep area -lrb- thus , the name , as `` tri '' mean `` three '' -rrb- . it be not logical to use a light weight dumbbell and `` shake '' you way to definition\/strength of all these muscle . nose crusher and dip be a few other exercise that be great for the triceps . this area can be a problem area for both man and woman but from my experience , more woman seem to be bother by it . dip would be perfect for woman who do not want to develop a more `` bulky '' appearance as you use you own body weight against you while nose crusher would be best for man as you can use the weight of you choice and keep increase it as you progress . -lrb- please note : dip be a common exercise , as be Nose Crushers , but Nose Crushers MIGHT be know by a different name by you personal trainer -rrb- . of course , tricep push-up be very effective for both sex . one of my main reason for be unhappy with this product be the very high risk of injury that can be cause from do these exercise . not just the chance of pull a muscle , but it also increase you chance of head , neck and shoulder injury -lrb- which take forever to recover from -rrb- . tricep push-up , dip & nose crusher be excellent exercise for the tricep muscle that do not have a high risk of injury to any of these area -lrb- with the exception of nose crusher - if you do not have a spotter and do drop the barbell on you nose , well , like the name of the exercise state , you nose will be crush ! -rrb-
23	Dumbbell	NEG	1	not only do I get the impression that it be battery operate , appearently a lot of other people think the same thing . the card enclose with it for FAQ say in part `` unlike the impression create by the rapid motion of the device , the Shake Weight be not battery-powered-the user generate the movement . the internal resistance etc. . I certainly would not have order it if I have know that .
411	Dumbbell	POS	4	buy it for my gf and she seem to love it and you can tell she arm be get less flabby by the week ! great product recommend for any woman try to tone up she arm and lose the flab !
475	Dumbbell	POS	5	the dumbell set be perfect for begin weight user and\/or for light weight . the rack be easy to assemble and the weight themselves be ergonomic and comfortable to use .
620	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I recently start a work out routine which require I to work with a different level of weight through different segment of the work out . I want to save room -lrb- and money -rrb- so I purchase this set . I be so excited about it because it appear to be exactly what I need . however , my excitement turn to disappointment as soon as I put these weight to work . First of all , it be not as easy to change out as I hope it would be . I be behind in my class because I have to fiddle with the grasp while make the adjustment . it be not slide in and out as easily as it should have . second , the grasp actually start to pull itself out as I be do bicep curl ... bicep curl for cry out loud ! Third , the product be shaky and flimsy . as I be lift and work , the weight do not feel secure and would click and clack against each other . when the time come to do some overhead triceps extension , I put the weight down and use another weight instead . I do not feel safe put this thing over my head . heck , I do not really feel safe have it anywhere near my body . I purchase this item because it be affordable compare to other adjustable weight I have see on the market and because it have get such good feedback here . I scrimp and save to buy these bad boy and they turn out to be bad toy . I return the product and stick with regular dumb bell . maybe I just get a bad , defect set , but either way , it be a bad and disappointing experience .
159	Dumbbell	POS	5	I officially kick off my effort to work out with this Altus set of dumbbell , and I have to say , they be great . I be definitely a beginner , and do not want to go get a gym membership and be surround by strange people , so I think I would just lift some weight at home . to be honest , I do not even know what Neoprene be when I start look and my only exposure to dumbbell be PE class as a kid where the weight be metal . these be great !! they be coat with this rubberized material -lrb- neoprene -rrb- . they feel good , they just do not slip , they do not smell at all , and they be not cold and hard like metal weight . have no idea weight could be so pleasant to use . I do go through these very quickly . from 3 lb to 5 lb to 8 lb and now I be ready for more . on the positive side , work great and I be stronger in a week ! 8 lb be definitely enough if you just want to tone you arm , but I be on to even bigger one such as 15 lb and 20 lb , but I be stick with neoprene . highly recommend these , great purchase !
669	Dumbbell	NEG	1	we buy a pair of the 8 lb weight . in we workout room , we set the weight on a ledge that be paint . we have two other set of neoprene weight that we buy from target a couple year back and have no problem do this . these weight stick to the paint and pull it right off the ledge . so we put a mat under they . next ... they stick to the wall when they get too close . luckily we have more paint to touch everything up .
119	Dumbbell	POS	5	do the job . do not take up a lot of space . hold all my weight and be located for easy access during workout . what more do you want .
87	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great product . I do not receive the cd with the dumbbell , but be sure it would help to have that . however , I have be use it and have wonderful result . L.
905	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this product be horrible . it do not do a darn thing other than make the fat in you arm jiggle . I try this product accord to instruction for several week and see absolutely no improvement . as a woman in my 20 's who spend three year as a personal trainer , this thing be useless . buy a set of 5 pound weight . you 'll save money and actually get result .
937	Dumbbell	POS	4	this be not a bad price , and it come with a dvd to show you different way to use it and diffferent excersize technique but after about 3 month I get tire of it , just like any other work out equipment . I do not see much progress and I use it about 3-4 time a week but if you be the kind of person who work out 2-3 time a day 5-7 day a week this might work better for you . it sure do make my arm sore so I be sure it do something !
385	Dumbbell	NEG	1	unbelievable that any company would even think of sell one weight by itself . you have two arm , right ? keep in mind that these weight be totally overprice if you account for the fact that the price be per weight -- so multiply it by two . not worth it .
241	Dumbbell	POS	5	I have search all over the place to find 4 pound dumbbell 's with no luck . the only drawback to this be that it be not sell in a `` set '' , you be pay for one dumbbell alone . I purchase two of they and also purchase something else so I could qualify for the free shipping . I be very pleased with my purchase !
577	Dumbbell	POS	5	in spite of the mixed review , I decide to take a chance on this rack give its reasonable price . I be very pleased . it arrive in perfect condition , have very sturdy construction and could not have be easier to assemble -lrb- 20 minute from unpack to dumbbell stack -rrb- . the one negative that I will point out be that you can not adjust the distance between the horizontal bar on the respective `` shelf '' . my iron dumbbell fit perfectly , while the neoprene dumbbell be not able to straddle the two bar that be mean to keep they from fall off the shelf . I intend to drill new hole that will allow I to adjust the distance , but it would certainly be better if the manufacturer could change the design to make this adjustable .
2	Dumbbell	POS	4	it seem to work some muscle that be not work before . limited amount of way a person can use it . I find a few more way I could use it that be not on the dvd . I think the price be to high , price of $ 29.95 . it be price the same locally but by buy it from Amazon I save on the shipping and tax and it be deliver to my door . price for it will probably go down after a while . over all I like it . down side be it ` s limit use .
706	Dumbbell	POS	4	much better and safer than lift off the floor . very stable . must have with the Selectech Dumbells . Hurt my back lifting of the floor . this stand have correct that problem . dumbell should come with this stand !!
913	Dumbbell	POS	4	nice set of weight . one of the dumb bell come with a strange yellow sticky material on the end that I do not notice until I have open the package and place on my mat . it leave a stain that can not be remove . I have to wipe down the weight but other than that , I have a pleasant experience .
582	Dumbbell	NEG	1	just toss this piece of c -- p in the garbage !!!! what a waste !!!! spend the extra money on a better brand .
655	Dumbbell	POS	5	consistent with other hex head dumbell . good grip . arrive in good shape , so to speak , and in a timely manner . I plan to return for the next higher weight in a few month .
148	Dumbbell	NEG	2	Shake Weight sound great but I be not so sure that it be worth the money spend . seem very stiff . not at all as advertized .
707	Dumbbell	NEG	1	do not buy ! only 1 dumb bell . it be not a pair . I do not care what the quaility be , if it be not a pair it do not serve the purpose . buy 2 make it too expensive .
130	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this thing be a huge disappointment . after the initial silliness of play with it , it be not a practical device that anyone would use , and I do not know if anyone else have this problem but with two week the spring come loose inside and the whole thing literally fall apart in my hand . not worth the money -lrb- even as a joke -rrb- to buy something that fall apart so quickly . poorly make and customer service be horrible to deal with . the joke be on anyone who buy this . if you give they you money , that be you problem .
370	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I can not believe I buy this , it be completely useless for I . I go to the gym regularly , so I know what to expect when they claim it `` dramatically '' increase muscle activity . it do not make my muscle feel `` on fire '' , and I be by no mean a hard core weight lifter . I do follow the video instruction , but it be no better . overall , the product be make of what feel to be a cheap plastic material and the movement of the weight inside be not smooth as you would expect . I try use it a couple time but give up ... it be now sit somewhere in my garage . I should have buy a normal pair of dumbbell .
361	Dumbbell	POS	5	I order these while they be out of stock , and unexpededly receive they in only a couple day !! the stand be in perfect condition . Easy to assemble . I weigh the weight on my bathroom scale - the 8lb be 8.2 , the 5 's be right on 5 , and the 3 's be 3.4 . at least each pair be the same weight !
815	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be a total waste of time and money . I buy it hope it would actually build muscle , but it do nothing other than make I feel bad about spend $ 30 on a piece of plastic .
442	Dumbbell	NEG	1	first , my dumbbell do not fit on this rack ! they be neoprene . also , the hardware provide do not fit . the nut have little rubber stopper that prevent the screw from be tighten . big dissappointment . return today .
257	Dumbbell	POS	5	before I purchase this rack I have DONE RESEARCH ON OTHER SIMILAR RACK that be more expensive and did not look as good as this one . when I purchase this item I think it be one of those cheapy rack that I would end up REPLACING in no time but once I receive it and see the quality of material this rack wa make of , I be BLOWN away by the FACT that I get a great deal for a very great price . the SHIPPING WAS very FAST and I even receive MY ORDER A COUPLE DAYS before the actual ship date . fast processing . I would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM NOT ONLY BECAUSE of it be PRICE BUT BECAUSE IT will last you for a very long time . it be ALSO very stylish that 'LL give your WORKOUT ROOM A BETTER LOOK .
260	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be a joke . it do not move smoothly . there be no `` weight '' to it . I do believe my large tomato juice can do the exact same thing as this . . and be heavier . if this work for someone . . congratulation . however . . buy a $ 1.25 can of juice . . and save some money for better result if `` tone '' arm be what you search .
162	Dumbbell	NEG	1	move 2.5 lb around be not effective -lrb- unless you 10 -rrb- . step up to the man 's to get the job do .
699	Dumbbell	POS	5	this rack be perfect for the at home gym . it hold a good set of weight and be strong . the way each level be set back make be much easier to get the weight off the bottom rack . I be very pleased with this product .
293	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be a BIG disappointment . as soon as I get it out of the box I repack it to return . do not waste you time and money !
109	Dumbbell	POS	5	the comparison I want to start the p90x program and need a set of dumbbell that would not clutter my small apartment living room . prior to purchase the PowerBlock Classic , I read many review on Amazon.com for other adjustable dumbbell as well as this one . I even go to sport store -lrb- Sports Authority and Sport Chalet -rrb- to try they display model . Sports Authority carry the Select Tech -lrb- 50lb adjustable one -rrb- and the Gold 's gym set . both be problematic . I instantly know the Select Tech dumbbell from Bowflex be poor quality when I pick it up . only one of the dumbbell I could pick up because the other be break ! I have use the Bowflex 90lb version my brother purchase and those be much better quality and work fantastically except with the huge setback of SIZE . they be enormous and cumbersome to lift , often clunk together . the Gold 's Gym dumbbell involve a troublesome slider pin that I could not get use to . I come across a few other similar dumbbell with this pin mechanism and most of the pin get `` stick '' . finally , I come to the PowerBlock Classic . the review the PowerBlock Classic be simple , odd-looking , but excellent . I be scare the magnet\/pin lock mechanism for these dumbbell be weak or fragile -lrb- it really do not look like it would hold -rrb- but boy be it sturdy ! for the other reviewer who warn of the danger of misplace pin , I say that it be not a problem ! the pin snap into place so you know that the pin have be properly put in . sure , the pin can get awkwardly stick into the other slot if misplace but as soon as you try to `` snap '' in the pin , you 'll know you have it in the wrong slot immediately and you can correct for this . I have be use these dumbbell in intensive move and slow move and at all sort of angle with no worry of a pin slide out . these feel very solid with no rattle whatsoever . also , I love that the size of these block be relatively the size of you standard gym dumbbell in term of length so that the dumbbell do not clunk together during a bicep curl . I also love how fast and smooth switching plate can be with these because unlike the Bowflex SelectTech and some other dumbbell , you have to `` fit '' the plate into the other plate . -lrb- just imagine that the underscore be empty spot for a plate and the | be plate . | _ | | -- | | _ | with the SelectTech you have to match the plate back into it be exact spot which take a fairly steady hand to do quickly . this be a slight nuance that I get annoy of but may not be a problem for you . -rrb- with the PowerBlock you simply stick the whole thing into the middle of the remain plate which make it very simple and quick for swap weight . the PowerBlock dumbbell be very comfortable to use with a soft grip so you do not need glove . the extra handle I do not really use but they could come in handy . you can even use these dumbbell as push-up stand since they be that sturdy . conclusion i buy these from Sport Chalet for $ 300 + tax which come out to something like $ 330 so that I do not have to pay for a huge shipping fee . I highly recommend that you get these if you want a set of space-saving adjustable dumbbell . I would say these be the best on the market in agreement to another reviewer .
110	Dumbbell	POS	5	we receive the dumbbell quickly after order it . it be in excellent condition . my husband begin use it right away for he physical therapy follow he rotator cuff surgery do in August , 2011 .
697	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I guess I be the idiot . none of the ad say it be power so why do I assume it be ? it be a dumb bell you shake . and a little awkward to hold on top of that . it weigh a little less than 6 lb . a pair of 3 lb dumbell would be better for a lot less .
309	Dumbbell	POS	5	I just buy these Bowflex dumbbell weight and the Bowflex weight rack . I love they both ! they be easy to put together and be a great set .
171	Dumbbell	POS	5	great purchase and it be exactly what we be look for the box be a little worse for wear and we be miss a washer but have one on hand so it be no big deal . nice durable rack .
644	Dumbbell	NEG	2	do not find the Shake Weight to be helpful . the spring be too stiff and the weight be too light to get any shake motion . it only function with the user arm in a horizontal position in front of the body . I do not find it helpful for any purpose .
605	Dumbbell	POS	5	I recently order the PowerBlock Classic Adjustable Dumbbell set from Amazon . I have be look for a set of adjustable dumbbell and do quite a bit of research on the various product out there . the Bowflex SelectTech and PowerBlock adjustable dumbbell set seem to be the most discuss product , by far -lrb- there be set make by other manufacturer that I do not consider -rrb- . aesthetically , the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell look more like `` normal '' dumbbell to I than the PowerBlock Adjustable Dumbbell set , which look clunky in picture due to they boxy form factor . initially , I figure I would purchase the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell . fortunately , there be a Sports Authority near my house that carry the SelectTech dumbbell and I be able to test they out in person . even though the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell look really nice , they form factor be actually quite wide , which I think might limit some people 's range of motion when perform certain dumbbell exercise . they also feel really cheap to I . the `` unique injection-molded plastic '' coating on the dumbbell do not feel durable and the dial feel flimsy . who know ? I be sure there will be those who swear by they . I have never own they ; I only test they out for 15 minute in the store . after my experience test the Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell , I go back to the draw board and start do research on the PowerBlocks . in general , the review that I find on Powerblocks be very positive , although they boxy form factor still look really odd to I . the price tag on the classic powerblock dumbbell set be a bit less than Bowflex SelectTech dumbbell , which be a immediate plus , but I do not have the luxury of test they in the store . that say , I be able to find several helpful powerblock review on YouTube that give I enough information about they to feel comfortable buy they without test they . so I order the classic powerblock set , which go from 5 to 45 pound , enough weight for what I do . Amazon ship this product out to I in a timely manner and so far I have no regret . out of the box , these dumbbell be ready for use -lrb- no assembly require -rrb- . there be a one-page instruction manual that come with they -lrb- explain how to use the magnetic selector pin -rrb- . all in all , these dumbbell feel really solid . although they look really boxy , they actually feel very natural unlike the SelectTech dumbbell , which be so wide . unlike the SelectTech dumbbell , which require you to turn four dial to set the desire weight -lrb- two dial on each dumbbell -rrb- , the PowerBlocks only require you to slide in a magnetic selector pin to set the weight on each dumbbell , which make it faster to change the weight as a pair -lrb- two `` click '' as oppose to four `` turn '' -rrb- . I should say one thing about the magnetic selector pin on the PowerBlock ... it take I a little while to get use to it . when it be set properly you will actually hear the magnetic selector pin `` click '' into place . the pin actually work great ; it just take I a few time to get the feel . that say , if the selector pin ever break , you can purchase a replacement pin for $ 10 dollar through PowerBlock . who know what would happen if you break the dial on the Bowflex SelectTech ... although you do not need to buy a stand for the PowerBlocks -lrb- I buy the tray -rrb- , you should at least use a flat surface to change the weight -lrb- hardwood\/tile\/concrete floor would probably be fine -rrb- . I find it be hard to change the weight on carpet . the tray , however , help and be a relatively cheap docking solution . overall , I be extremely satisfy with the PowerBlocks . they seem very solid , and I believe that they be a great investment overall .
854	Dumbbell	POS	5	this weight set be both easy to use and excellent industrial design . I have use this set work with a personal trainer . when I decide to buy my own set , this be the top choice . reasonably price too .
64	Dumbbell	NEG	2	there be nothing I hate more than push-up , so I get this . I notice other people like it . I now find something I hate more than push-up . I guess shake weight be not for everyone .
36	Dumbbell	POS	5	I have gradually acquire a fairly good set of these weight . I like the flexibility of buy one or two at a time of whatever I happen to need , as my ability increase . the weight feel good in my hand , and the different color make they look like fun .
392	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I receive my shakeweight for man wioth a video show a large man start to shake the weight , to get it `` start '' -lrb- as they say in they ad , and the weight appear -lrb- like in they tv ad to continue shake at like 100 m.p.h. and you just hold it and the inertia take over ... THIS be SNAKE OIL ADVERTISING ... total b . . the shakeweight do NOT continue shake at all , not in the leaset . this be one of the biggest scam , I have see in many year , next to Bernie Madoff . I be not get the refund -lrb- from they -rrb- as they advertise so heavily - -lrb- I use my credit card - so my credit card company have issue a chargweback so I get 100 % of my money back - except for the return shipping cost -lrb- which they so profoundly advertise that they will pay -rrb- - however this be a complrete scam-the tell you to mail you receipt for you payment of return postage to a 2nd address -lrb- different from the return shipping address , and they say they will mail you a refund check ... bs - have not happen . do not fall for this snake oil scam THEY SAY THIS PRODUCT do everything -lrb- it do NOTHING A 5 LB DUMBBELL WO not do -rrb- and they say you will risk `` nothing '' , but you risk every penny you spend PLUS the return shipping cost ...
637	Dumbbell	POS	5	I have some neck and back issue . I find this weight easy to use . you can shake it at you speed , fast or slow . build muscle back up . the 30 min video have a decent range of motion and will help stretch you out . it do make you sweat and a couple of the movement on the 30 min video be harder to do . it will teach you some balance and coordination as you use it , because you shake and move at the same time . you do not just sit and shake it LOL . to be effective ... it have a 6 min upper body video and a 30 min video that be for total body movement . it combine shake weight move with traditional move . alternate 6 min easy daily video with 30 min -lrb- 3 time a week -rrb- and a walking or other activity routine would be optimal . you should also watch what you eat . shake a weight will not help you reach you goal alone . but I feel this be worth the money . I have see they range btwn 15 and 20 buck . they also have one be various color now . it be a useful and relatively easy tool to have for re-strengthing yourself and get off the couch .
468	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the direction be pretty bad . and as someone else say the screw be very hard to tighten . they have a plastic stopper inside the bolt that you have to break through and its really tough on you hand if you use the hex wrench they supply . of course you would want to tighten the screw well because it be hold a lot of weight . my main complaint be the wheel it come with . I buy this for the sole purpose of store it somewhere and wheeling it to work out with . the wheel be terrible and make of cheap plastic . they do not spin because the weight of the stand and dumbbell . so essentially i be drag it across my wood floor , make it pointless . I will have to try and find real caster that actually roll ! if you plan on not move the stand then it be a decent , although any solid surface would hold the weight . if you have the room to be store they stationary not sure why you would even need a specific stand . this certainly be not a small space safe stand . a solid table would take up about the same space and cost way less .
332	Dumbbell	POS	5	not much to say really . the price be definitely reasonable and to have it ship right to the front door be nice . when I need heavier one , I will come back here . : -rrb-
445	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I go to mall and try it . it be kind of fun . right away I come home and get a bottle of water ... who know , it work the same !! just make sure the water have to be very very full . I fill up to half of cap . and you know what ? you can even do two hand with 2 bottle at the same time . it be free
837	Dumbbell	POS	4	I like this product because it offer exactly what I be look for : better tone arm . pro : + it be inexpensive . this be not overly expensive and be a single unit . yes , weight be cheaper as a single unit but you 'll need more the stronger you get . + six minute workout . this come with a six minute workout that will kick you butt the first time you use it . it be not the most entertaining disc in the world , but it be effective . + both my wife and I can use it because it be up to the individual as to how hard you want to work . I can shake it harder and faster , while she be weaker so she do not use it as vigorously . + can go on trip with you . because it be a singe unit you can take it anywhere . con : - no chance to increase weight . it would be nice if the end detach to change out the weight . - only work you arm . if you be look for a total body workout this be not it . - it be somewhat noisy . I would not do this during a orchestra concert , but it be not horrible . if you spouse be `` sensitive , '' though , you might want to try something different . this be a pretty good product . I like it a lot and it be increase my arm muscle mass . it do not work miracle , but what exercise product do ?
609	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a excellent product if you want to feel you muscle burn in you arm and upper body in a very short time . you have to learn to not grip the Shakeweight tightly . just let it rest on you palm and shake . there be not that many position for hold it . but then how many different way can you hold and move a dumbbellt ? so start shake and count to 30 . if you can get to 30 in each position , you be do pretty well . if you can count longer , you have get really strong arm . when you hold the Shakeweight in front of you parallel to you body with both hand , you actually work you entire body include you leg since you be shake you entire body . enjoy it ! the Shakeweight be definitely a excellent product and worth the price . and you can feel the heat in you arm for quite some time after you complete you set . it pump you up .
91	Dumbbell	POS	5	-lrb- 1 -rrb- the price be right , I check other source and Amazon be the best . -lrb- 2 -rrb- delivery be as promise -lrb- 3 -rrb- the product be as advertise -lrb- 4 -rrb- it only take a maximum of less than 10 minute , and you feel like you have have a full upper body workout . -lrb- 5 -rrb- it take a little get use to , but real soon , you be do it like the instructor demonstrate on the dvd .
305	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the shipping for this item be quick which I always appreciate . however , the product itself be a waste . I think I would really enjoy use this dumbbell , but I just do not . I feel like I could have do the same excercise with a regular dumbbell or any item with a little weight on it . this be a complete disappointment . believe I , I try to convince myself that this thing be work and worth invest in , but in the end , it be just ... nothing .
248	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this product be too light to really be of much use as far as result be concern . guess if you do no physical activity it might make a difference .
54	Dumbbell	NEG	1	yes , it may say `` dumbbell '' and not `` dumbbell . '' I read & order too quickly . however , the Valeo be sell as a set for the same price . Order those ! sad about my mistake and Cap 's marketing of this item . I will order the other dumbbell as return this one would be expensive . but , this will be my last Cap purchase indeed .
858	Dumbbell	NEG	1	like a few other reviewer , I neglect to read the item description very carefully . there be one dumbbell in this order , not two ! beware ! this be very misleading . as the reviewer mk say , I would not have purchase only one dumbbell for the price ... I guess I be the dumbbell now -lrb- yuck yuck -rrb- !
401	Dumbbell	NEG	2	so far many of the review have be from people who have own the system for personal use . I do not dispute that the system be well suit for that . however for the past year I have see they appear more frequently in hotel gym . the benefit to the hotel of course be that it take up very little space . the problem however be that it just do not hold up well under heavy use . at every hotel where I have find this in use , all of they be damage and therefore unusable beyond a certain weight level . the problem seem to be that the lock key bend . I suspect this be a result of someone incorrectly insert the key and force it through , cause it to warp . once the damage be do , there be no way to correct it short of take it to the machine shop and bend it back into shape or buy a new set of key . so if you be someone who be put in the position of choose something to put in you hotel 's gym , for you customer 's sake , DO NOT choose this device . either get traditional free weight -lrb- no move part therefore nothing to break -rrb- . or get something like a iron master .
959	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be one of those product that will collect dust ! I find it very difficult to use as direct and be concern that I could hurt myself with it !
436	Dumbbell	POS	5	I do not know how we move we Bowflex SelectTech weight without this stand . the wheel lock so it be solid when you do not want it to move .
345	Dumbbell	POS	5	not much too say other than this be exactly what I expect . it be a solid platform for hold the SelectTech dumbbell . it have a small footprint , be very sturdy , and look nice too . on a side note , not sure why so many reviewer complain about the instruction . maybe nautilus have update they recently , but I find the instruction very easy to follow -- not nearly as complex as some of the ikea furniture I have put together in the past .
775	Dumbbell	POS	5	I buy these when I want to start work out again . call on my past excuse -lrb- the gym too far , take too long to get there , in , out , and back , et al -rrb- , I know the most effective way to tackle that be to bring what I could to I . also , I live in a apartment so any and all concept of build a actual gym , couple with the fact that I do not waltz around lighting cigar with $ 100 bill , lead I to find a solution . and that solution ? powerblock ! while obviously not provide a full gym , you can do a lot with free weight and cheap weight bench that you can tuck away somewhere . not only be these effectively cheaper than buy a entire set of weight , they be not incline to punch a hole through the floor , annoying my downstairs neighbor and eliminate any hope for my security deposit . they can also be easily stow away behind the couch , under the desk , or wherever you can fit two 45 lb dumbbell . the one and only complaint I have for they be that they do not have a 2.5 jump -lrb- 22.5 , 32.5 , etc -rrb- but they can do 7.5 . I know I be nit pick here but it be nice when you be push to not have to jump 5 lb . also , you can max they out fairly quick with thing like press make it necessary in no time to throw down for the expander set . other than that , though , they have be the best fitness investment I could make ! if you or anyone you know want to find a easy solution to bring the gym home , I would recommend these over any equipment out there .
807	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I have have this for about a month and use it maybe 15 time before today . the 16th time I use it it come apart !!! now it be worthless .
730	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I be happy to read the other review of this product , but when it arrive , I have to wonder if the company have change hand - or manufacturer . the box seem well-packed from the outside , but the first thing I notice when I open it be that the cardboard and plastic container that be suppose to hold the small part have break open . the piece be everywhere . it be a miracle none slide out of the box . this be not a catastrophe , obviously ; it be just the first hint that there be no care take in packaging . the larger metal piece be loosely roll in bubble wrap and tape once or twice , then throw into the box where they could slam into each other during shipping . most of the metal piece be scrape and scratch . unlike the photo show above , there be letter on each of the rack upright . not surprisingly , the `` a '' in `` APEX '' be miss on one of they . again , not a disaster from a usage perspective , but I do not have a basement , so whatever rack I eventually choose , it will be in my living space , so detail like this be not unimportant . this just show a further lack of attention to quality . last , but definitely not least , I take a look inside one of the upright as I be put it away . it be rusting . it also do not feel as heavy\/sturdy as some of the other reviewer describe , so again , it make you wonder if it be the same equipment as they receive . needless to say , it be go back .
496	Dumbbell	POS	5	after read other review , I be concern this would be difficult to assemble . maybe they have improve the instruction , but I find it very easy to put together by read the instruction . I think there be two key to make it go smoothly . 1 . do not fully tighten the screw at first . they should be just loose enough to have some room to move to get everything in place . once it be assemble , then tighten everything down . 2 . use a socket wrench with a ratchet . use the hex wrench to hold one side in place and use the socket wrench to tighten . the proper socket size be list in the instruction , but I think it be 9\/16 '' . it only take my about 30 min . to get it fully assemble from the time I open the box . it have be a huge improvement when do p90x to put the dumbbell in easy reach to adjust and pickup to minimize down time between set and avoid risk of injury from pick they up from the floor each time .
237	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the shake weight produce a slight burn after you use it , but it should not replace a dumbell set . man and woman would have toner and stronger arm if they invest they money and effort into a set of dumbell . even just a pair of dumbell at a comfortable weight allow you to do more excercise than the shake weight due to the shake weight limited motion . I beleive the majority of the people that rate this item so high be because they have never actually use a pair of dumbell before in they life , thus they think the shake weight be a effective piece of equipment , which be really be not . however , use the shake weight be better than do nothing at all , and minimal result be better than no result at all .
355	Dumbbell	NEG	1	as see on tv ! how can anything with those word proudly emblazon upon it be in any way disappointing ? I begin by shake the weight as recommend . Shake it with the left , shake it with the right , do the hokey pokey and shake it all around . initially I be impressed that I could now work out at home and not have to bother with nasty thing like squat , deadlift , weighted dip and pull up ... everyone know that lift heavy weight be poor exercise . besides , what if a barbell fall on my toe ? Shakeweight be safe and effec -- ummmm , be I suppose to be lose muscle mass ? never mind ... I be sure it be still a great product . I will , however admit that it fail to make my arm any stronger or ` more tone ' . by this point I have almost give up ... but I figure one more try ; sometimes you have to innovate and find new use for a product . I tie the shakeweight to my -lrb- male part of anatomy that we pee out of -rrb- and proceed to shake , shake , shake ! now my -lrb- it be the dirty part I can not use the word -rrb- be huge like a elephant 's trunk and could easily punch out a mugger ! thank-you shakeweight !
295	Dumbbell	POS	5	Amazon do it again , great price great product . Pretty easy to put together as long as yo have have you own tool .
728	Dumbbell	NEG	1	in all the commercial it look like this have some sort of gyroscopic device inside and once you start it move , then you resist the movement it have inside . I have ask several people since I receive this and they all think the same thing . no , it be just something you shake back and forth . you could do the same thing with a can of bean . how stupid ! I would send it back , but do not want to waste the postage .
38	Dumbbell	POS	4	I have be use this product for about a month now and I definitely get a decent work out each and every time . I have not make leap and bound as I be still develop form and technique due to the off shoot mechanic of the product . I immediately recognize two fault or area for improvement . the first fault be that my hand slip while use the product because the surface be too smooth . the second fault be that the work out dvd while effective be too short and basic . the product could be improve significantly by add some abrasive texture to the handle and extend the dvd to include a advanced work out or additional exercise .
493	Dumbbell	NEG	1	awesome , just open my package to see only one weight . I do not see that it say sell as each , so that be my fault , but the low rating go to the price point . I go with these because they be cheaper -lrb- only by a few dollar -rrb- then the other set , but those price be for 2 . should have go with those , now I have pay double what those be just to get a complete set . the price really be not worth it for these weight - not to mention it seem a bit like false advertising .
512	Dumbbell	POS	5	do not get it the day after I order it , but it do come in a reasonable amount of time . the rack work great and it be nice and sturdy . for the price you can not beat it .
479	Dumbbell	NEG	2	I get it , use it , do not really work . it make sense when I see the infomercial , but when I get it , I realize that no one can ever get `` buff '' use it .
440	Dumbbell	NEG	2	full disclosure : I be a woman , but I buy this version because the review be better , and supposedly this version be sturdier . I lift weight to build strength , to tone , and to charge my metabolism . I use barbell at about 35 pound , maybe 40 if I be feel it , and a 50 to 60 pound kettlebell , just so you have a idea . my arm be not that rip , but I be curious to try this product anyhow . it be a little tricky to use , but frankly you either get it or you do not . it really be a matter of master keep you hand still so it can work you arm -lrb- supposedly -rrb- . yes , it do create a sort of tension in the arm near the bicep , but it be a strange feeling . it be not a `` I just shred some weight '' tension , it be a `` my muscle fascia be really tight '' tension . I have keep the rest of my weight routine the same and I have not see any difference . honestly , I think this product be probably just a fad . I do give it two star because it be sturdy ; I have drop it and it do not break . but skip this one and stick to real lifting .
611	Dumbbell	POS	5	I agree with the other review ... this work great ! my upper arm have become more and more flabby over the year , and within just a few week , I see a shocking improvement . I also do the 6 minute workout daily -lrb- because of the positive result , I be very motivate to keep do it -rrb- , and mostly while watch tv , since it be a easy routine to remember . I also take it on vacation with I , since it do not take up that much room . I have see the absurd comment about it be suggestive , but honestly , do not most excercise look silly when you be do they ? this work great , and I be convince to buy it because the main site offer to not only return the purchase and shipping price , but pay for return shipping if you want to return it .
580	Dumbbell	POS	5	I just receive they last evening and they be exactly what I expect . the 3 lb . increment up to 24lb be perfect . they be just the right size for a woman . in comparison , the Bowflex and Selecttech 's be too big and cumbersome for I . these be perfect . they be compact and do not take up much room at all . you need to be attentive when put in the pin . there be a top side and bottom side to the gray pin-bar . I have find that when insert upside down the plate do click together and the pin handlebar fall out . other than that minor note , I love they ! as one review state , you can hear the plate click together when lifting , but I find that when the pin be insert properly and the gray bar be snug to the frame there be no or very little noise . if you do not want any noise , I suggest get dumbbell . quite frankly , I be more focus on get through p90x than a little bit of noise !
834	Dumbbell	NEG	1	go to use for the first time and it fall apart . try to fix but do not work the same . very poorly make or get a faulty one . would not recommend to anyone .
412	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this item do not shake as well as I would have expect , or have like it to . it be a great idea , but mine do not seem to shake properly , or enough for I . I would like to try a different brand to see if it be more shakeable . overall dissatisfied with the quality .
999	Dumbbell	NEG	1	hus my wife and I have be try to get the shakeweight to shake . maybe we need practice or help . we be just look for a tool to wake we up in the morning with a little exercise , so far no good . so far its similar to shake a heavy piece of wood . where be the shake ? we would love to hear from someone who know 's how to work it . be there a trick to activate it . we do realize it do not shake by itself , but once you start it , be not it suppose to continue shake ?
513	Dumbbell	POS	5	I love have a full set of freeweight in the size of one pair ! just gotta be careful when you be switch weight because if you have the clip on a diagonal it get dangerous and awkard . overall it be great !!
813	Dumbbell	POS	5	I have have these for about a month now and they be a great space saver in addition to be a very sturdy product . major use : I get they to use with Chalean Extreme from Beachbody and it work really well as the program go from one exercise to the next - it be a very quick change and I have no trouble get use to they . Range : I have always be physically active and I find this range of weight be fine for I as I do not anticipate ever go higher than 25 pound for upper body . my lower body can handle a little higher technically but I do not feel the need to get the higher range of this product . I prefer have the 2.5-3 pound increment as I find that there be a big difference with what I can lift when do a bicep curl versus a shoulder press for example . . if you be try to decide between these and the 5-45 pound , what make my decision be that 90 % of the exercise I do will be adequately supplement by up to 25 pound . for those few exercise where I want heavier I could always just get a adjustable pair with a couple of plate that go between 25-40 and that would be fine . but for right now I be get a perfectly good workout with this range . grip : love it . it be hard for someone like I with small hand to find dumbbell with a good grip . noise : someone say something about a clank sound , there be a minor amount of that but nothing I would have notice if I have not be look for it . I have use the spin lock adjustable dumbbell for year and those make noise too as you go up in weight ... I think that be just the nature of add on plate . I really have find no flaw in these . if you be use carpet I would recommend get the tray ... I be use hardwood floor so they be fine as be for I . I usually just put they up on my table when I be work out so I do not have to bend down so much .
347	Dumbbell	POS	4	first the stand be necessary addition to the Selectech weight . it be attractive and useful . the direction be poorly write but the picture will guide you properly . the bolt be very difficult to screw in use the tool so have a socket set -lrb- socket must be deep -rrb- and good hex wrench available and you should have no problem .
286	Dumbbell	NEG	1	when I receive the apex rack , it have obviously be use . everything be out of the packaging , and be rewrapped lazily and quickly . all of the bolt and washer be loose in the box , and some be suprisingly miss . the rack be scratch and dent , probably since it be use previously . I buy this as a new item , but it be not even close . very disappointing .
792	Dumbbell	POS	5	if space and simplicity be top priority , this be the set . I have gym equipment in the garage that be bigger and more ` manly ' . this set set in my closet and get I to do a few quick shoulder exercise ever few day . I find they to be plenty solid . in fact they be much better than the ` dial a weight ' set that I have try at hotel . and , if I can get sufficiently motivate while lift these , I will actually go to the garage and do a more serious workout .
191	Dumbbell	POS	4	even though we order this a few week ago , we just put it together . it be larger than I think it would be . I do not pay attention to the measurement -rrb- it be easy to assemble . the only complaint that I have so far be that we be miss 2 washer .
416	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I will not argue that use this product will give you muscle fatigue\/burning when use . do that mean you be go to get rip result ? absolutely not . my friend stupidly go out and buy one of these . he use it religiously every day because it tire he out when he use it . I use it once and could not help but laugh at the product . the fact that people believe this product will give you rip muscle , as this product be market , be laughable . every review on here harp about the burn they feel after use this . guess what ? hold you arm straight out and move they in small circle for 60 seconds will give you more a burn than this ever will . go do that for 10 minute a day and tell I how `` rip '' you get do it .
515	Dumbbell	NEG	1	be look forward to use this product , it do not do what be suppose to . the shake be very limited and it jam at random interval .
242	Dumbbell	POS	5	Great use they all the time . they be really useful for work out with . I like how easy it be to put together and it look neet in my bedroom ! THEY be the bomb
676	Dumbbell	NEG	1	I purchase this think it be a set of 2 & its only one i be so piss off . who sell 1 dumbbell . waist of time & money !
70	Dumbbell	NEG	1	Pretty crappy product . the quality be very poor which be practically plastic . the only way to get it to work the way they advertise be to go so fast on it that you tire out before you see any result . in the long run it may become useful but you have to be in already great shape to reap any benefit from it . truth of the matter be that those who be already in shape rarely would utilize something like that . I would definitely think twice about buy this unit .
409	Dumbbell	POS	4	I order these as a gift for my boyfriend . I do not order the stand that be suggest . they arrive 3 day after I place my order without pay extra for expedited shipping . con : they do make a little noise when use they . pro : compact , reasonable price , great for a beginner , easy to use , stand be not need if you have a hard , flat surface to place they on . this set be too light -lrb- 24 pound max -rrb- for my boyfriend to get a really good workout . I know they would be light for he so I that be why this be not a con . the more appropriate set for he be out of my price range . I would like to order the next set up as well as the stand , but I have to wait until I can save up the money . other than be on the light side for the boyfriend , we be happy with this set .
