index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
572	Flashlight	NEG	1	what a waste of money . this be not a lead light , and do not come close to the performance of a lead light at half the price ! guess we be pay for the name and the lifetime warranty . this one will easily last a lifetime , sit unused in a drawer . buy it for my medical career wife -lrb- she like purple -rrb- but it be clumsy for she to turn on , concentrate the beam , then turn off with one hand . buy she a 99-cent tear-drop shaped keychain lead light on a whim and its perfect . brighter and easier to use , replaceable battery , and 1\/7 the cost . I really expect more from this company , but both this light and they customer perspective be obsolete . no complaint with the quality of construction . solid aluminum and o-ring as usual . just have the minor flaw of cast a weak and scattered beam , way below the performance of modern led technology . the light be yellow and full of shadow artifact that prevent a clean illumination . not a good buy ; do not repeat my mistake !
2	Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy this flashlight after see all the advertising for Maglite . what a disappointment ! it be small and put out maybe 20 lumen of light , if that . the lumen be so low that Maglite never even list the lumen on any of its product , unlike its competitor . this thing might make a decent booklight but that be not what I buy it for . for the same price at this over-hyped , underperformer I could get a flashlight 5x as powerful !
971	Flashlight	POS	5	I be buy this as a replacement for the one I have . the new light be a better light than the one I have . my battery fit in this light better . the quality be great . if you need a long lasting and great quality light buy this one . I be very happy with this light . I have the drill and 2 battery plus the charger . the light help when work outdoor and in dark place . this light be very bright and the battery last a long time with out have to be recharge . need light this be it .
650	Flashlight	POS	5	this maglite heavy-duty 6-d cell flashlight be seriously massive and can serve double duty as a impose defensive weapon . I give this to my father a few year back because he be live alone in the county and in a area prone to power-outage . he be also a very big man and make a quite a impression when hold this in a threatening manner , so we figure it would dissuade any casual intruder . the quality of this light be outstanding , with a heavy metal body that be make even heavier when you add the 6-d cell battery . the beam be powerful and adjust from tight beam range to floodlight by twist the top , which make this very versatile . highly recommend ! CFH
162	Flashlight	POS	4	sturdy product like I expect . light be not at bright as I think it would be but still very good
402	Flashlight	POS	5	this lamp have be engineer to withstand abuse . it be a very basic flashlight , except for the heavy duty construction . have stand the test ot my two year old , who want he own flashlight .
544	Flashlight	NEG	2	the Mag-Lite Solitaire be well design and well make but simply be not bright enough . however , if all you use a flashlight for be look for you key under the seat of you car or assist with read menu , it may be ok . it have a sleek design , and it be appeareance will not draw attention on a keychain . it function like any other -lrb- large -rrb- minus mag light , by twist the end where the light come out to turn it on and off . Change the battery by unscrew the other end . a spare bulb be conceal within the end cap . pro : - it be small . - it be well make , with all component fitting together smoothly , and a clean simple appearence . con : - it be just not that bright . some of the newer led flashlight be of a similar size but much brighter . overall , I would have to give this one a pass , unless I develop a fetish for small , well design gadget -lrb- like watch , watch be SOOO cool ! and miniature sextent , those thing be sooo neat ! -rrb- . ok , so I have this fetish , and this would explain why I have a Solitaire in my toolbox .
502	Flashlight	NEG	2	I have have two of these and they have be nothing but a huge disappointment . within several month with both light , the internal contact begin to get corroded and I have to take the light apart to clean then in order for it to work . I have to repeatedly do this every few week . I also have brand new battery on several occasion leak within a very short period of time in both light . the light be always keep in the house and be never expose to adverse weather condition . I be guess it be some type of reaction with the type of metal use in the light since battery from the same package work fine and never leak in other device . these light appear sturdy and well construct , but they lack of reliability be very frustrating and both of mine eventually go in the trash and I would never buy another one . when you need a flashlight in a emergency and it tend usually not to work , it be very frustrating .
33	Flashlight	NEG	1	I go through 6 bulb in 4 month !!! the Surefire g2 be my weapon of choice now : d at least 4x brighter and it be smaller .
156	Flashlight	POS	4	good and sturdy clip . take a bit to get use to it and i guess to break they in a little but a good buy .
567	Flashlight	POS	5	what else can I add to the grow great review for this product ?  all I can say be that this be one of the best flash light I have ever use . I like it so much that I buy two of these : one for work and one for my car .  i work the night shift . I use the work one often . it be bright and very solid . the size be just about right . it be not too big like its larger brother , but just big enough to feel secure while hold it .  a great value ! if you be look to buy a flashlight , look no further . this be the perfect one for the home consumer .
596	Flashlight	NEG	2	I have a 3-d cell and a 2-aa lead maglight as well as a 2-aa regular maglight . my complaint with the 2-aa maglight , whether lead or regular bulb be that they do not hold they charge . I have keep both 2-aa maglight in my car , and barely use it , yet the battery get drain . the 2-aa maglight be not good with battery life when you have it store for several month . I have also store my 2-aa non lead flashlight in my house , and same problem , the battery get drain and I barely use the darn thing . but I guess that be why the maglight be so much cheaper than say streamlight or the other high end flashlight . the 3-d cell lead maglight however be great , battery life hold when store in the house for month , and when use it it do not die on you and keep its brightness .
99	Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be worth the price . it be well make and durable . I would definitely recommend this to a friend .
24	Flashlight	NEG	2	I do not know what annoy I more the fact that I pay 10.00 for the bulb , or the 10.00 shipping charge . if that be the type of vendor that sell from you sight I will think twice before use Amazon again . I do not mind a person make a profit but that be not only excessive , but sneaky . not fair , I feel that I be have ! Live and learn . Ray
461	Flashlight	POS	5	for a small flashlight , this one be great . it be significantly better than the non-led version of the same light . the light output from this light be clean , focusable , artifact free , have good color and be about 5 time brighter than the non-led version . the light still support `` candle mode '' too . the flashlight be about 1 '' larger than the non-led version . light output be fairly consistent and strong for a over 3 hour . it be definitely worth buying .
715	Flashlight	POS	5	it be just a flashlight , no big deal , but it be PURPLE and it be a maglite . I have four of they in different size , and I have never have one fail .
490	Flashlight	NEG	2	maglite name use to stand for quality flashlight . i purchase 2 cell C & D flashlight and they only last for a year . i suppose for 15 dollar that be not bad . still i would rather not have to replace they with anything from mag intrument
957	Flashlight	NEG	1	purchase this small led flashlight to try out for a all around toolbox , glovebox , field inspection light . I currently own two original 2d cell maglite and they be excellent , both 5-6 year old and great shape . I purchase the genuine Maglite LED upgrade kit for both of they and be very satisfied . Have have the same d battery in they for 1-2 year and they be still put out great light , so excellent battery life . for the small 2aa light , first the pro : the aluminum housing be solid , same quality as older maglite ; the lead light be actually brighter than my 2d lead maglite and i actually prefer the 2aa light as it be whiter , and if the control work well i would buy more of they ; the size be perfect . for the con : the control make this a very annoying product ; the twist on\/off be fine , but one small bump or a small twist of the front and it shift from high to low or to flash mode . twist control fine , but when you pick 100 % on it should stay that way unless you intentionally change it , not change with a mild touch . when inspect a building with colleague the last thing I want be a flashlight to start flash like poltergeist . I personally would prefer just on\/off , or on 100 % \/ on 50 % \/ off . the flash light and SOS mode for I be unneeded ; the 25 % mode be too dim to be useful , i would recommend 100 % \/ 50 % ; nextly , the end battery cap do not stay on tightly . my old maglite have to turn hard to tighten and they stay that way . this battery cap loosen easily and then actually switch the mode -lrb- 100 % to 25 % to flash -rrb- when it be loose ; lastly , i do miss the on\/off switch find on the 2d light . final word : frame quality , great . brightness , great . just need the old Maglite rock solid on\/off control . user tip : I actually put some white teflon plumber tape inside the thread of the battery cap and it stay much tighter . I also put teflon on the inside on\/off thread and it be harder to twist , so it do not switch mode by itself so easily . not sure how long it will last but worth a try .
294	Flashlight	POS	5	I just get this aa Mini Maglite package with a 3d lead mag at Home Depot . I be look for the 3d when I find this 2 pac . man be I glad I do . this aa minus mag be FANTASTIC for a small light . I compare it side by side with a TERRALUX Lightstar 220 , rate at , you guess it , 220 lumen . unbelievable ! I aim each light at the top of a 30 ft. tree , about 100 ft. away . both light illuminate the tree top , but the Mini mag really define the branch clearly . the Terralux just kind of light up the area at the top of the tree . this Mini mag have a Cree XPE # 106 bulb in it and be far superior to the upgrade lead bulb available at Amazon for under $ 9.00 . if you have a old Mini mag , that be a good upgrade to extend battery life . do Yourself a Favor and buy the latest version aa Mini Mag as well . you will not be sorry ! the only thing that I do not care for be the extra mode . besides the 2 brightness level , there be 2 Blinky mode . one just blink on and off , the other emit a Mores Code SOS . I would rather just have 2 light level mode that I could switch back and forth . I also would like a tail switch so I do not have to fool with the focus every time I turn it on . maybe I 'll look for the tail switch replacement that someone else mention . I still rate it 5 star because it be a fantastic light . the only reason that I do not buy this light on Amazon be because I be not really look for a new Mini mag . I could not find the the 3d with the 131 luman rating that I be look for on Amazon . like I say , the add bonus of this aa Mini be a unexpected surprise ! bluwolf
263	Flashlight	NEG	1	I must have have just plain bad luck on the two flashlight I order . the other customer review be very good . on one flashlight I be able to insert the battery and screw on the tailend , but I notice there be no spare light bulb as be promise . the other flashlight I can not screw the tail part on despite all my effort . I will have someone stronger than I try it , but this should not be necessary .
563	Flashlight	POS	4	I like this light but it have one major flaw with the large opening : -lrb- I buy this for light painting photography this dose not do its job for light painting photography because its full beam have this weird jelly fish look where as I need a clear full strong beam of light : \/ but for see in the dark or anything else I be sure its amazing . just do not get this for light painting -lrb- maybe pay a extra 10 $ for a better one -rrb- .
837	Flashlight	NEG	2	product arrive on time as advertise with no problem . ship be outrageous . I do not note it at the time and would not have order if I have of notice . that be my fault . for $ 10 shipping I would have think that it would have be hand deliver within a hour . they make good money on that one .
534	Flashlight	POS	5	these flashlight mount bracket be make of some type of plastic , it must be kryptonite because my first set be very old and be still in service , they never wear out . need a second set for a different area and I be glad the product have not change .
332	Flashlight	POS	5	I have 6 of they and one in my car . I give one to my mom . I tell she you use to hit someone over the head if you need to lol I tell she also if there be ever a fire use it to brake out the window with it . one of mine be at least 13 year old . sure you be spend a little more for maglite but they last for ever . I have drop mine from about 30 foot the dam thing still work great . this week i pick up 10 pack of d battery with spring come up and bad weather .
1	Flashlight	POS	5	we be stand around a campfire several year ago and someone ask to look at my husband 's Mini mag Lite . when we friend be return it , we joke , `` do not throw it in the fire ! '' well , guess what ? he toss be a little short , and into the fire the mag Lite go . as we stand there try to figure out how what to do next , the mag Lite simmer in the hot coal . when we finally extract it from the fire , my husband turn on the switch , and to we utter amazement , it still work ! sure , the plastic disc at the end be completely melt away , but the metal casing be totally intact and the flashlight still work perfectly ! how many flashlight can do that ??
513	Flashlight	NEG	1	3 week ago , I contact Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-d flashlight , in which the switch fail . the customer service rep ask I for my serial number , which I give she and she assure I that I could get a replacement switch . I give she my name and address and she say that a shipment have just go out , and it would be in the next shipment . that be fine with I . day turn into week . still no part . more day go by . still no part in the mail .  hmmmm . be this how long time customer be treat ? I previous own a variety of they flashlight , from a AAA Solitaire to a 5-d flashlight , at least 5 in total . my dad have purchase in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , start in about '86 when someone else turn he onto Maglites .  customer support be as important to I as the product itself . have customer support become a casualty of a tough economy ?  this long-time customer will have to look at alternative the next time he be buy a flashlight .
721	Flashlight	NEG	1	this maglite have its glory for the past many year ; that be before the LED era . let it go and get the lead version . the incandescent lightbulb for this maglite burn out fast , and it be not bright at all compare to the lead version . maglite should have stop manufacture this a long time ago . they be still in production because many folk do not know anything about the newer lead technology that be available today . let this sucker r.i.p.
231	Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be extremely strong enough to fight with it can be consider as a weapon . in fact i like it soo much as i buy this item and the red one also . recommend
353	Flashlight	NEG	2	it be a maglite , so you know you be get a solidly-constructed flashlight . what I be expect be a maglite that be much brighter and whiter than the traditionally-bulbed one I already own . I be disappoint in this regard : the led be not as bright as I expect , and the beam focus ability be much less than I be use to for a maglite . it be a decent flashlight -- just do not expect it to be that much better than the original one . if you do not own a maglite already , you might want to get the lead version . if you already have one , though , I would not bother replace it with the led .
896	Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy three set of these . Broke one side of one clip pull out the flashlight two day after install they in my jeep . I have two more set so I change out the broken one . same deal when I pull out the flashlight and break the other of the first set two week later , and replace it . consider the price I just chalk it up to poor manufacture . yesterday i pull the flashlight out and break the side off of another one . I will remove these clip from my jeep and look for something more dependable . I want to mount a light in my jeep , rv , and my truck , but these clip be way too brittle to be dependable . I have one brand new set still in the packaging but I will not be mount they anywhere . I expect a lot out of my tool and maglite make a very high quality , dependable flashlight . I be disappoint to see this quality do not extend to this product . the plastic be too brittle for this use .
243	Flashlight	POS	5	Unreal , fantastic , unbelievably great just be sure to order a Replacement Lamp in case unintentionally contend and battery pack -lrb- additional -rrb- note this be a Halogen flashlight
425	Flashlight	NEG	1	it cost about 80 cent to ship these anywhere in the state via postal service , yet rfbdirect seem to have a flat rate of $ 7 . they must be lunar base . also , these be garbage bulb anyway . for the price of a Dewalt tool , you would think they could make a better bulb !
450	Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this flashlight , it come quicker than I expect and work perfectly . it do not come with battery , but it require standard d size battery .
320	Flashlight	NEG	2	I have own a variety of high-end flashlight over the year and at one time work as a Sheriff 's Sergeant in a major metropolitan area . in that line of work a bright flashlight be a tool of the trade , and be carry at all time , even during the day .  a belt holder for a flashlight should keep the flashlight securely attach to the belt and allow the user to rapidly deploy and replace the flashlight with a minimum of fuss . it should allow the flashlight the freedom to swing and swivel to accommodate sit in a vehicle and\/or ride a snomobile , atv or similar conveyance . this belt holder only accomplish the first objective . while it do hold the flashlight securely , it tend to bind if one attempt to remove the flashlight without use a second hand to hold the ring perpendicular to the flashlight body and a second hand be require to hold the ring perpendicular to the flashlight body to return the flashlight to it be holstered position . the ring also have only limited freedom to allow the flashlight to swing forwards and backwards to clear obstacle and vehicle steat and saddle .  for casual use this product be ok . but for professional use , the product 's single-axis swinging ring design detract from it be usefullness . if you be serious about a flashlight holster , buy one of the all-leather product that have a ring that be soft and compliant and hold itself at 90 degree to the belt ring . these can be obtain at a police equipment supply .
755	Flashlight	NEG	1	a mag be to a flashlight what a hudson be to a car -- a great product in its time , but not something you would go out and buy today if you want to take advantage of what new technology have to offer . instead , take a look at some of the new led base flashlight , or the xenon\/led combo light make by streamlight -lrb- call `` TwinTask '' -rrb- . for most purpose you will get vastly increase battery life and a much better white flood light -lrb- while use the LED 's -rrb- and and with the TwinTasks still have the option of a high grade incandescent light for the time when you need more `` throw '' .
39	Flashlight	POS	5	we son purchase one of these mag light from another company and rave on it . I want one for Father 's dad and do not have much time . it arrive 2 day before Father 's day and I be thrill to have it wrap . look forward to many year of use .
460	Flashlight	NEG	1	both my wife and my electrician manage to break a pair of these . unless you be really careful when set the light in place , they give away . it be the cheapest of plastic and do not take a beating .
666	Flashlight	NEG	1	say it be a lead in spec . it be a xenon bulb . not happy about this . I specifically order it because it be lead . I already open it which you can not do without wreck the packaging so I be out of luck .
639	Flashlight	NEG	1	these light be old technology , and run inefficientyly . there be light out there 1\/4th the size and throw out 50 time more light .
100	Flashlight	POS	5	I have be use some form of the DEWALT 12 volt flashlight for the past decade . as I find the DEWALT 12 volt drill a excellent choice for residential & commercial electrical work , the dw904 pivot Head Flashlight make for a perfect companion for you lighting need . it also provide a handy load to fully discharge the drill 's ni-cad battery allow they to recharge to maximum efficiency ! a great supplementary device for all ! Update : my DEWALT flashlight take a accidental tumble from 8 foot high and a hard crash to a hardwood floor . Thought sure it be a goner but the unit come up shine bright ! tough little mama !
221	Flashlight	POS	5	I could not imagine my life without this flashlight -lrb- and a Leatherman -rrb- . when I work as a occasional camera assistant on commercial and film , the maglite be the perfect size for check the gate , cleaning equipment , or even walk around in dark forest look for the lead actress . I will take some paper tape and wrap it around the tail end of the barrel provide a soft grip that my tooth can sink into . all too often I 'll be in a awkward position , reach back with my right hand to the holster , whip out the torch , twist it on , and stick it into my mouth in one smooth motion . each torch come with its own replacement bulb , conveniently `` hide '' in the tail spring . it be so well insulate that drop the maglite onto hard rock while run will not break the spare -lrb- though the current bulb may not fare quite so well -rrb- . there be also professional -lrb- and online do-it-yourself -rrb- conversion to replace the bulb with a gallium-based led bulb , the kind that never burn out , be thrice as bright , and use half the battery power . you can use the standard white color , or red or dark green led for `` night-vision . '' I have not do this yet myself , although there be no fear of make a mistake . I own a silver , blue , red , forest green , and dark blue aa lite , a mini-mag aaa for the house\/car key , and a d-cell large maglite for check around the house , or keep in the car on long trip . you can twist off the head , expose the bulb entirely while it be `` burning . '' this be call candle-mode . by hang the light from the tail loopholder , you can have a omni-directional light that be bright enough to put away equipment under . several of these string about brighten the room even more so . if you be into focus pull , I use this for critical focus , should the need arise . have someone hold the torch in candle-mode by the subject , and you can focus on the filament for a precise setting . these thing be heavy duty and be not make of joke material like plastic and rubber . the mag be the way to go .
410	Flashlight	NEG	1	after purchase this item online , i go to wholesale store like costco and i see that a mag instrument pack of 1 big torch -lrb- a size -rrb- and 1 -lrb- aa size -rrb- torch just cost around $ 13.99
911	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great flashlight . the head can be position any direction and it be durable . I have three of these for my shop and car .
811	Flashlight	POS	5	this be the first time I have buy this battery stick from a source other than Galls . my original battery that come with the flashlight last approx 3 year . since then I have be re-order from Galls and have have to replace the battery every year . I have hear the supplier they get theirs from be sub-standard so I decide to switch and get this year battery from Amazon . so far so good , only time will tell ...
81	Flashlight	NEG	1	Yea if you want to buy something at walmart , its ok . if you be order online , you can do WAY better . ok I be sorry . seriously these thing be bad . they be solidly build on the outside , but they suck . I have break 2 or 3 . I can not really find they all , but trust I , they be break . I just try fix one , and guess what ? I do fix it . then I spray it with some silicone and the reflective coating on the REFLECTOR MELTED OFF . WTF ??? really ? I know these be a couple year old , but honestly . thats just crap . also the black plastic piece around the bulb melt too . the one that say `` DO NOT remove . '' I have to remove it to fix the switch and now its melt . I spend $ 20 on a Cree q5 flashlight . -lrb- akoray k-106 -rrb- order it from Dealextreme . it 'll take 2 week to get to you , but its worth it . 3 programable mode -lrb- brightness , stobe , blink , `` s-o-s-o '' mode -rrb- put in a 14500 -lrb- li-ion aa shape battery -rrb- and enjoy between ~ 5-200 lumen . http:\/\/www.dealextreme.com\/details.dx\/sku.16607 -lrb- they claim its a 6 mode , its really a 3 -rrb- tight on budget ? look up the Ultrafire c3 . 70-80 lumen and $ 10 . http:\/\/www.dealextreme.com\/details.dx\/sku.1993
234	Flashlight	NEG	2	positive : \* build like a tank \* reliable \* well design switch  negative :  \* extremely poor beam quality -lrb- full of hole and ring , yellow-brown beam color -rrb- \* old technology -lrb- do not use a luxeon star lead bulb -rrb- \* very little usable sidespill  overall : for a $ 20 ` ish light , its fine for the average person that be satisfy with a mediocre flashlight . however , the excessively poor beam quality -lrb- yellow beam that turn brown as the battery dim , plus ring and hole in the beam -rrb- and mediocre sidespill really take lot away from this outdated flashlight .
852	Flashlight	POS	5	receive the order ahead of expect time , accurate and in order . thanks for the good service .
588	Flashlight	NEG	1	3 week ago , I contact Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-d flashlight , in which the switch fail . the customer service rep ask I for my serial number , which I give she and she assure I that I could get a replacement switch . I give she my name and address and she say that a shipment have just go out , and it would be in the next shipment . that be fine with I . day turn into week . still no part . more day go by . still no part in the mail .  hmmmm . be this how long time customer be treat ? I previous own a variety of they flashlight , from a AAA Solitaire to a 5-d flashlight , at least 5 in total . my dad have purchase in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , start in about '86 when someone else turn he onto Maglites .  customer support be as important to I as the product itself . have customer support become a casualty of a tough economy ?  this long-time customer will have to look at alternative the next time he be buy a flashlight .
795	Flashlight	NEG	2	I have four mini-led maglite -lrb- three 2aa , 1 3aa -rrb- , two 3d lead maglite , one 2d lead maglite and a few non-led 3d\/4d maglite in various color . I use to buy nothing but MAGLITE flashlight . however , unlike the non-led maglite , the more expensive -lrb- minus -rrb- lead version have all-but-one fail over time . I have not have much trouble with the bigger light , especially the non-led version . all but one of the mini-maglite led flashlight that I have have develop weak connection or corrosion after a year or more . I start see the light go off randomly while use it . shake it help for a while , but eventually I be smack it on thing to get it to come back on . after a while , I give up . the battery do not seem to drain evenly , one battery can drain to the point that it leak all over the inside of the light , while the other be still over 90 % capacity . happen more than I like . the only mini-maglite that still work for I - I have to pry out a battery from it today . mag research probably have great customer service , and they 'll remove leak battery for you , fix stuff if you send they the light . but for something $ 20 or less , it be not worth it for I . I just throw it in a part drawer in case the one mini-maglite I have leave need a spring or something .
256	Flashlight	NEG	1	I be shop for a lead flashlight . I do not get one . the review under this item describe a lead flashlight . I think that the item be lead , so I order it . read very carefully as the review under this item be not for this item . it be very misleading .
187	Flashlight	POS	5	it ship fast , it be exactly what i expect do not relize it come with battery nice supprise , package well , the light be a true maglite flash light . its strong and will do what i need it to where i need it to
668	Flashlight	NEG	1	these be cool once , but by today 's standard the light output be very poor . my surefire and Arc flashlight be much brighter , more robust and a fraction of the size .
607	Flashlight	NEG	2	I have carry a 2aa mini-mag for over 12 year . for the price , its a good light . BUT , with lead technology become common , this light be become outdate . on the positive side , the mag 2aa be a well build and reliable device . however , the beam quality be very poor . its not that bright to start out with , but worst yet it lose brightness very quickly and turn brown as the battery decrease . the beam be full of hole , ring , and blemish no matter how much it be focus -lrb- adjust -rrb- .  have say that , one can buy a lead conversion unit from Opalec and install it on a new mini-mag . the Opalec conversion unit provide steady brigtness for 10 hour and turn a mini-mag into a state-of-the-art compact flashlight . I have a Opalec unit on my Mini-Mag , and I no longer use the standard mag bulb -- the standard mag bulb be junk in my opinion  even with that say , there be much better compact flashlight available . the Pelican m6 led be shorter in length than a mini-mag , and yet be so much brighter with a superior beam -lrb- pure white beam that stay white as the battery be depleate -rrb- .  if price be you sole concern , the Minimag will get the job do , but at a mediocre performance level -lrb- compare to more modern design -rrb- . the Minimag be a reliable and well build light , despite its inferior optics . for the price , its good enough to give a moderate recommendation . if Maglite upgrade they design and offer led , I think that will really improve they beam quality .
989	Flashlight	NEG	2	I would have give this product 4 or 5 star until I read a certain review on this site . I be very happy with the performance of my dw904 12-volt until it go dead on I a week ago . just as this reviewer I speak of say , `` oh I 'll just replace the bulb '' , but that do not do it . think that maybe the switch go bad I take the light apart and bypass the switch but still no light . I promptly throw it in the trash in disgust because I really have not use it that much and I never abuse it . even so I plan on buy another dw904 think that mine must have have a defect , but now after read that another person have have the same problem with he , forget it . I 'll probably order a Milwaukee flashlight for I have recently purchase they cordless 14.4 to replace the noisy 12 volt Dewalt I have . -lrb- the one that the flashlight come with -rrb-
69	Flashlight	POS	5	nice rechargeable flashlight . extra bulb inside light . long lasting powerful light . pivot head , let you put the light be you want it for hand free operation
325	Flashlight	POS	5	we live in a southeastern U.S. city that lose power a few time a year , due to nor'easter s , severe thunderstorm , tropical storm , you name it . I keep a hurricane kit with a couple lantern flashlight and a few of THESE . -lrb- and oh how I wish Maglite would come out with a lantern-type flashlight that balance on a tabletop very easily -rrb- . just this week , we be without power for two day -- and I go to target and buy two new maglite to supplement the three I already have . the weight and heft of these can not be beat . dh work night , so it be just I and my 6yo dd at night . I keep one of these under the kitchen counter at all time . as I like to say -- it be part flashlight , part weapon . the electricity come back on a few hour ago , and the first thing I do be carefully put the Maglites back in the hurricane kit in the hall closet . of course , I put one back under the kitchen counter . then I come here to Amazon to order some replacement bulb for the hurricane kit . I do not like sit in the dark , so I need to be ready for the next outage . just want to be sure the replacement bulb be in the house when we need they . oh , and as evidence of how much I trust Maglite -- I keep a mini mag in my purse . Friends scoff , until that flashlight guide we through a very dark parking lot in the middle of a nature camp where we be attend a scrapbook convention ! small maglite make awesome stock stuffer . I 'll be send dd off to college with a couple of these one day -- one to keep in she dorm room in case of emergency , and one to keep in she car .
28	Flashlight	POS	5	the superior lite for a guy or a gal . it never let you down at any season .
702	Flashlight	POS	5	this light be awesome ! with 40,000 candlewatt power it will light up you entire room in you house when the power go out-which we here in Raleigh have experience a lot in the past few year . with 1000 recharge possible it pay for itself over and over . ca not go wrong with this one !
473	Flashlight	POS	5	these hold extremely tight . I hang flashlight vertically and only use one clip per flashlight . it be plenty secure .
12	Flashlight	NEG	2	I rate this item a two , because when I receive the ITEM IT NEVER TURN ON . since it be not work I decide to RETURN the item and get my money back . the RETURN WAS not a problem at all I get refund on the total amount I pay .
264	Flashlight	POS	4	this be a quality product , I have be in possesion of a maglite for only a couple of week but within that time it have display great durability be run over twice by a tractor and be regularly drop . it also come in handy for light thing up apparently .
257	Flashlight	POS	5	a quality build flashlight make here in the USA . at a great price , from Amazon with free shipping . will not be lose or misplace this one with the size that make it easy to find when store under the car seat . with the 6 d-cell the light be very bright , and should provide good light after be store for a length of time . I highly recommend this mag-lite . MAGLITE S6D016 Heavy-Duty 6-D cell flashlight
970	Flashlight	POS	5	Maglite flashlight battery replacement be the correct battery and I be very satisfied with the price and shipment .
869	Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy one of these several year ago and it break within a couple of month . a couple of month ago I decide to try again , within 3 week it be break , never again .
230	Flashlight	POS	4	yes , there be a spare lamp in the tail cap . actually , one have to remove -lrb- gently -rrb- the battery spring then turn the cap down and let the spare lamp fall into you palm or on something soft .
562	Flashlight	NEG	1	the shipping be as much or more than the product . I order it with other dewalt product but it be ship from a seperaye company
950	Flashlight	NEG	1	when it be first introduce the maglight be top of the line . now the maglight be year behind current lead flashlight technology . the light be well make , but the adjustable beam be very poor in quality . look for a flashlight with a textured reflector or a lead for a much better beam . Princeton tec and streamlight make much better function light for the money .
843	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a Christmas gift for a 3-year-old that want a flashlight like Daddy 's ! he love it and the case be a nice touch .
310	Flashlight	POS	5	I purchase this flashlight because the regular flashlight I be use to walk the dog at night keep eat battery and be not bright enough . this flashlight do not go through battery as quick as my old one and be much brighter . I have only change battery once , and I think that be only because I use cheap battery . the only thing I wish I have for it that I do not be a wrist strap . I have drop it in the yard a couple of time . I may get the wrist strap next . I would recommend this light to any one that need a small flashlight .
937	Flashlight	NEG	1	this torch be huge and heavy , but even with new battery it be not particularly bright , and the light be yellow and full of shadow . there be far better light out there , like the SureFire m6 which be far , far brighter , much more robust and small . the maglite be only recommend for use as a club .
343	Flashlight	POS	5	I carry a mag-light with I for a good many year while drive truck . a truck cab be probably one of the hardest place there be on flashlight , they never seem to last yet I never have a problem with the mag-light  once in a truck stop I see a driver set he mag light on a tire and forget it be there , when he start to move the truck the light fall off and be run over by the tire . when he realize what he have do he stop and pick up the light and it be still work . any other flashlight would have be flatten . if nothing else this make a believer out of I .
541	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a excellent flashlight . it have good battery life and be extremely durable too . it be a perfect size for everyday use . but if you buy this flashlight you should buy the lead upgrade . it isn `` t as bright as the original bulb but it be almost as bright . this be a really durable flashlight as i say before . it have even survive be throw up into the air and even be run over by a bike ! so this flashlight be worth the money .
260	Flashlight	POS	5	as always Maglite be the best . especially when price like this . thank you for that . the actual weight of this flashlight with 6 copper-top be about 2 or 3 pound . so it be probably too long and heavy for close quarter mechanic type work . but for those of we that need a unofficial `` weapon '' on the job , this more than fit the bill . I hope to get the glass break tip soon .
415	Flashlight	POS	5	on the technical detail be mention charger 110 volt , also on the Maglite web-site be mention two type of charger one for 110 volt and one for european 230 volt . the actual charger mention however 100-240 ac 50\/60 hz . which mean the charger be universal and can be use all over the world . the only difference between the 110 volt model and the 230 volt model be the plug type on the charger . the 110 volt come with the american flat pin and the 230 volt with the european round pin . so if you be go to another country , like on vacation , the only thing you need be a plug adapter to fit the charger into the wall outlet . the charger adjust itself to the voltage on the wall outlet .
492	Flashlight	NEG	2	I be what some might call a flashlight abuser . I work as a professional auto mechanic , and I use a flashlight every day . many time a day , in fact . and guess what , I drop it on the floor occasionally . in my experience , this routine be too demand for 95 % of the flashlight out there . I could spend 8o buck on some `` ultimate '' flashlight , but I never will because it would undoubtedly get lose within a week . I have find that the regular , under ten buck , krypton-bulb Mini Maglite be up to the task , however . while the bulb need to be change frequently , I have never have to replace a maglite entirely , except when I lose one . for this reason , I think I would give the lead version a try after I misplace my regular flashlight , to try to save some energy . I be pleasantly surprise at the brightness of the LED bulb . its focus be not adjustable , but the light it produce be bright enough that this be not really a necessity . I wish the flashlight come in brighter color , because misplacement be a big concern for I . I really can not fathom why there be so many black flashlight on the market . I guess maybe people think they look cool or something . I have try LED flashlight and bicycle headlight in the past and have find that they have a major flaw-the electronics be quite succeptible to routine shock such as a 3-foot drop . and , of course , the electronic gut be the most expensive and hard to replace part of the lamp . unfortunately , the LED Maglite be no exception . my flashlight start to cut out intermittently within a few week after I buy it . it be now entirely dead after maybe two month . I think the Maglite would be a cut above the usual led light , and I be wrong . oh well , I guess I 'll find some other way to save the planet .
838	Flashlight	NEG	1	I have my 3aa lead Mini Maglight disappear around 2 week ago - it be a fine flashlight , for sure ! I be quite mad at the kid that borrow it . I still need a flashlight for work that be tough and reliable and of course my first choice be Maglight . at first when I see the 2aa maglight it be like I find the perfect flashlight - just buy it think it would last a lifetime or until I dump it into the ocean or river - happen more then once . get the first flash light home and happily open the package and install the battery ... totally dead , not even a flash . battery check good but , replace they anyway . no go , so I return the flashlight . this be not a typical maglight issue - a trust manufacturer in my opinion - so I go to Lowes and buy a second one - it be actually cheaper then the first . I turn it on and it work perfectly for about 2 minute . it then start to do random thing like SOS and flash . replace the new battery with new - same thing . I go back to the store and return it intend to get a 3aa lead version of the maglight but , they be no longer available . so I try a 3rd 2aa lead flashlight - almost the same result as the second . I Google 'd my problem and find that Maglight have come up with a series of home repair and try they . no luck !!! flashlight be return with tear - for a fall hero . I end up with the old standard Xenon Mini Maglight and be look at a streamlight to replace the LED Maglight . yes , they be more expensive . : -lrb-
79	Flashlight	NEG	1	this be a great light back in the 80s but today they just do not stack up to Streamlight and Surefire . if you want a light that be bright , lightweight and white light -lrb- not that old incandescent yellow -rrb- you best bet be to check out other option . you may pay more for other option but you will have a light that be 1\/4 the weight and twice as bright .
423	Flashlight	NEG	2	I give this 2 star because it be a nicely build flashlight . however , it be a flashlight , and the purpose of a flashlight be to shine light onto thing so you can see ... at this , the Solitaire perform poorly . even with a fresh battery , it have a weak beam . it be simply not worth it , even for half the price . it just do not work well as a flashlight . I have have this light for 5 year now , and I have never use it because it be so bad . it be the only flashlight I own that I do not use . thankfully , it be only a Christmas gift .
88	Flashlight	NEG	1	I have 2 of they product . both fail miserably . never get a whole lot of use out the minus because the bulb life and battery life be just terrible . I recently try to upgrade it with a lead kit . forget it . the internal plastic part just fall apart in my hand . I have buy one of they c cell light about 10 year ago . it make it through one set of battery . when I try to replace the battery , the tail end would not come off . it have somehow become weld to the body of the flashlight . I think the part corrode together and get stick . try a vice , channel lock pliers , you name it . anything that would impart enough force to get it unglued would have damage the body . go in the trash .
6	Flashlight	NEG	2	I expect a lot from a maglite . this one be very underwhelming . I think my two biggest problem be 1 -rrb- the HUGE hole in the light beam in the center , and 2 -rrb- the method of turn the light on and off . first the hole in the center of the beam be very large . as in , you have to hold the flashlight off center to see anything . it be literally a ring of light , not a disc . I end up focus the side of the ring on what I be look at , and in turn , use about 10 % of the light create . other small led flashlight just perform much better . on to the method of engage the light : to turn it on , it have the very old method of turn the head , in order to screw down to the battery . this be innovative in the 70 and be extremely out-dated . none of the other , full-sized maglite use this , they have a very handy button to turn it on and off . the flashlight that I replace this one with use a button on the base , and it work great ! this one turn on while in you pocket and drain the battery . speak of the battery , how can a lead burn through battery so fast ? in a single word , this flashlight be simply `` underwhelming '' .
387	Flashlight	NEG	1	I purchase the mag-lite rx109 heavy duty rechargeable flashlight from Amazon about two year ago upon recommendation from my son-in-law who be a airline mechanic . it prove to be a awe inspiring product ... ... . for about the first month . Super bright with a wonderful adjustable focusing\/spreading beam . I be enthral . after the month honeymoon , reality set in as in as its ability to hold a charge rapidly weaken . soon , when take it from its charge cradle it would become useless in a matter of minute . I buy two more rechargeable battery , at twenty buck a pop ... ... ... ... . same result : take it out of it be charge cradle and all be fine . five minute later no light at all . during that two year , all I have use it for be occasionally go out with the dog at night and during infrequent power outage . it look just like it come out of the box , not a mark or even a smudge on it . there be no way the flashlight use could have exceed five hour . despite its very limited use , I still go through 4 replacement bulb at five buck a pop . along the way , the switch stop work ... in the on position . one still could turn it off and on by unscrew back a half dozen turn , but ... ... . . do the arithmetic . at 95 buck cost new , plus 60 buck in battery plus 20 buck in bulb come to $ 175.00 for 5 hour use work out to $ 35 per hour ... ... for a flashlight with a broken switch and will not hold a charge for five minute . I also have ANOTHER Mag-Lite , this one a three d cell model . with even less usage , it sit worthless on the shelf with a switch break in the off position ... . .
4	Flashlight	POS	4	I initially have trouble insert the battery because the spring keep fall out . after the battery be successfully insert , the flashlight work as expect . I buy the flashlight for my camping trip . it fit snuggly in my shorts pocket , yet provide very bright light for the walk from the tent to the wash room . I highly recommend the flashlight because of its small size and bright light .
980	Flashlight	POS	5	hey , for all you people read this out there ! if you look for a Mini Flashlight , then there be no better product then this ! I give this product 5 star because of it be quality , size , durability , and it be Lightweight ! it be great for light up those dark spot where you cant see . also a great present for kid !
360	Flashlight	POS	4	Dear Sirs & Madams : Re : 4d-cell mag hvy-duty flashlight this be perhaps the best of all `` torch '' available , and at a bloody-good price ... I be certain that not only the Yanks use these lite , but Scotland Yard and other must also as well . not only do this top-drawer product provide the light sufficent for any night need and\/or exposure of deed , but by its own heft , it be also quite a good headknoker -lrb- without damage ... to the lite -rrb- should one require such in a pinch . this product 's pro be also a part of its con : it be bright-white light , it be well construct , and it be durable . it be also large and heavy . at the same time this product do not put in harm 's - way : a officer , a citizen , or a suspect . I would not want to be without my ole mag-torch if it will turn the trick , rather than fire-power : indeed you can jolly well take this conviction to the bank ... indeed !
164	Flashlight	POS	5	get she as advertise could not even get they at Home depot around here but Amazon have it in stock
916	Flashlight	NEG	2	Poor quality plastic bracket . not up to mag light standard .
245	Flashlight	POS	5	perfect for my husband work . he use it when he get a crawl space as a service technician thanks for my mag lite
687	Flashlight	NEG	1	this light work as advertise for a few day . a spare bulb , keep in the base , be improperly store , force too much pressure on the bottom of the battery , which eventually flatten the spring contact at the top of the battery . the result : once the bulb be properly stow , there be little or no contact between the battery & the spring contact at they top end . this be essentially the end of the light . this happen just after the expiration of the return period . I would not recommend this product .
858	Flashlight	POS	5	I work in a place that use 4 of these light 24\/7 . the light be switch on and off hundred of time per week , drop , and generally abused . in the five year I work there , we never have to buy a replacement . occassionally a switch would die , but Mag Instrument repair that free . ca not be beat !
475	Flashlight	POS	5	I be a touristic guide in the cloud forest in Costa Rica . I provide one of these flashlighst to each tourist for night hike in the forest . all the people love these flashlight and some of they want to keep this maglite for he rest of they trip in Costa Rica . they be easy to use , light , shockproof -lrb- perfect for kid -rrb- and waterproof -lrb- perfect for the rain forest -rrb- . rechargeable battery last 4 or 5 hour . we can perfectly spot animal at the top of the tree at 40 meter of distance . I be sure that this be he best flashlight for my night tour ... I get 8 of they . 100 % recommend .
83	Flashlight	NEG	1	this look at the darkness ring \/ write where small size maglite be dim . if the head of the flashlight which be break that be twist , concern that exactly as for a certain thing , that that it be and change the beam into the dark ring flood where light\/write be put in place appropriately exactly from the fact that it become black it be possible necessary . so be anodize for corrosion resistance and the durability which increase , this flashlight really the automatic operation which remove oxidation as a feature show the type switch of cleaning which rust . while make the application of a bad state where the part of the circuit of low resistance the electric battery be bad possible , the o ring of resistance to class and the water whose each start be high produce effect . the representative of nast free light\/write of the hand of of the convenience which candle mode that be entreat include in the darkness in regard to this flashlight . need the something which dark state be hard , sign of the diamond which be apply that have be break perhaps and be the fairness where where it be turn off and with that of the point in regard to the excessive lamp of help of the tail hat of grip that you attach . you purchase include the electric battery of the main holder and two alkali aa .
940	Flashlight	NEG	2	while it be a solid , durable , and bright light , it have several big disadvantage . for one , the light output drop off way too fast . it have a impressive beam with fresh battery , but after relatively short use , it be too dim to justify the enormous size and weight of the thing . many light , such as the modestly price Surefire g2 pack just as much light output -lrb- or more -rrb- but be easily pocketable and much much lighter . also , the smoooth plastic reflector give it a dirty , spotty beam with noticible dark spot . really , the only thing this light have go for be that it be a pretty indimidating body and have a definite macho appeal . but if you look for serious illumunition look somewhere else .
259	Flashlight	POS	5	I have be use my rechargable mag light with the ni-cad battery pack for over five year . it charge when I be not use the light and when I pick it up to use the light these battery really hold a charge . I take it on trip without even bring the charger . it be one of my favorite tool . the battery do not leak and it be ZERO trouble . I recommend this light and battery pack for everyone . portable , rugged , dependable and very useful .
93	Flashlight	NEG	1	after hear all of the tale of mag-aa durability , etc. I be extremely disappointed , the aa model be very dim compare to the more modern personal light I own . it isnt a dependable light at all , after one 2 foot drop to a carpeted floor the bulb blow out . I replace the bulb with the spare , and it blow out when I put fresh battery in . my recommendation be buy one of the new l.e.d personal lights-no bulb to burn out , longer battery life , much better beam quality , lighter and more dependable .
648	Flashlight	NEG	1	do I have instruction to make it work ? as of now new battery be useless for the MAGLITE S2C016 2-c !
995	Flashlight	POS	5	my company buy one of these Mag Lights and I didnt expect much from a rechargeable light . wow be I wrong , this light be better than any dry cell flashlight ever make . this be more like a spotlight on a police car with 50,000 candle power . we use this light all the time in a industrial enviroment where it get greasy a lot , and this have lead it to be drop a time or two , none the less it have never fail to operate like new . . the rechargeable feature on this light be so handy . we just hang up the light at the end of the day in its cradle and it be ready for hard action the next day ...
759	Flashlight	POS	5	as be always the case , this maglite be sturdy , heavy and produce excellent light . if anyone have every own a maglight they know that they be hard to beat .
406	Flashlight	NEG	2	when everyone say mag light be `` top of the line '' they be be incredibly naive ! try look into some real flashlight like Surefire , Fenix , and huntlight ! mag light even measure in candlepower , which grossly exaggerate brightness too . you turn they on and they be bright , but in 10 minute it 'll get dimmer . I own a flashlight by fenix which be easily 5 time as bright as this and will fit in the palm of my hand ! before you buy this light , consider the p1dce by Fenix , or the g2 from Surefire . thank you !
511	Flashlight	NEG	1	purchase several maglight over the past few year , every flashlight stop work or corrode , order part and replace part in the non-working light , and then they corrode . I spend too much money on a product that do not last
870	Flashlight	NEG	1	Maglite sell great flashlight many year ago . they have not really change they light much over the year , and they be fall behind . there be much better , smaller , and brighter light on the market for reasonable price . why lug around three huge and heavy d cell ?  maglite have be sue smaller company for unreasonable reason . they sue smaller company for silly little thing . do you want to buy from a huge company that crush the other little guy ? I sure do not want to .  I think that if you want a good flashlight you should look at Surefire , Streamlight , Scorpion , and other company .
590	Flashlight	NEG	1	I want a mag rechargeable flashlight for some time , but just could not justify the expense . well , I finally buy it , and what a dissappointment . I will say , it be a excellent flashlight when it work . I get all of 5 minute out of it when I first use it . I diagnose the problem as a fail bulb , as I could clearly see the filament be break . I order a replacement which be NOT CHEAP . it too last 5 minute , and yes , I know enought not to touch the bulb with my bare finger while install . buy two more bulb next time around , and you guess it , about 5 minute use for each . so , all total about $ 125 for 20 minute of light . Run from this deal .
394	Flashlight	POS	5	11 year I have have my maglite -lrb- I believe I buy it in 2001 , possibly 2002 -rrb- and it still shine just as bright with the same bulb . I do not use it daily , just whenever the circumstance arise -lrb- power outage , camping , work under the hood of vehicle , underneath vehicle , kitchen sink work in bottom cabinet , bathroom plumbing , attic , outdoors at night , etc. -rrb- you know it be quality when Law Enforcement use it and carry it around with they at all time . not only be it a quality bright flashlight , but a very intimidating flashlight . I would sure hate to get club with this beast ! after 11 year , the seal over the button switch have fall off , but the switch itself still work fine without it , also have collect many scratch and dent over the decade . it be be drop so many time that I now have the sound memorize and could tell you without even look that it drop to the cement due to many mechanic use . by far , dollar for dollar , it be the best ! sure you can find brighter light that be if you want to pay $ 100 to $ 200 , but for $ 25 this can not be beat !
978	Flashlight	NEG	1	I be very dissappointed with this item . do not last a day . the Streamlight Adjust-a-Clamp be vastly superior . stainless steel construction and it be CHEAPER too . my current streamlight set have be in heavy constant use in my truck for over 15 year . the rubber have wear off a few time but it still hold my flashlight ! customer who be unhappy with the mag instrument product should check out the streamlight clamp .
974	Flashlight	POS	5	a very bright and clear light . the car charger make it perfect for travel\/camping .
106	Flashlight	POS	5	great product with a quick and easy installation . as long as the clip be correctly place and align there should be no worry of break they or damage they . the plastic do feel a bit weak but they be surprisingly very strong little clip .
131	Flashlight	POS	5	I be a solider and a correctional officer , I have be use maglite for year , and have put they through several of the worst kind of hell . to date after 4 year of \* hard \* use , abuse , and maltreatment , I have only manage to kill 2 of the big 4d maglite , and even then , the light be mechanically sound , but the damned battery end up leak from get knock around too much , and fusing into the case . any way . it take I three year of solid use , in rain , snow , mud , etc , to kill my last minus mag . when I finally get around to replace it , I be slightly off-put . if you have not purchase a minus in a while , you 'll start to wonder why it seem to randomly flicker and strobe . at first , because of how I be handle it , I think maglite be not up to they usual standard , and make a flashlight that I could kill in under a week . it turn out that I be wrong . __________________________ by rotate the head , and turn it on , you activate the bright mode . do it twice , you activate the dim , 3 time , and you activate the strobe . this can be kind of a pain in the ass when you be use it and it trigger unintentionally , however , this flashlight be otherwise up to maglite 's usual superb standard . battery in my experience will last several month with infrequent use . several week with routine\/heavy\/duty use . size and durability make this a worthwhile compliance tool in a pinch . __________________________ if you have never use maglite lead 's or lead upgrade , I suggest it . the LED 's be even build maglite tough , I say this a after have the lead fall out of the assembly of the d-cell bulb one day -lrb- the actual diode separate from the body of the bulb , and fall out , my inmate be amuse . -rrb- . I be able to reinsert , and fix it with superglue . worked fine for about a year after that until I finally manage to kill the poor thing for good . there be cheaper light , there be tougher light , there be brighter light , there be longer lasting light , but you be not go to find a compact light that be brighter , tougher , longer lasting , or better make at this price point . you 'll have a light source for year , and a handy roller for paracord once you kill it .
836	Flashlight	NEG	1	have this flashlight for a while , use it only a couple of time and when I need to use it today it would turn on and flicker off when I tilted it . replace the battery and now it will not event turn on . be able to get it to turn on for a couple of second by adjust the battery cap , but will not stay it on , and I never even drop it or abuse it like I do with the old incandescent aa maglite . then after read the warranty I find out that the led be not cover so if the bulb burn out , you be leave with a useless aluminum battery holder . not on par with the Maglite tradition .
507	Flashlight	POS	5	I have own my Mag Charger for about 15 year . I be a mechanic so it see constant use for the first 10 of those year . it be endure abuse beyond belief . countless drop onto concrete . I once drop it from the top of a cab-over tractor . it burn out the bulb and that be all . after year and year of use it be begin to get dim . yeah that be right the original battery pack last till just a month ago . one of the cell finally die . the rubber seal on the switch have go crunchy after the year of exposure to brake cleaner and who know what . I order a new nihm battery from Amazon but could not find the correct rubber button . -lrb- Mine be the old style -rrb- I call Maglite . remember these baby be guarantee forever . that include the rubber part . mag send I a new button no charge . yeah that be it , not only be it the best flashlight in the world it be back by a real no b lifetime warranty by a no b company . you may find light that have more lumen or cost less . they be not worth it . this dude be ready for the long haul . if you be ready for a no b light then you be ready for a Mag Recharger . it will last and if it ever break Maglite will make it right .
250	Flashlight	POS	5	this review be for the 3 aa battery lead version -lrb- currently amazon have the title and description of the aa lead model mix up -rrb- . I have no less than 10 maglite in several size and color ... this one blow they all away ! to give you a example of how bright it be : in candle mode this flashlight be brighter than my fluorscent camping lantern that use 8 size d battery . this thing totally outshine comparable maglite more than 10 time its size . every automobile should have one of these in the glovebox , and no camp-box be complete without one .
948	Flashlight	POS	5	the dw908 be a indispensable battery-powered portable and adjustable light that be vital to any garage - especially where use a plug-in drop light just will not work , and where you need both hand to complete the task at hand . the battery use in this light be the 18v lithium ion from DeWalt , and the lamp be very efficient = lasting hour between necessary recharge . I buy this as a gift for a friend , and the use it have already get be phenomenal .
516	Flashlight	NEG	2	this light that I get be not as near as brite as the one sell at Sears yet it have the same number ???
314	Flashlight	NEG	1	I can not rate this item because I do not get my package ! I order it 18 day ago and it do have tracking info for the first few day . now it be track info be unavailable and I have no clue where it be ! now thanks to Amazon not know where my product be , I be now very upset ! I would be CAREFUL ORDERING THIS ITEM you MAY NOT get it !!
885	Flashlight	POS	5	I buy several of these as gift for the guy at work . they be a great small size flashlight .
644	Flashlight	NEG	1	I have go through two of these flashlight . they be horrible . they work great when they work , and the light be bright but after the first time I use it it get dim and now when I turn it on it flicker and go off . a much better flashlight that I own be the Illuminator Flashlight . it be a hand crank flashlight . it be also less than this flashlight on Amazon .
45	Flashlight	NEG	2	my local big box store sell I this bulb for my Porter Cable 18v Lithium flashlight -lrb- model pcl-180fl -rrb- . after about one half hour of continuous use the flashlight stop work . upon open up the lens holder I discover the bulb have melt through the bulb holder . fortunately , the Porter Cable service rep take pity on I and be mail I replacement part so I can fix my flashlight . none the less , before buy this bulb , make sure it be truly compatible with you flashlight or you may end up destroy you flashlight . the correct bulb for the Porter Cable 18v series of flashlight -lrb- e.g. pcl-180fl and pcl-18fl -rrb- be a kpr 18v 0.3 amp krypton bulb -lrb- Porter Cable part number # 90534275 -rrb- . ultimately what Porter Cable\/Dewalt -lrb- they be the same company -rrb- need to do be release a lead conversion kit for they flashlight .
739	Flashlight	NEG	1	I purchase this light a week ago from Home Depot for almost $ 25 and it no longer work . do everything Maglite recommend and still no luck . Problem be either the tail cap or the barrel\/switch . light flash intermittently when tighten the tail cap after battery replacement , but once the tail cap be tight , the light no longer work . what a disappointing product from Maglite . I just go to Sports Authority and find a Nite Ize lead upgrade for my old Mini Maglight and that have be work flawlessly . it do not have the same intensity or the beam focus as the mag lead , but at least it work . P.S. I forget to mention the extremely poor battery life . lead light be by theory suppose to last longer than krypton bulb . not so with this light . I be lucky to get 4 hour out of mine . this may have be cause by the problem mention above , but my Nite Ize upgrade have last almost 8 hour now , and no sign of wear down .
258	Flashlight	NEG	2	these be decent light for navigate the wood in the dark , but if you do ... get two of they . they like to cut out often , require a sharp rap to get work again ... then they work just fine for a bit ... and repeat the entire scenario all over again . it be as though the contact be inferior and unable to provide a constant load to the led bulb . why do they send more of those stupid nylon sheath ? I have to have at least twenty of they now over the year , and have yet to actually find any use for any of they . on a positive note , they be plenty bright , and the battery last quite a while , if they would just always work as they should , they would be great ... but they just plain do not ... not at all dependable .
489	Flashlight	NEG	1	buy this 2 week ago , base on my excellent experience with Maglites , BUT this one do not live up to Maglite quality . unlike the Mini mag it be fashion after , Maglite must have change something as the rotary on\/off switch die after 2 week . guess i 'll try the competition ... . .
233	Flashlight	POS	4	I have a little problem with Amazon , but it be fix quick and I receive the correct product . the flash light be perfect . I be use it for both light and blunt object . it come with battery and a belt carry case . this be a 3 cell light not the 2 cell like it be state . give off a good amount of light and I be hope that because it be lead that the battery will last forever .
132	Flashlight	POS	4	now these bracket be worth the cost . I use they to mount my 4d size maglight on my crash bar of my Harley . have not have any issue and I ride all over the place . just zip tie they on and clip in flashlight .
123	Flashlight	NEG	1	this flashlight do everything except be a flashlight . not sure how the switch be make , but if the light be bang or bump the light turn to the next mode which include SOS or dim , etc. . please just turn on and stay on , and it doesnt do that . buy two , never again , return one , need to get rid of the other . steer clear of this junk , this light make you want to smash it it be so annoying use it for work and it bump and start blinking .
581	Flashlight	NEG	2	I be use these to hold my flashlight in my car , and they break . just in the course of usage , not in a car wreck or anything . I be use they to hold the light horizontally , so maybe a vertical position mount on a wall would work better , but even for that I would rather make something myself than buy these .
444	Flashlight	NEG	1	I have not receive it yet , they say it should be here around 6th of November . that be 6 week , come on . nothing and I say nothing have ever take this long to get here and I will never buy anything from this store again . if it do not arrive by then I want my money return at once . the light bulb I oerder come with in a week . oh yeah they come from another store . John Ekstrom
809	Flashlight	NEG	1	it arrive today -- can not turn it on . pricey too for such a little thing ! refund
955	Flashlight	POS	5	this the second replacement battery pack I have purchase . what set this one apart be the price . most place want $ 40 , or more , for this battery pack . I still feel that a $ 10 to $ 15 price range would be fair . but , pay half price do make I feel better . beware beware beware I do not use the flashlight everyday , so when I try it for the second time , just past the thirty day return period , I find that it be defective . guess what nobody would warranty it !
211	Flashlight	POS	5	I love this flashlight , I have two . it work great , be very bright and convenient to use .
786	Flashlight	POS	4	product seem to work just fine . it ship in a decent time .
817	Flashlight	NEG	1	I work as a electrician i buy this flashlite a few week ago it do the job right but its not a solid flashlight every time i open it i have to shake it to get a strong light
729	Flashlight	NEG	1	I can not believe that maglite be still consider quality light these day .  sure , they be pretty good 10 year or so ago . but what be change ? the Mini Maglites I have own have always have the same problem - bulb which go pop and fail if the light experience any kind of shock - or sometimes for no reason at all . and that dim , yellow , uneven excuse for a beam of light . it would be nice if mag produce a light which you could actually \* rely \* on to work when you need it , rather than this outdated rubbish . I have since find far more reliable , brighter , and generally better light from other maker such as Streamlight . there be lot of light out there which be mile ahead of Maglites in every category .
638	Flashlight	NEG	2	I buy this think it be one of the nice law enforcement grade holster . I be wrong . this be a cheap make in china piece . the leather be not high quality at all , the ring be make of HOLLOW plastic not metal ! the snap be also make of plastic . I give it two star because one , I know it will break soon , two , it be not what I want , and three it be not maglite quality . I have 7 maglite , all of which I have buy from the maglite dealer on amazon . I have never be unsatisfied by the dealer here , or the maglite brand . I be suprised .
125	Flashlight	POS	5	after several flashlight , pelican , everready , etc. because they stop work in a harsh marine environment , this one flashlight have now be constantly work for 5 year . it be extremely bright and durable . because it have a 12 volt rechargeble base you can secure it to a bulkhead and forget about it . it will always be ready when you need it and always in the same location . that be in and of itself be invaluable on a boat where most thing be cram into the same couple drawer .
919	Flashlight	NEG	2	to start with , this little flashlight be a first generation fashlight , whereas the modern lithium-powered `` tactical light '' be of third generation . therefore , it be clear that this light can not match those modern super-bright flashlight in performance .  by today ' standard , the Mini Maglite be a adequate general-purpose flashlight . it be comfortably small , although if it be a bit fatter , it would fit better to a hand . the body of the flashlight be of high-impact aluminium , make the Mini-Mag a very sturdy little light , tough enough to be use as a impact weapon .  you need two hand to operate Mini Maglight . as there be no light switch , you activate the light by rotate the head of the light , until the light activate . this can be very ankward , depend on the situation on which you need the light . the light be actually quite dim , by modern standard . again , it depend on the situation if the Mini-Mag be bright enough , but as a rule of thumb , the more powerful the light be , the better . after all , there be very little need for dull knife , or dim flashlight . also , the light pattern of Mini-Mag be not even , but the light beam have dark ring or spot , make it harder to see clearly the `` target '' on some occasion .  if you need a small general-purpose flashlight to keep in the glove compartment of you car , for example , Mini Maglite be a reasonable choice . it be a affordable light , and the battery be much cheaper than those use in modern high-powered flashlight . but if you need the flashlight for more serious use , it be better to look for a third generation flashlight .
299	Flashlight	NEG	1	if you think you be get the spring STEEL clip with rubber coating , THINK again . THESE THINGS be shiny black brittle look plastic !
421	Flashlight	POS	5	I currently own three of these . they be great flashlight to have around . they be bright enough to get most job do , small enough to carry just about anywhere , and durable enough to take a beating . sure surefire flashlight be brighter but they be not as durable . I have even hear of people use these as self defense weapon . really heavy abuse may result in a very short bulb life but it carry a spare so you 'll have light again in no time .  as far as the thread and o-ring go , a small amount of Vaseline apply to the thread will keep both the thread and the o-ring lubricate .
208	Flashlight	NEG	2	I have have several maglite over the year and while read the review decide to get this light because it be lead . wrong , for some reason most of the review be on the lead version and this light be the battery eating krypton version . I have drawer full of these old one and do not use they because they be just old inefficient technology . I be bum out and request a refund and plan to refuse the fedex shipment . but when I cancel the order they say to just keep it . I really do not wont the damned thing but I think it would cost they more if I now refuse the package . moral quandary . maybe I 'll upgrade it with the LED kit .
429	Flashlight	NEG	2	I think I buy a very powerfull flashlight but I be very disappointed . I have a 3-d cell flashlight that be better .
683	Flashlight	POS	5	if you frequently use a flashlight for work or at home , and want something with maximum brightness and minimal hassle , this one 's for you .  just make sure to get extra bulb ! the flashlight will survive repeat drop , but the bulb will not , and they be hard to come by in regular retail store . so , order they before you need they .
484	Flashlight	NEG	2	the quality be great and it be easy to operate . I buy a couple of these as keychain light . however , the light output even with a fresh battery really be not sufficient for my use .
286	Flashlight	POS	5	securely hold mag light . I give these with new lead mag light as a gift to my Dad , he love the whole setup . as he have get older he would never be able to find a flashlight , now they be always in the same place . a little tight to remove and replace but loosen up with some use .
826	Flashlight	POS	4	after receive one of these and a larger mag as a gift I be not sure where I would use this flashlight . as it turn out , I be use it more than the larger light . it be small size make it incredibly useful for small maintenance task such as work on a computer , poke around a car or even find thing you drop behind furniture . it be brightness be surprising . I have find it to be almost as bright as the mag 2d light .  I have some contact problem when I put the first set of battery in , but after play with the spring in the back and make sure the end cap be tight it work fine and have fail since .
719	Flashlight	NEG	1	I can not believe they still make this . I have have my aa maglight since 8th grade . I have replace the bulb about 10 time back in the day . as soon as led light come out - I upgrade , and NEVER look back . Modern lead light be way bright , much more durable , and many of they much smaller . Cheapo Fenix single AAA be build better than this , be much smaller , and MUCH BRIGHTER . I just can imagine a single instance when I would recommend this .
323	Flashlight	POS	5	it be a Maglite , and it live up to the reputation of its american brand . it be solidly build and work well . this thing will probably last a lifetime . scroll through the color option because you may be able to find the same flashlight for nearly half the price in a different color . I purchase it with the `` MAGLITE AM2A016 Mini AA Flashlight Accessory Pack '' so that I could attach the red filter and use it for stargaze .
936	Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this for my husband because he old one break . evidentally these new light will work on both type of battery . he be very happy to have he light back . fast delivery and excellent service . .
213	Flashlight	NEG	2	I still do not understand how Maglite can make such great flashlight , and yet make a horrible single cell key chain flashlight . I have use maglite product for year . they be incredible sturdy , and yet beautiful to behold ! I have try to tell they , but they do not seem to listen , or care . I keep buy they , think they 'll get better , but they do not . like other have say , they be not very bright and they use power rapidly . and they flicker . I really do want a small flashlight for door lock and the like , but this definitely not it . DO BETTER , MAGLITE !
316	Flashlight	POS	5	maglight torch be well build and tough I upgrade mine with terralux 300m-ex lead , it now produce a wall of light much brighter than standard bulb or Maglights own lead version . the 6d be quite big and heavy and will not fit in you pocket .  terralux tle-300m-ex lead upgrade kit for -lrb- 4-6 d cell only -rrb- maglite flashlite . 700 lumen with 3 brightness level .
306	Flashlight	POS	5	what can one say about Maglite ? they the best ! I have a full size mag and several of the minus 's . I love the Mini-Mag lead !!! first off they as indestructable as a light be gonna come . serious shock resistance ... serious water resistance ... not a hammer and not a diver 's light but as close as the most of we will ever need . secondly they weight be about right . Heavy enough to protect they but not so heavy that it can not be carry in a pack in the outdoors . next up be the grip , it do have a nice checkered pattern etch into the shell that give a good grip even with glove or even when wet . battery life always depend on usage but be about average for most aa light . like most LED 's , bulb life be advertise as 100k hour . while I do not think it will last that long , it will make it long enough to make you feel it be a worthwile investment , and the bulb probably will not be what fail first anyway . next let talk about light...four-funtion of light ! by twist the bezel counter-clockwise it turn on the full power beam . now it be not the brightest compact light in the world -lrb- that distiction go to lithium power tactical light -rrb- but for a AA Alkaline power light , it the brightest I have see . brighter infact than my 3aa power Gerber tx3 .0 ! I have not do a distance comparison between they yet , but I can tell you that sit in my chair in the wood camping , the Mini-Mag illuminate distance up to 30 ' like daylight ! I be not kid ! distance up 50 ' can be see pretty well assume there be not too much clutter to cast shadow . also a big plus ; unlike previous generation of Mini-Mag LED 's , the bezel can adjust to focus the beam . finally turn it clockwise until it tighten and stop will turn off the light . now that be one fuction ... turn the bezel couter-clockwise and then back off , then counter-clockwise -lrb- or on-off-on -rrb- within about 3 seconds will take you to mode # 2 ... low power . accord to the box it be about 25 % power . I find it to be a great reading light , map light for the car , light to look in small space where too much power could `` wash out '' or blind you eye . in fact I use it for navigation in total darkness . that way I be not totally blind when I turn off my light . next mode # 3 ... -lrb- from off ... on-off-on-off-on -rrb- it be a flasher that flash at about 1 flash per second . Great for signaling ! I speak from experence here . I have a family member lose after a hike that get past sundown . I hike to a ridgetop right off the road then use this flasher to help they locate I . it work ! it be not a high speed strobe so it be not a defense tool , but as a locator signal , I give it a useful thumb up ! finally mode # 4 ... -lrb- from off ... on-off-on-off-on-off-on -rrb- S.O.S. mode . I seriously doubt anyone of we will be so lose or stand that we 'll be signal pass plane and ship but hey I guess if you be ... in all seriousness though if it be all you have get , it could help you be find by rescure or a passer-by . consider this , a 100 % truely dead car battery , mean no 4-way flasher . it addition help show that you need help with this almost universally recognize help signal , it also help make you vehicle visible avoid a potentially deadly accident . all in all , perhaps a little gimicky , perhaps not ... it all depend on what you intend to do with you new light . one final word about the bezel switch . after about 3 to 5 seconds of sit in either the off or on position , the next time the light be turn on it will return to full power output -lrb- aka mode # 1 -rrb- . I be not kid when I say this be my favorite product I have ever review ! there be so many use ! and everyone have need of it , they may just not know it yet !
96	Flashlight	NEG	2	essentially this add up to have a $ 60-ish workhorse powerhouse of a battery on the base , with a rather cheap flashlight attachment that be worth maybe $ 5 . I have have this light hang around for a couple of year from a combo set . it actually work well enough , though I do not often need a worklight . we recently have a 4 day power outage and this be great while it last both as a very bright flashlight , and to point at the ceiling to give some nice general non-glare room illumination . it only last about two hour on a charge be the problem . if anything scream out for a lead bulb , this be it , but at this point DeWalt do not even offer that as a separate bulb . they do sell a 12v lead worklight which sound just awesome , but I do not have the 12v system , I have the 18v . with a lead this would never burn out the bulb . this one will last maybe 10-15 hour which be not what you want in a emergency light with no spare . also if you drop this light the bulb filament will probably break , LED 's be much more robust . moreover , with the same brightness it would go probably 8-12 hour on a charge or more . that would be pretty much my essential emergency light . I would buy two or three . though the gooseneck probably look like the better design . what really kill this be that the head ought to swivel so it could point downward while stand upright on the battery base . you could work at a table or workbench with the light pointed at you work . but this only swivel from straight up to horizontal , which be really not all that useful . in short , wait for they to offer the gooseneck with a led , and get two , it will be super .
290	Flashlight	POS	4	a little bit bigger than i expect , that be the reason why i be give it 4 star
388	Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this about 4 or 5 year ago and it be never let I down . it so rugged it can be use as a weapon if you need to defend yourself . it lay right next to I when I sleep . it really be heavy duty .
520	Flashlight	POS	4	its a great light for a backup , it light up about 10-20 foot the price of it be worth it and the battery be easily replaceable and they last long , the light be slightly dull but it be great I carry the stream light protac 2l and this on my key as well as the victorinox classic that come with the solitaire I buy at the victorinox store all in all its fantastic to do small thing and it be a great back up ! I love it and will use it for year
570	Flashlight	POS	5	we sail from Charleston South Carolina to Whangarei , New Zealand last year with 2 of these onboard . in the middle of the night , when something go `` bang '' this be what I grab for when head up on deck . the underwater flashlight , led , and waterproof unit be great for they specific task , but when you do not know what you be go to be get into , this be the one that I want with I !
188	Flashlight	POS	5	good , strong light , especially when concentrated via the adjustable lens . much more powerful than traditional flashlight i have around the house , and a good price . adjust the focal length , though , seem to inadvertently unscrew the piece below unless you specifically hold they tightly in place , so now i set it at the most focused setting and leave it there .
329	Flashlight	NEG	2	Trust I it feel good in you hand but the lead streamlight for 20 be a better deal . well i say it be 8 dollar
777	Flashlight	POS	4	all in all , give the price , it be worth it . use it just as a pen light it have sufficient power and battery life for it be design purpose .
608	Flashlight	POS	5	have lose my old standby 3-cell maglite after about twenty year of reliable service , I replace it with a new one without shop around for a newer product . while it be possible that someone may improve on this model , or perhaps have do so , I be confident that this new one will not fail either , and can not ask any more for the price .
212	Flashlight	POS	5	great light and deterent . late night walk to the bathroom while camping will be less nerve rack .
365	Flashlight	POS	5	hus i be impress with the service they give . Kept I update the whole way would buy off they again
716	Flashlight	POS	5	I buy this maglite to carry around in my messenger bag for ... misc illumination I guess . I be also impress with the sturdy feel of Maglites and these be no exception . waterproof and quite rugged . the bulb be bright and run very well with the two AAA battery . extremely easy to replace bulb and the fact that you can carry a spare bulb in the cap mean there be always one handy in case of emergency .
818	Flashlight	NEG	1	work great for a week or so . good light except after a week or so it will not stay on . you have to shake it and turn it on and off to get it to come back on . I be go to send it back to Mag Light ...
515	Flashlight	POS	5	I have own 4 conventional -lrb- Krypton -rrb- bulb Maglites over the year and I have run many , many set of battery through they , especially my 2 aa maglite . I 'll just cut to the chase and say that they hit the ball out of the park with this lead version , it be fantastic . the follow observation be with fresh battery in all of the unit : - brightness : the 2 aa lead version be significantly brighter than the 2 AA Krypton bulb version . in fact the 2 aa led be nearly as bright as my 3d cell Krypton bulb maglite ! - clarity : it be no secret that traditional bulb flashlight typically project uneven light pattern with super bright and super dark area in the beam . I find this incredibly annoying and will have to play with the focus of the beam to find something usable . the lead version have this problem solve . the clarity and spread of the light be fantastic . I can flick it on to ANY setting and it be 10x better than the traditional -lrb- Krypton bulb -rrb- maglite in term of clarity and beam focus . I can tell they work a lot on this and they do a great job . - color : this be minor compare to the above , but the lead version put out a cool white beam that be easy on the eye and it seem easier to pick up detail . the conventional bulb version put out a harsher more redish \/ pink beam and after compare the two back to back the lead version be much better . - battery life : do not know yet . I hear the battery should last longer and the circuitry keep the light output up even as the battery go down in charge . Time will tell . I now plan to upgrade all my d cell version with the led upgrade kit . I be very pleased with this purchase . I have make some nasty review in the past , so this this positive review be say something . : -rrb-
397	Flashlight	POS	5	this be the greatest flashlight I have ever use . this have to be the brightest flashlight ever make .
301	Flashlight	NEG	1	overall it be a nice light . it be bright . it be durable . I have own a couple and they never break on I . but it be absolutely inexcusable that there be not a way to lock it on and off . I have never carry one that do not end up get accidentally turn on while in the factory provide sheath . simply put , it be not there when I need it and a simple little button would have fix it and make it perfect .
486	Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy 2 of these flashlight , and both stop work within 2 day of purchase . why can not maglite use the rear push switch like so many other ?
631	Flashlight	NEG	2	my mag charger flashlight be work well a month ago , but today I try it and it be dead . put it on the ac charger , as usual , but after 8 hour it be hot -lrb- the flashlight body -rrb- so I try the light -lrb- still charge -rrb- , and nothing happen . upon open the tailcap , white powder dump out , and the inside be totally corroded . thankfully it do not start a fire or explode . the flashlight be useless now . this be my second battery I have have but it leak badly . ps - I always charge it for at least 12 hour , and this battery be obtain directly from mag instrument .
401	Flashlight	NEG	1	although I have buy and use many mag over the year , the flaw with they and any incandescent light be the bulb filament break at the most inconvenient time . I would recommend a lead flashlight since there be nothing to break , cause immediate darkness . mag have just not keep up with the time . the led be go to replace the bulb in all flashlight shortly .
529	Flashlight	NEG	2	I buy this base on the name and the review . disappoint in the flashlight , not only do it work sometimes but it be not even that bright . most of the time I go to turn it on and nothing happen , even if I unscrew the cap all the way for candle mode I still get nothing . it happen the very first time I try it so it have not be abuse or drop in any way . disappoint on the lack of quality in the pricey flashlight .
855	Flashlight	NEG	1	once upon a time these be consider top of the line , mostly by law enforment that actually prize these light because they be sturdy and they could bash people over the head with they . they be prize more for they club like appearance than the actual crappy beam that come out of they . over the year I have discover numerous company that actually try to make a better light , Surefire , Streamlight , Pelican , and Arc , to name a few . these newer light use newer technology , new xneon bulb and no bulb in the case of the new lead base light . it be too bad that maglite have be leave in the stoneage of lighting product and now from a competitive standpoint must use other means of compete . from recent observation mag have choose to try to simply place lawsuit against they competitor to try to destroy these new line company out of existence . sorry for the rant folk but no discussion of mag can be do without mention they extremely distasteful business practice . so I say to mag , spend you money on research and development , improve you now pitiful light and let you product be you ultimate statement of company direction . fire you vast team of legal expert who continue to be a blight on the civilized world and welcome competition which you apparently find so repugnant . so for anyone who bother to read this , frequent the company I mention above for superior lighting product and boldly step into the 21st century of lighting and see how delightful it can be . the bonus be you can still use you old maglite as club and weapon which they be design to be .
991	Flashlight	NEG	1	light wont stay on . after filing and sand all contact area it improve a little . I still have to bang it to stay on . very disapointed . flashlight from a dollar store be better .
436	Flashlight	NEG	2	I be very excite to get this light ... initially , I like it . out of the packaging , I hook it up to the 18v battery and it work , emit a fairly bright beam . the sale ad say that it come with a `` extra '' bulb , which be not include . I email Amazon regard the issue and they send a 2nd light to my address , instead of send a bulb or two -lrb- ? -rrb- . it be worth mention the the re-ship do not have the extra bulb either . I have pretty much decide to just purchase the other light as well , think I could use one and leave one in the work truck as a spare . then , I be use one of the light , hit it pretty hard with a board I be use in a attic , and it fizzle . I go and get the other light , use it the rest of the morning , then go to use it in the afternoon and it be burn out too - with little to no abuse -lrb- that I can remember -rrb- . I send both of the light back - they be not as durable as they should be . instead , I order two of the flexible-head light -lrb- Dewalt 18V -rrb- . a few of my friend have these and have have no issue . I will leave a review for those as well when I have have time to put they to the test . all in all , this be a bright light , but if you put you equipment to the test day-in and day-out , it might not be the quality you be look for .
375	Flashlight	NEG	1	I have purchase maglight for over 30 year , but the 2 I bouhgt here recently be pure garbage . both , within a matter of day , lose the button cover , both swell up with new , expensive battery and would not work . I be qualify to state this because I have a radio Amatuer , EXTRA class , ke5ldo , for many year , and this have never happen before even in the hot sun ! because they be inside a air condition room I would not expect either problem to happen . I save the bulb , end cap , and the hood in case I be ever givien one . I will not be buy they again !
327	Flashlight	POS	5	great product , have be use mag lite for year and finally wear out my AAA light . but happy to pay the price to have more year of good service .
856	Flashlight	NEG	1	3 week ago , I contact Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-d flashlight , in which the switch fail . the customer service rep ask I for my serial number , which I give she and she assure I that I could get a replacement switch . I give she my name and address and she say that a shipment have just go out , and it would be in the next shipment . that be fine with I . day turn into week . still no part . more day go by . still no part in the mail .  hmmmm . be this how long time customer be treat ? I previous own a variety of they flashlight , from a AAA Solitaire to a 5-d flashlight , at least 5 in total . my dad have purchase in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , start in about '86 when someone else turn he onto Maglites .  customer support be as important to I as the product itself . have customer support become a casualty of a tough economy ?  this long-time customer will have to look at alternative the next time he be buy a flashlight .
168	Flashlight	POS	5	if you primarily want a flashlight you can look elsewhere . this be first and foremost to beat the living daylight out of someone or something that be try to harm you . it be a self-defense club that can do some serious damage . the metal construction combine with the weight of the 6 d-cell battery will bring the pain to bad guy or violent animal . just know that this be capable of do more than just leave bruise or knot and can easily break bone if you go all out with it . the heavy duty construction should be able to provide repeated blow as need to do what be necessary to stop a threat . that be say , this be certainly not concealable if you be look for something non-conspicuous . the 4 or even 3-cell maglite can still pack a decent wallop in a much more compact package . as for the light aspect it do a good job jut like most maglite , but if have a bright light be you main concern you should buy a lead model or get one of the led conversion kit for these as this still come with a incandescent bulb . I would recommend the  terralux ministar31 mr-ex 1000 Lumen LED Upgrade kit for MagCharger Lights  you burn time will also be much better with a lead model . even so , it be still a pretty decent flashlight even with the stock bulb .
695	Flashlight	NEG	1	I have 4 of they . they constantly have problem . bulb be easily shatter . the proprietary bulb be expensive . the rubber protector fall of of one . if a battery leak you can just trow the flashlight away , the inside be so tight the battery get stick forever . they guarantee be basically useless as they 'll blame the battery manufacturer . the aluminum machining make get the bottom on and off difficult , easily cross thread . my one star review be because they do not deserve they reputation . it be a good flashlight but they have not do anything for year to improve all the problem . do not expect they to last longer than other quality flashlight .
419	Flashlight	NEG	1	why cheat you customer with such a high price , -lrb- nearly double -rrb- ? and then try to suggest that be be actually one-half off ? would it not make more sense to price they in accordance with the normal marketplace and point out the virtue of the camo to hunter , camper , etc ? count I out .
464	Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy a 2 aa Mini LED . the first one last about a week . it start flicker just like the two guy mention in there review . it be useless now . I wait to long to return to lowe . so a few month past before I get around to deal with the problem . I purchase the same exact light from Home depot in a town a hour and half away . I be sure you can guess what I have plan . to my amazement the replacement never work out the box . just do the flickering thing . I be not a review writer type of of guy , but this have get I boil over . I like mag lite just not the lead 's . do you self a favor and stay clear of this piece of garbage !
831	Flashlight	NEG	1	I use the flashlight 3 time . the bulb burn out and the replacement also fail . I smell burn material . should I contact dewalk for replacement
550	Flashlight	NEG	1	these be fine in they day , but have be eclipse by much better , brighter aa or aaa flashlight . I decide to try upgrade two old one I own to the newer led and xenon bulb . both bulb be available at the box store and very reasonable . sadly , neither bulb do much to improve the amount of light these Mini MagLites produce . I do not test lumen or anything like that . I just add fresh battery , turn they on in a room with daylight come into it , and you could just see a small circle of light on the wall at 6 ' . at 8 ' they be almost invisible . better technology have pass these by .
307	Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be versatile and give bright light and be lightweight to use . as you would expect from DEWALT , this flashlight be worth the purchase price of $ 29 that I pay for it on Amazon . excelent work light or to have around the house .
746	Flashlight	NEG	1	this look like a nice flashlight until it fall . since then , I can not open the back anymore , so I can not even replace the battery . -lrb- try with really strong pliers , but even that do not work . -rrb- moreover , the lamp break in the fall and I can not access the spare the the same reason . simply have to throw it out . I would rather have high quality plastic . no more maglite for I .
785	Flashlight	POS	5	I first encounter this flashlight during a `` ride along '' with a police officer friend of mine . for a few week , while I be consider become a reserve police officer , the local police department be nice enough to allow I to ride along with my friend Dave , who be a police officer for we local department . all they police car have the mag rx1019 's wire into the patrol car . now , I have have mag flash light -lrb- the battery power kind -rrb- over the year . however , when I first see my friend light up the night with the rx1019 , I could not believe how bright it be ! I ask he what sort of flash light it be and he show I it be a rechargeable mag . I be sort of shock ; after all , my mag light look the same -lrb- san the recharge stuff -rrb- , but be not even half as bright . Dave explain it be because the mag light in the car be always fully charge . wow , what a difference . after a few month of ride along , I decide against become a police officer . however , I do end up buy several of the mag rx1019 flash light . I even buy one for my Dad for Xmas . let I tell you , this be about the best flash light you can buy . it be always charge and ready to go - you never have to look for battery . it be super bright and really do a amazing job light up the night . in fact , it be practically like have a car headlight in you hand ! : - -rrb- that be how bright this thing be . the flash light really take a beating and be very well make . you can also buy aftermarket nimh battery if\/when need and these not only have no `` memory effect '' , but double the charge capacity . overall , short of spend hundred of dollar , this be the best flash light money can buy in my opinion . I use mine constantly . I live out in the forest and this flash light work great for light up the night and\/or when you want to shine it up into a distant tree to find a owl , etc. . if you be look for a top quality flash light , this be the one to get . I would give it 10 star if I could . . that be how fantastic a light it be .
830	Flashlight	POS	5	good , steady , bright beam that be package in such a heavy package that it give a nice sense of security when wander the house look for the source of suspicious noise at night . I have get some of the smaller version too for the kitchen and car , but this be the ultimate one .
764	Flashlight	POS	5	great flashlight , extreamly durable , the lumination be wonderful . overall great flashlight .
48	Flashlight	POS	5	this product be one of those rare instance when perfection be nearly achieve . its primary purpose as a light source , and a adjustable one at that , be well know and without equal . the quality be impeccable , and that law enforcement officer utilize they , be a testament to they reliability .  however to minimize this marvel of engineering to a source of portable light , be to commit a injustice . like many item that have become the very definition of they product niche , they original task , become one use amongst many .  joggers\/runners\/walkers : we have all see the aforementioned progress down the street carry a stick to ward off any overly enthusiastic , allegedly domesticate , pet . now other than throw say stick in the hope the quadruped in question will chase it , I do not think it will deter a Doberman , Ratweiler , or pit bull . with the likelihood of have one swipe at self-defense , on the off chance you connect , unlike a stick , this will get they attention . if two be carry , you can save the cost of those bag of buckshot that serve as weight when velcroe around the wrist .  one reviewer , -lrb- a friend -rrb- , mention how `` cute '' the tiniest of these be . no argument here . however , in the event of a assailant , anything larger than a Gerbil , and you be out of luck . but unlike those pouch people have be wear around they waist , which if I may digress , be the ugliest blast appendage , get you self a snazzy o-ring . you will be on the cut edge of fashion well before the Chanel version appear in `` Cosmo '' . and as far as utility , the next time a officer of the law approach you car , notice what he or she carry , and how he or she carry it . oh yeah , that be why they have they out during broad daylight !  for the Gardeners out there , no more run back for the hammer when a tomato stake need attention . for the Winter Sportsman or woman , this will come in handy when head out to you ice fishing shack and you find a layer of ice over you fishing hole . one swing and you do , just keep a firm grip , as they do not exactly give these away .  Doorstop , ice-pick replacement , and signal safety light , the use be limit only by you ingenuity . if these be any more effective , there would be a 3-day wait period to buy one .
945	Flashlight	POS	5	you can never find a bulb for the sear craftsman flash light . it blow they out if you bump the flashlight . waste time !!! spend a little $ get the DEWALT I have 3 -lrb- SEARS be way to much $ -rrb- Amazon have best price for bulb too ! 18 volt .
41	Flashlight	POS	5	this be the best , most usable flashlight I have ever use . get a bright color or silver so you can find it in the DARK . significant advantage over cheap throw-away light : - aluminum construction make it durable and beautiful . - great size for the hand - relatively light weight -lrb- but heavier than cheap plastic light ! -rrb- - Extra bulb hold within the flashlight ! - take two common aa battery - candle function . neat ! - focusable beam change from wide to narrow and bright . - come with a durable cloth holster . this be my flashlight of choice for around the house , toolbox , camping , and emergency kit . it be tough , reliable , and look pretty nice too . I do not recommend the camo design - it can be easy to lose if you drop it outside !
800	Flashlight	POS	4	these be a replacement for a set I have buy year ago and one have break . I really like these bracket as they allow I to keep my mag lite flashlight in a conspicuous spot and allow easy removal when need . my only concern be that they do break after a couple of year . I would like to see a softer more flexible plastic use in they construction , thus ensure a longer lasting product . of course with the reasonable price I feel they be still a good buy .
835	Flashlight	POS	5	I need a small compact flashlight for work and after check several review , I decide to get this one . I love the adjustable light feature simply by turn the lens -lrb- knob -rrb- at the top of the flashlight . it adjust from a wide view to a nice sharp concentrated beam . it also have a `` candle '' feature . the lens unscrew from the base . you set the lens on a flat surface and then set the base `` inside '' the lens so the bulb be expose give you the `` candle '' effect . I have only use it a few time so far so I be not sure how fast it will eat up battery , but for the light itself - I would buy again .
31	Flashlight	POS	5	the 2 c-cell maglight be durable and reliable . be a pilot I use a flashlight for all night flight . for safety 's sake I can not afford to have a flashlight with a flimsy switch , cheap construction etc. . Mag Instruments make a great light period .  the 2 c-cell model be a bit large for the average kitchen drawer or auto glove compartment . but it work great for aviation and should be equally suit for boat , camp etc. .
697	Flashlight	NEG	2	this flashlight have very average brightness . the beam that it produce be very uneven . battery life be average . basically , it be the Chevy Caviler of flashlight . if you be interested in top performance , check out flashlight from Fenix , Streamlight or Surefire . they will cost more , but there be a night and day difference . a similarly size flashlight that produce 10x the brightness with a very smooth and even light be the surefire g2 .
859	Flashlight	NEG	1	I buy two of these , they both last less than a week , then the switch start change all on they own while use they . the be both unreliable and worthless to use at this point . too bad really ... because they be be great when they work . rip maglite aa lead flashlight without a redesign .
779	Flashlight	POS	5	I have a Mini Maglite flashlight attach to my Leatherman Tool for may year . the back be lose on my old one a few week ago . I be glad that they be still available in that size . Amizon.com be the best .
281	Flashlight	POS	5	very bright little flashlight . nice little pouch with it fit almost anywhere but be as bright as a larger flash light . still use initial battery have have for 2 + month .
849	Flashlight	POS	5	quede impresionado con el tama & ntilde ; o de la linterna !! es de muy buena calidad y resistente !! gracia Amazon !! lo recomiendo ampliamente !!!
832	Flashlight	NEG	1	I have have three maglite , which be not expose to rugged use . even though the battery and bulb be still good , they no longer operate . somehow it appear that the connection or wiring have fail !
898	Flashlight	POS	5	seem more powerful than the original flashlight that come as a pkg with the drill . nothing like have the pivot head !
196	Flashlight	NEG	2	wow . never buy another torch again ! portable light , without heat . this thing be _ AMAZING _ . beware , it do eat battery . also , do not look directly into the fire , as it may temporarily blind you ! mag be back with another winner here !
953	Flashlight	POS	5	in Japan this be the best item to examine pupil reflex for light and to see palate or tonsil .
891	Flashlight	NEG	2	I be want a good small flash light I can use when work on my car , have previous buy a maglite 3-d flash light , I want to buy another Maglite . but this mini flash light be not bright at all , and the beam be very small . the cheap chinese flash light I buy be brighter then this one . overall I be very unsatisfied with this product .
625	Flashlight	NEG	1	many of you must have notice that various manufacturer of power tool be `` give away '' flashlight with cordless drill , etc. . well , this be how they make money , by charge $ 5 for one flashlight bulb ! what a ripoff . in my experience , these light bulb be cheaply manufacture and blow out in matter of week , not year . I recommend that you search for `` 4-led flashlight '' on Amazon.com and , for a bit more money , buy one of these lead model for which you never have to replace the bulb .
