index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
340	Gloves	POS	5	these glove fit tight to the skin while increase you grip and provide some protection . the key here be to wear the right glove for the job . if I be handle something sharp , I 'll wear something heavier than these . perhaps the only flaw be in the labeling that these be heavy utility . I have be use these as a general work glove for a year now and love the fact that I still have some `` feel '' with these . I plan on pick up the framer style for situation that require more finger dexterity .
960	Gloves	POS	4	I have be use my harbinger 1260 for approximately three week . the padding on the 1260s take a little get use to . the majority of my weight training be on machine that have rubber padding on the grip . this make grip with the Harbingers a little awkward at first , but I get use to it after a couple of workout . only time will tell whether these glove hold up as well as my old Nikes . I use those for over three year -lrb- they be lose -rrb- lifting weight 3 time a week .
488	Gloves	NEG	2	I be only 5 ' 7 '' , 133 lb , a small guy . I order these man 's glove , size m. size m arrive . although they appear and feel nice , they be way too small for I . for decade , all size m glove fit I fine , but not these . I give they to my wife -lrb- they fit she -rrb- .
880	Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove because the price be too good to pass up . these same glove cost more than double at the local store . I have use these glove for year . they be very good work glove
944	Gloves	POS	4	I be skeptical of these glove when they arrive . they seem so thin . but after about one month of everyday use , I be very pleased .  I be tire of get sore hand from my generic leather glove . they seem to have lump and bump that irritate my hand . so I decide to try the Ironclad .  I have use they for all of these task : move lumber , handle and splitting firewood , handle barbwire -lrb- do not get poke in the palm , just lucky ? -rrb- , digging and just general use to protect my hand . I even wear they while use my digital camera .  the dexterity be excellent . I have be able to pick up and hold nail and screw with the glove on .  i wear the glove more because of the great dexterity . the regular leather glove have to come off to do most small task , while the Ironclad can be worn most of the time .  the glove do not so any sign of wear , so far . the only thing they do not offer be wrist protection . they be short and not good for wet work . that be why I give they four star , instead of five . but they be easy to carry in you pocket .  two day ago I be handle firewood -lrb- without the glove -rrb- and get a big splinter in my thumb . I 'll never do that again ...
825	Gloves	POS	5	these glove fit well , have a improve palm padding material . the thumb and forefinger have extra material know that with this type of glove this be the point that will get the most wear . Extra material at the finger tip too . well make , I would buy they again .
336	Gloves	NEG	1	Waterproof ? not even close . they be also not warm . however , they be great work glove . just do not plan on use they in the cold or where they may get expose to wetness .
874	Gloves	NEG	2	these glove fit very well , and be very comfortable . that be the only reason i do not give they 1 star . I have be use they for weight lifting at the gym - not exactly work ! after a few month , the palm stitching be go in many place and one seam split . a `` heavy utility '' glove should last at least a year in the gym for I to spend this much money on it . have to search for a different kind .
526	Gloves	NEG	2	I love these glove but they will not last . you would be lucky to get a year out of they . I guess they be cheap enough to buy new one every 7 month or so .
753	Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove for my husband to protect he hand from become dry and crack . he drive a delivery truck and lift bundle of linen tie with string . when I read about these glove , it sound as though they would be durable and waterproof . they be neither . we have have they for approx . 2 month and 4 out of 5 finger on each hand have tear through the tip . poor !!
479	Gloves	POS	4	I buy these swim glove in yellow , in order to be see on we busy lake in the summer . my husband like they so much he ask that i order a pair for he . I think they run a little large , and they stretch , so order they a bit smaller .
339	Gloves	NEG	1	I use to count one ironclad glove , but for the last three year or so , the quality of workmanship have fall off dramatically . the stitch between finger unravel well before there be wear to leather portion . they look cool , and fit well , but if they come apart , they become dangerous around equipment .
378	Gloves	POS	5	these glove have work really well for above freezing temperature . the couple of day that we have some temperature between 10-20  my finger get a little cold , but these be only rate for temperature above 32  F. like with any work glove , you still have to take they off to manipulate small thing -lrb- nut , bolt , etc. -rrb- these glove also come with a free hat , which be nice , but it do seem to run a little small . overall a great purchase and the glove work for my need very well .
472	Gloves	NEG	1	these be extremely uncomfortable workout glove . I use a few time then purchase another brand . would strongly recommend against purchase these .
396	Gloves	NEG	2	these glove be not the worst I have ever have , but they be really not up to the rigor of outdoor work in cold climate . Wet snow seep right through the material . and if it be rain , forget it . you hand will be wet and numb with cold in minute . and to top it off , they smell musty and mildewy -- eeew ! I be still look for a decent pair of outdoor work glove , so I would love to hear some suggestion .
116	Gloves	POS	4	the glove be a little small , so I get a larger pair . the larger pair be the right size , but the finger be a little long . this make it a little discomfort when you squeeze a bar . but its minor . not a big deal , but that why I give they a 4 instead of a 5 . other than that they be nice and good quality . would recommend .
623	Gloves	NEG	1	these glove be great for everything except the cold they be the worst winter glove ever have . they acually will make you hand colder if its cold outside . I use they during the fall before it get cold . the waterproofing work well though . do not buy these glove for cold weather !
425	Gloves	NEG	2	these may be decent glove for beginner but if you be a decent amateur fighter , train semus seriously , or throw heavy punch on the bag , pick another glove . I use these glove for about 3 week and the middle knuckle on my left hand be start to hurt from throw a lot of jab . I think I be just go to have to bite the bullet and buy a more expensive more serious hook and loop glove as these just dont do the job .
598	Gloves	NEG	1	I order the 14 oz in red . they fit well , have the right amount of padding for spar and moderate heavy bag work , and the lining breathe well and do not smell . after the fourth use , however , they begin to split at the seam and the stuffing start to come out . I would love to think it be because I punch that hard , but I think it be because these be not make well or be defective . return they and buy more expensive glove .
681	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be a true life saver when it come to change dirty diaper -lrb- or any diaper -rrb- in we nursery . they fit well and do not tear when be put on .
341	Gloves	POS	5	swim glove . I use they to increase water exercise for my arm . it be like use weight but easier to use .
241	Gloves	POS	5	I have short wide hand . these well fitting glove allow I to work in the yard with good control of tool . the elasticity make for a geat fit , and they breath well . here in humid Florida , that be important . I be very pleased with they .
870	Gloves	POS	5	these be heavy duty , thick glove . some user may be use to \/ prefer they glove on the thinner side . thankfully , I read some review and actually measure my hand in the manner recommend by the manufacturer prior to order . base upon a old pair of glove I have my first instinct be to order a size medium . base upon Harbinger 's size guide , I be right on the break between size large and x-large . base upon reviewer comment , I go with the x-large size . and , I be glad I do . they fit very snugly and I can not imagine the large size would even fit I .
512	Gloves	POS	5	I live the the hot and humid southeast US and get these as a outdoor wood glove for which they seem to work nice . hopefully they will hold up over time . I be glad that I choose the XL over the large since they come a little tighter than expect but I be confident they will stretch with use . overall a nice glove with good hand protection that I feel will handle anything I throw at they .
812	Gloves	NEG	2	the glove might be warmer if they have a thicker liner .
563	Gloves	POS	4	I get these for work in Antarctica . so far no complaint , my hand stay warm on most day here but occasionaly get a little chill . I think I buy XL but get large instead , a little snug at first but once break in a good fit . the tightness might have something to do with my hand get cold .
1	Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove and they have hole in they in a three day . the stitching come out . they be crap . $ 25 for what ? if you actually work for a living just get a pair of regular leather work glove . these might be fine for weekend warrior but I be a landscaper and these glove just do not cut it . honestly , do not waste you money .
442	Gloves	POS	5	I have problem grip so it be tough when the water weight come out in my Aqua fitness class . I buy these glove hope they would give I similar resistance . they do ! I can not believe what a great workout they help I achieve .
529	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great . they fit really well . my finger can move completely freely as if they be a second skin . and they be durable . I use they for everything and highly recommend they .
864	Gloves	POS	5	these glove make my water exercise program more intense . the glove be larger and stiffer than the one I have before . my arm feel stronger already .
173	Gloves	NEG	2	the first day i use these I be hang drywall with screw . about 2 hour into it the DuraClad on the thumb and index finger of the left glove be wear through -lrb- something that do not happen with good leather glove -rrb- and the seam be come apart . so , I wrap 'em with duct tape and that do the trick .  i like the velcro at the wrist and the fit be good for my hand , but I doubt I 'll buy 'em again . I can buy three pair of good leather glove at Costco for less than one pair of these , i.e. more glove-life for the money witout the hassle . if they get the price point down maybe I would buy again .  use several layer of duct tape and glue down the various piece of DuraClad as soon as they start come off , the glove last about a month and a half . maybe it should be not-very-durable-duraclad . I guess for lighter duty they have work well , but not for remodel work I put 'em through .
582	Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove because they come highly recommend on a photographer ' chat site I frequent . I wear they one night when it be only ~ 30f out -lrb- ~ 20 if you include wind chill -rrb- for just a couple of hour and end up with frostbite . they do not live up to they name . do not waste you money .
242	Gloves	POS	4	ok I would have give these glove a 3 1\/2 star rating . I think they be great for work around the house or fishing . I have not try they out in cold weather so I can not speak to how they would do keep you hand warm . they be well construct and I have use they for yard work and fishing . they keep my hand dry and clean . Amazon have a good price and they arrive fast . overall a good expereince .
789	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great for just about everything . they be well make and have great padding for you fist . Ive upload photo of the product which do come with the new yellow `` e '' Everlast logo . these glove be firm so if you do want to do any kind of spar both partner should have proper protective headgear on . if you be look for a great pair of training glove and do not want to spend of $ 30 these be a awesome buy . I order the 16 oz glove which be not to large be small .
750	Gloves	POS	5	I im new to boxing and dind know the weight that i should buy for my training globe , I recommend this 16oz , they be heavy enough . they fit well , solid and look nice .
977	Gloves	POS	5	I love work out without any glove and I do not mind have callus on my hand . however , I purchase this glove for health\/sanitary reason . I hear that the weight be actually one of the dirtiest item . as a matter of fact , you can get some skin disease from it . when the package arrive , I inspect the glove . the glove be well make and it seem sturdy enough to last for long time . I believe this be a worth while purchase and hopefully it can last a long time . until I have a personal gym at home , this glove seem like it will do the job .
675	Gloves	NEG	2	I just get it today and one of my glove have a loose thread and there be a hole where the fabric and the band that go around you wrist meet . Pretty crappy material . not impressed at all .
746	Gloves	POS	5	I buy these glove to hit the heavy bag and practice my Krav Maga when I be not use my Harbinger MMA style glove . I can not speak to the durability of these glove because I have have they a week and only use they once but they seem decent . they do the job with protection and the mesh ventiliation allow for some cooling -lrb- if that be possible with wrap -rrb- . I would recommend these glove . I like the velcro because I can use my tooth to get the second glove on . as other have mention , the only downside be the smell . holy smoke they smell like they be forge by mutant in a radioactive toxic waste dump and have the ability to easily stink up a small non-ventilated space , even when not in use . I be hope that fade over time and my better smell BO take over . put these glove on , wear you three wolf shirt to the gym , and do not be surprise when the lady start throw they phone number at you .
992	Gloves	POS	5	i receive the item within a few day , it be very fast . the quality be also amazing i be love it
519	Gloves	POS	4	the Harbinger pro FlexClosure glove be a terrific addition to anyone 's workout gear . I have problem with my hand and these glove make a strong effort possible during my workout . the fit be nearly perfect . they suggest I measure my hand before order . good thing I do . I would never have order the large glove when in fact they be exactly what I need . well make and very comfortable !
504	Gloves	POS	5	I buy these for lap swimming not realize that they be fingertip . this make they a little heavy for my purpose , but I can imagine that they would be great in the ocean -- where they be intend to be use .
790	Gloves	POS	5	before get this glove , it actually kinda hurt work out , but with these on , I feel like i can workout much longer . it give a very good grip , however , for I , the thumb part be a tiny bit to narrow . I really hope it will lossen up a little after use . great glove ~
460	Gloves	NEG	2	the extra large pinch between my finger . I do not have giant hand and have other harbinger that fit great .
762	Gloves	NEG	1	I also work for a major delivery company in the distribution center . grant , we handle a huge number of box -lrb- over 1,000 per hour -rrb- , but these glove wear out in less than a week . the first two day the glove perform wonderfully and make my job easier , but on the third day the rubber coating begin to wear off . by the end of day four , the smooth leather be show through . by the end of day five , the fingertip be all bare of the rubber coating and the terry cloth sweat wipe be start to fail . if you be only handle a small number of package , then maybe these will work for you . otherwise , you might want to wait until ironclad issue they new version , which be suppose to be a box handler glove for those that actually handle box for a living . for now , I do not think the money be at all well spend consider I only get one week of use .
350	Gloves	NEG	2	I work as a delivery driver for one of the parcel company , handle about 2,000 package a week . these glove do not last three week , and by that time the fingertip have serverd and a nice hole develop at the palm . I can not imaging how they would last in-building where 5,000 piece be handle in one night . surely Ironclad could have develop this glove with feedback and field testing from actual box handler before label they as such .
641	Gloves	NEG	2	these just feel bulky in all the wrong place of the hand . after use they for lift my hand -lrb- nerves\/ligaments -rrb- be actually hurt , especially towards the end of the workout -lrb- while they do not hurt while do the same set w\/o the glove on prior day -rrb- . I have average hand and order size l - yet they be very tight still - difficult to put on and even more pain to take off later -lrb- have to pull off each finger separately -rrb- . it be funny , I have some glove that come with a Makita circular saw and since I have nothing else I use those for lifting - and my hand feel much more comfortable in those glove than in these . I would not recommend these glove .
191	Gloves	POS	5	my hand be extremely calloused and rough before buy these glove . so much so that they even have harden area that would hurt people when I shake hand . if you be go to be lift extremely heavy weight these be the glove to buy . they have a great fit . they be snug but do not cut off circulation . I would highly recommend these glove to anyone that do weight training .
506	Gloves	POS	5	this be my second pair . I be still use the old one -lrb- about 4 year old -rrb- and this one look more rugged .
759	Gloves	NEG	2	the glove be good for cold weather with 200g of insulation but for snow removal\/wet snow removal in 30 min 's my hand be cold and still dry . I could see the break down in the glove 's ability to be waterproof . however I buy these glove to keep my hand dry , waterproof , and warm . these glove fail in the warm category . when the glove 's get wet and start retain water my hand get cold this happen about 30 min 's into snow removal . the work part of the glove have hold up for be tough .
87	Gloves	POS	4	I buy a pair of these for a week long snorkele trip . I think they help I get around in the water quite a bit . I use the size chart on the Speedo website to get my size . I would say if you in-between size on the chart to choose the smaller size as they may run a little big .
494	Gloves	NEG	1	these glove split a seam -- one on the back of the hand , near the thumb -- the second time I use they . and , no , I do not have fat hand : the glove fit well , they just be not make well .
862	Gloves	NEG	2	I buy a pair of these as a workout set for heavy bag use , and have be mostly disappoint with they for that purpose . pro : Easy on and off , even put they on by yourself . wrist strap be simple and hold well . breathe surprisingly well for the design . con : even with hand wrap on , I find my right glove to fit too poorly to absorb punch well ; the design make it hard to form a proper fist without try to grip the glove into a proper position to do so . the left I have no problem with for some reason , maybe just have a bad pair ? the padding make blow glance off of the bag to a degree that it make I feel like I be risk injury when use they for actual impact punch . grip make my hand feel too open when punch , can not grip a tight fist ... my hand would be bruise or very sore after even a modest workout with they .
76	Gloves	NEG	2	this show glove with a velcro wrist . what I recieve be two pair with zipper . the zipper be very low quality and more suit for doll clothes than athletic equipment . the zipper pull break after a few month of use and I have to sew the sipper shut . I would not recommend these cheaply make glove .
521	Gloves	NEG	1	I use a pair of these glove for less than a month and the stitch on the finger give out in one place and have start to come apart in about 3 other . I have use the glove around my home , do light carpentry and groundswork .  it appear from the review that I be not the only one to have this problem .  i call Ironclad and they say , probably defective , no problem just return to amazon - which I do , and receive a full refund .  I would be willing to try they again , but I end up purchase a different brand from a local vender .
410	Gloves	POS	5	these glove really add to my water exercise experience . I love they . they create more resistance and give more water exercise option . they fit true to size . great product .
234	Gloves	POS	5	while I will not profess to know what these be make of , I do know that they serve the purpose intend by my family . these be not intend as a costume , nor as welding glove . my family use these to reach into the oven and or grill and not be burn . in that role , they perform very well . good utility for less than $ 10 .
622	Gloves	NEG	1	I buy this item and it never come !!! why I dont KNOW BUT IT NEVER COME to MY HOUSE
66	Gloves	POS	4	fit well , be comfortable . the big plus and minus be that these do not have the velcro wrist closure like the original . . this mean they be easier and more convenient -lrb- and hence more likely to be use -rrb- . . the minus be the minor possibility of debris enter at the wrist . . buy these . .
370	Gloves	POS	4	the Gloves look good . I be hope these glove have a little more padding , but overall I have see much less padding in most other . overall i would recommend as they also look very nice .
194	Gloves	NEG	2	barely use they a couple of time briefly and I already notice a couple of the seam become undo . they look and feel nice when new but I do not know how long they 'll hold up if I ever need to use they for a prolonged period of time . next time I 'll purchase another brand .
680	Gloves	NEG	1	these glove be comfortable to wear , however the leather separate and disintegrate on the middle finger on the SECOND use . these be not heavy duty glove as advertise . not even light duty glove . very disappoint .
230	Gloves	NEG	1	we company install manufacture housing and we need glove that be very durable and comfortable I think that these glove would do the trick so I buy 5 pair for my crew several different size from Med to xlarge Hevy Utility after only a couple of day they start to fall apart the Duraclad re-enforcement pad peel away and the leather palm develop hole in they but I do have to say that they be extremly comfortable though not very useful in cold weather or in wet muddy condition I dont think I will purchace the cold weather version of these glove either  none of OUR GLOVES last more than a month
785	Gloves	POS	5	the item be good but DHL just drop the box next to my door and leave it there for I , for my neighbor or for somebody else . for whom ? who know that clever delivery guy or bloody excellent DHL 's customer-service . I be at home but the delivery guy do not knock at my door , and I just hear the noise of fall box on the floor . dhl - good on you ! excellent job ! perfect reputation !
277	Gloves	NEG	2	these glove have the worst synthetic lining I have ever see , it already tear in the wrist -lrb- leave the padding loose -rrb- and finger area .
83	Gloves	NEG	1	buy these glove . no wrist wrap and there be no wrist support whatsoever . try use these to bench press - better off with glove that have wrist wrap . would not buy another pair and would not recommend they to anyone .
603	Gloves	POS	5	pick these up before replace my front and rear disc brake and rotor . they be fantastic glove that fit great , keep my hand clean and protected , and seem to be extremely well manufacture and durable . I 'll never do car work again without a pair .
511	Gloves	NEG	1	on my second workout the palm on one of the glove tear . I also find these glove to be quite uncomfortable compare to other glove .
91	Gloves	POS	4	I have use these Speedo Aqua Fit train swim glove for about a week and compare to my previous product with the flimsy nylon top , these baby be substantial . you clearly feel the add pull effort in you shoulder and lat . I measure my palm and I select the medium size . unfortunately the thumb be make for a different primate than I ... LOL . I should have select the large size glove . I can still use they but the construction of the web\/thumb interface negate the benefit of measure you palm as the basis for size . they be make of thick neoprene . I 'll wear these until they wear out then I 'll order a Larger size . I also go with the bright yellow glove as one reviewer think they seem to be construct more solidly . I do not think that have much to do with the thumb\/web issue describe . I can move through the water with normal swimming or use they with my stationary workout in my exercise pool while tethered via a swim belt without any noticeable `` ballooning '' of the glove . they be snug . perhaps they will stretch a little with time . I dry they on a round plastic container for slight stretch . these glove be a excellent value . great offering by Amazon !
265	Gloves	NEG	2	do not like these glove , I have small hand and buy medium since the review say they run a little small . still too big ! I guess they be ok for lift dumb bell , but for pull exercise do not help . . back , pull up .
936	Gloves	NEG	1	I purchase these glove and start a small remodeling job the next day . after one day of demo one of the finger seam have start to come apart . on day two we frame and they develop a few small hole in the palm . for the money spend I could have get three pair of leather work glove that would of last three month . if you work hard these glove be the wrong choice .
30	Gloves	NEG	2	the quality of the item be decent but for my palm the pad be too thick . I have get small palm . when I do pool exercise I can not have good grip of the bar or dam bell so it fill uncomfortable . now I use Nike training glove which be very thin and thin one I keep for other time .
961	Gloves	POS	5	I use these for tactical a shooting . they be great . true to size . grip and pad where you need it and not where you do not . highly reccomend .
555	Gloves	POS	5	I have only get to use they 2 or 3 time since I get they but the certainly help a lot with exercise like pull-up . they have a fair amount of padding so it be a bit odd to hold bar and thick rubber grip on machine , but I get use to it pretty fast .
119	Gloves	NEG	2	this be my first attempt at lift glove , so I do not have a lot to compare it to . but these glove be a disappointment . they be both too loose and too tight . my hand be about medium length for a guy , but they be kind of petite and small with regard to width of palm and digit . I buy these glove in extra-large . they be too small in that they kinda pinch the webbed skin in between each finger . they be kind of painful . and they be too big overall , lot of extra fabric , all over . they be just too big for I . I do not believe there be any size of this harbinger glove that would fit my hand . on the positive side , the Harbinger glove have a -lrb- somewhat -rrb- grippy material on the palm that will help you get a better grip on the weight . this be good , because it feel kind of scary holding weight when I can not feel they like I use to . I hate lose the sense of touch that come from wear no glove . but the callus be get to be a problem . the biggest problem with these glove , though , be they basic design . when you bend you hand to hold a bar , you have all this extra fabric that bunch up at the intersection between you palm and finger . the solution , of course , be to find a glove that come pre-bent , so that you can not easily flatten you hand , but when you bend you hand and finger around the bar , there be not any extra fabric to bunch up . today a buy a new pair of glove at my gym . they be `` Valeo Ocelot Lifting Glove '' size medium . these be really comfortable and actually fit my hand . the inside of the glove feel great . one problem be that the palm side of the glove have no grippy material , so it be hard to get a great grip on the bar . that make I really nervous , because lose you grip on the bar could be disastrous . and these Valeo glove have the same problem as the Harbinger glove - when you bend you hand around the bar , all this extra fabric bunch up at the intersection between you palm and finger . this really mess up my ability to get a good grip on the bar . so , the Valeo glove be a much better fit than the Harbinger glove . but neither be great . I need to find a `` pre-bent '' glove with a great grippy material , and less fabric overall to bunch up . if you know of one , please comment . thanks .
273	Gloves	NEG	2	I have have multiple pair of Harbinger glove but a different model in the past . -lrb- and have always be satisfy -rrb- the XL 's of this model be so small I think they have to be a woman 's size . FYI , this model seem to run very small in the XL size .
250	Gloves	NEG	1	Got these for Christmas on the 25th ... destroy they on the 26th . although the glove absorb the impact of some bag strike , the pleather rip after only a few hit . these be not bag glove , and they will quickly fall apart with even light bag training .
84	Gloves	NEG	1	absolutely do not buy these glove . at least not from Rogers Goods . not 1 hour after i start use the glove to rake the leaf off of my driveway the stitch on the back of 3 finger , 2 on one glove and 1 on the other , that connect the fabric to the leather have completely fall out . the glove be no longer stitch together so its pointless even try to use they again . the glove also give off a horrible musty odor like they have be sit around for 10 year . keep in mind the stitching be on the back of the glove , like where nothing would usually be rub on they , seem like a good design but these basically fall apart in my hand .
17	Gloves	NEG	2	big deal . I , ve have better luck with weightlifter glove .2 week time and they start to unravel . the terry cloth for wipe sweat be a good idea though . hardly worth the 20 buck Ipaid for they .
107	Gloves	POS	5	this be a replacement pair for the original speedo swim glove that have a zipper on the side . the other pair I use for over five year in a morning water work-out class three day a week . the glove really help to build the back and arm muscle . these new one have a velcro closure instead of a zipper fit but stay on firmly throughout the class . I definitely get my money 's worth on the last pair and if these last near as long I 'll be thrill .
15	Gloves	POS	5	we buy these to pound on a punch bag and they work great for it . I have never own glove before and would not know good from bad , but these do a great job at what we get they for !
75	Gloves	NEG	1	present image be completely misguide . image show circular forney logo , white band below wrist , and light gray over hand and top wrist . what i recieved be a pair of gray welding glove line in black with a single word Forney Logo on the top wrist . if i know they would be like this i would never have buy they . these be completely Gray and the image do not show black lining .
831	Gloves	POS	5	I buy these for my sister 's 20th birthday gift . she love they ! they fit great , work perfect , and be very stylish ! I could not have get anything better for she !
929	Gloves	POS	4	these be well make glove ... -lrb- I have not have they long -rrb- but the padding that I get they for be in all the wrong place . I get these specifically for bench press heavy weight , but the padding be all in the finger and upper part of the hand . there should be more in the lower palm where all the weight sit . that be say , they be nice and snug and feel durable . I have not have similar problem as other with not be able to close my hand for different exercise . I like these glove overall .
138	Gloves	POS	5	I find these glove to fit my need perfectly . they be durable , comfortable , and get the job do . I switch to these from store brand glove that have wrist support , after have positive experience with other harbinger product . these seem to hold up much longer , and be a pleasure to use . I be 5 ' 11 '' , with a slim build , and hand that may be a bit on the smaller side ... but I decide to go with the medium size glove since that be the size I buy for all my clothes . I can not speak for people of different sizes\/builds , but for I they fit and work great . if you be look for a solid pair of glove and do not need wrist support , give these a try . I recently purchase a backup pair to have on hand just in case my original ever wear out . these be my new glove of choice unless\/until I find something that be somehow better .
891	Gloves	POS	4	these be decent quality for a good price . notice they rip at the bottom a few time while pull they on .
522	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be much tougher than latex one . after wear they for a while , they do not become loose . this be a good product .
216	Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove because the glove I have be use be tear a part . I be not impressed . I have Schwinn biking glove , buy they 4 year ago for $ 15 at Walmart but hardly use they so when I hit the gym I decide to use they instead of bare hand . they have a very rough surface -lrb- leatherish i think -rrb- and I have no issue with they for 2 year ! these glove already in a month seem to be lose they grip and I have to constantly wash they to remove every little grease\/sweat\/dirt which seem to make they lose they grip . I hardly wash , maybe throw they in the washer once or twice , the Schwinn glove . they be just not worth . I be so worried about the grip on the bench I have to use tissue paper just to make sure they will not slip . for glove make for the very purpose of grip , they be just not impressive . they be definitely more comfortable but when you be bench hundred of lb you do not want something that feel great to you skin you wana know that it be not go to slip and these glove just do not do that .
615	Gloves	NEG	2	these glove be ok but however when i punch the bag alot with wrap on i start to feel my knuckle hurt .
854	Gloves	NEG	1	I swim 50 lap every week & it be start to hurt my hand , so I think I would try some swim glove . I buy these & by the time I get to the end of the pool , I want they off ! it feel like swimming in waterlogged oven mitt & make my stroke slower .
998	Gloves	NEG	2	I get these glove to use with the heavy bag . I be just hit for fitness . not serious boxing . at first these glove prove to be good . combine with hand wrap , my hand do not hurt after punch . now after about 2 month of use , once a week , I notice the right glove seam be come apart . they be come apart at the at the outside of the wrist . I be still use they though . I just wish they do not start to fall apart so soon .
580	Gloves	POS	5	I want some type of garden glove . I use these to carry big branch , clipping , and use they for plant thing . these work perfectly for what I need they for .
175	Gloves	POS	4	I just receive these glove today . I take a earlier reviewer 's recommendation to get a size larger , so I get the xxl size . my hand be 8 '' from base to top of middle finger and the glove feel really nice on , they feel like they be size right . however , the reviewer that say the bottom of the glove between the finger dig into you hand be true for I , as well . between the index finger and middle finger , and between the middle finger and ring finger , the glove bite into the hand a little , but mainly just when I be spread my finger . during normal lifting when you be just close you hand\/making a fist , it be not a problem . so , +1 to get a size up from you normal size , and just be aware if you have really big paw , you 'll want to try these on in person in case they 'll dig into you hand -lrb- which be why I knock a star off -rrb- .
27	Gloves	NEG	2	grant that handle pruning from fruit tree be a stress application for a work glove , but I be still disappoint that a seam in a finger fail on the third use . nice fit , very comfortable , but I be not go to buy another pair .
940	Gloves	NEG	2	I buy one of these glove a while ago , and what I can say about this new one be that the size be smaller , it do not fit my hand as the old one -lrb- both size s -rrb- , and the sewing be a little bit different too , a little uncomfortable . Preferred the old model
19	Gloves	POS	4	at first I be confuse at how many reviewer be recommend this product in order to create more drag and make one 's swimming workout harder ... I have have the opposite experience when I start use they : they actually make my freestyle feel a lot easier , almost like wear fin but for the hand ! of course , I be a swimming noob and klutz . I mean , I do know how to swim , but badly -- despite be able to run marathon , I can barely swim 50 meter without get completely wind . so , I be read a book call `` total immersion '' and try to improve my efficiency in the water . and every little `` training wheel '' help -- I use these fin , and then during the later stage of my workout -lrb- about 20 minute in -rrb- I use fin , and then as a cool-down , fin and a kickboard . these glove have be incredibly helpful in my slow but steady development . one of my longstanding fault have be failure to cup my hand by squeeze my finger together , thus lose traction in the water ... these glove solve that problem immediately ! so , for the swimming-incompetent like myself , these glove be really a godsend . EDIT 10\/23\/2011 : well , I have to say that these glove really be for conditioning you arm and shoulder ... take they off and you hand suddenly feel feather-light and swimming be much easier . I wear they only occasionally now ... they be the equivalent of wear wrist weight . yes you do move more water with each stroke but the glove create so much drag that you can not get in nearly as many stroke as when not wear they . so it just depend on what you want they for .
730	Gloves	NEG	2	the glove be not very flexible and be hard to move in . it be too big and bulky , and way too much money for what it be . I like the Youngstown glove a lot better for winter work .
890	Gloves	NEG	2	update : May 2011 just receive a new pair and feel very disappointed . what be a exceptionally slick and sensitive glove , almost latex like , turn out into ordinary rough `` garden quality '' product . the leather be much stiffer and internal seam be huge -lrb- see the uploaded picture -rrb- . as the result the glove be uncomfortable and not sensitive . would not recommend they anymore . ------------------------------ use to be : very good for the money . flexible too . the best glove for the money I have ever have . mind you they be not the heavy duty glove , but for the most of the light work around the house or with the car - they be the perfect fit . if you want to avoid these stupid splinter and cut , which you stare at afterwards and curse silently , get yourself a pair or two . highly recommend !
893	Gloves	NEG	1	I order these glove for a Dr. Horrible Costume , so I need this exact style of glove . instead they be ship from Acehardwareoutlet and when they arrive they be a totally different style . I be go to try and bleach they so they will work , but be warn if you order here that the picture glove be not what you will get .
23	Gloves	NEG	2	I have use Harbinger glove in the past , and recently get these . but I have to return they because the stitching at the wrist near the label pull away after two wearing , and it seem like other part of the stitching will do the same soon . they be also very small ; I get a XL base on my prior pair be XL , but these feel like m or l.
306	Gloves	NEG	1	I have just buy my first and last pair of ironclad glove because I be very disappoint with the fit and feel . this glove be just a bmx glove with a cute name . the `` original '' glove make by Mechanix wear be a far superior product because it be design specifically for use as a work glove . but do not just take my word for it , try they both and I be sure you 'll agree that the Mechanix glove be a much better product .
6	Gloves	POS	5	I really love the price vs amount for these glove . I use they to dye my hair , not for any medical purpose . I still need to be able to have sensitivity in my finger and protection from the dye and bleach and these do a great job . if i ever run out of these -lrb- it will be a while ! -rrb- I will definitely repurchase
552	Gloves	NEG	1	very disappoint . I do a lot of outside work in the winter and think these would be just the thing . the palm and finger be rugged which be good but the glove be not very warm and get wet easily . additionally I think xxl would be big enough but it be a real stretch to get these on .
567	Gloves	POS	5	these be great glove ! I have no complaint about they , but I do think I should take a moment and address a common complaint that almost keep I from buy they . several people have comment that the glove run small . these complaint be frankly idiotic . these people have obviously never own anything make of leather . news flash -- it stretch ! yes , the glove be small and do pinch at first , but after about a week 's worth of wear at the gym they fit perfectly . there be no reason to order one size too big , because if you do you run the risk of they be too loose , which would cause they to rub and cause blister , which be the whole point of buy they in the first place ! buy these glove in the right size , and if you have more patience than a preschooler you 'll love they !
653	Gloves	POS	5	finally after 23 year of look for the perfect wheelchair glove for my brother it be a priceless find . padded just right to protect he knuckle , longer finger ... great fit with super strong stitching . re-ordered fast ... he never take they off . quality leather that do not get to hot .
221	Gloves	NEG	2	base on the metric to determine the size I need to buy , I find myself to be a medium and purchase one only to find out that its a little tight . I would have return this product any way because the material use be so rough , I feel that I would get more callous on my hand by use this product than not use it .
295	Gloves	POS	4	first of all , you definitely want to go up a size , or even more . second , it just to tight between finger and sometimes feel like it be cut you skin between the finger . quality be good compare the price . worth a try , but the right size .
828	Gloves	POS	5	I have be use these glove for two year . the quality of fit be not match by any other glove money can buy . if you be do work that put a lot of wear on glove , such as haul firewood , go buy cheap leather glove . however , if you be go to be do work where you actually have to use you finger , or you find yourself take glove off every five minute to do mundane task , these be the glove to get . I use they outdoors everyday at work , and they work great for any activity where you need good grip , and maximum dexterity , such as shooting . for those review that complain about they not be waterproof , that be a advantage . these glove breathe much better than any waterproof glove , allow you to keep they on when you be use they to work in the 100 + degree weather . they also provide excellent grip and fit while soaked . I have use they dry down to 25 degree . if you be look for a glove to get wet in the winter , go buy ski glove . also , although it be not suggest by the manufacturer , I have machine wash and tumble dry these glove quite often , and have never have any ill effect .
663	Gloves	NEG	1	I work out one day with these glove and they rip . they stretch out and do not stay fit to you hand . they be also very hot , you hand can not breathe what so ever . I would suggest buy a different pair .
578	Gloves	POS	4	these be great sparring glove , and just as state , they promote good punching technique . I would prefer if the strap stretch for a tighter fit though . I only use these for spar ; I have a separate pair for the bag . for that I would say I like the Everlast Advanced MMA glove a little better but these do the trick .
198	Gloves	POS	4	buy this product to enhance my swim workout and I love it ! the review be correct . get one size smaller than you normally get for glove . I be typically a large but medium work great for I . thanks Speedo .
712	Gloves	POS	5	I work out long and I workout hard these glove be durable and they do not hold sweat odor like other leather glove have . they be comfortable and lifting with they really protect my hand . they may cost a little more but the protection and comfort be worth it . the padding in the palm be good and thick , the adhesive strap to the wrist be also strong keep the glove in place .
436	Gloves	NEG	1	recently join a muay Thai training class and buy these 16oz Everlast glove . after a little over a month , they be bust . the outer layer be a cheap material ; just a flimsy paper thin plastic -lrb- vinyl ? -rrb- cover . it burst open and expose the cheap foam inside after standard use . the product really feel like a toy . the Title glove be only a few buck more and feel really sturdy . I purchase those after this neverlast crap out on I . do not waste you money on this junk .
757	Gloves	NEG	2	these dainty and delicate glove be a must have for anyone 's Halloween wardrobe . but I do not recommend they for actual metal work . as crazy as it sound , I use they for welding - hobby level at that - and the lining in mine rip free when put my hand in on the second day . the feel lining go up to the wrist , where it be sew to the leather shell , albeit poorly .
392	Gloves	NEG	1	I have buy these glove in the past with the same identical model number and these glove be that I purchase be very different . not bad but more cheaply make . very disappoint in the sneaky switch .
142	Gloves	POS	4	recently , I have use a Nike dri-fit & generic -lrb- ... -rrb- workout glove . the Nikes do not provide any real protection and the bb glove perform as well as it cost -lrb- $ 8 -rrb- . I have not have these glove very long , but I do enjoy they . they easy to remove since they do not have a wrist-strap & offer alot of protection . pro + great protection + good quality con - quite a bit of padding slightly hinder pull-up , but nothing you can not deal with . I would recommend this to any of my friend . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* update \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* 3\/10\/12 still love these glove ! they be in great shape still and do wonder for protect my hand .
411	Gloves	POS	4	I love these glove from Ironclad . durable and warm they be perfect for work outside in the snow and cold . my hand have stay dry and warm even when have to work in wet , icy condition reach into sump and drain . I be back to update my review on these glove . the paragraph above be write on February 15 , 2009 and today be January 24 , 2011 . I be still use these glove and find they to be very warm except when it get to bitter cold temp . once the outside air temp drop into the teens or single digit , with wind chill temp in the negative I can feel my finger start to get cold and numb if I be not actively use my hand work on something . other than that these glove still work great at keep my finger warm and toasty . I would also like to say that they be water proof to a point . I be reach into iced over gutter with water under the ice remove leaf and while my actual skin be stay dry I could tell the glove be get water log . I could take they off and ring they out so I be guess the water proof layer be the inner most layer of the glove . I also use these glove when walk my dog , remove snow off the driveway and when work outside in the cold such as on my snow blower . the textured finger tip allow I to pick up even tiny washer lay on the cement ! I be notice a lot of `` irish pendant '' or little string hang off the glove around the stitching , but that start a few month after I begin use the glove and it have not be a issue in durability yet .
9	Gloves	POS	4	glove be great you might want to get one size up , if you do not it might take you a minute or two to take they off ... I wish I get large instead of medium .
835	Gloves	NEG	1	I buy a pair of Ironclad Tundra Gloves for my brother for Christmas . he have a problem with keep he hand warm outside in the cold . I be willing to spend whatever it take to get he warm glove . I buy these think these be the best glove money could buy . they be to small for he so I keep they for myself . first time I use they while snowblow my driveway I damn near get frost bit finger . my mucher cheaper line leather glove be much much much warmer . do not waste you money on these .
918	Gloves	POS	5	my 7-year-old son be take karate and ask for a punch bag for Christmas , so we get these glove to go with it . they be very nice glove , sturdy and they fit my hand -lrb- adult female -rrb- , but my son can slide he hand into the curve and use they quite well , in fact , all the kid in the family take turn use they . the whole project turn out very well , everyone be interested in the punch bag and everyone can wear the glove . I be happy with the glove , I want a serious pair of glove for some serious work out . for myself , I might get something bigger\/stronger later on , but for now , these protect everyone 's hand quite well and ensure good form . they look and feel professional , they be not `` kiddie glove '' and my son feel `` cool '' put they on . I be very happy with they .
698	Gloves	POS	4	I use these for surfing . they be comfortable and do what they be suppose to do , i.e. , give you a bit more zip in you paddle . they also have the add benefit of keep you hand a little warmer and even more notably , help keep you hand from get scratch , pinch or otherwise injure from the board or leash . it do take a bit of get use to , because you have to train you body to do the opposite of what it be train to do before -lrb- keep you finger spread , as oppose to cup tightly without glove -rrb- . also , I experience a bit more arm and shoulder muscle fatigue , because I be move you water and pull harder , but that only last a few outing . since I get they , I have not surf without they .
394	Gloves	NEG	1	I buy these glove hope to use they in cold weather condition , for handle tool and equipment . these be a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do not keep the water out . what be the use of a glove if it get wet ? I be obviously not gonna be use a glove as a decoration on my hand , it be mean to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . and since it rain frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these glove outside , they immediately get soak by water render these glove useless .
972	Gloves	NEG	1	i use these glove for five day before they no longer even resemble there original state . two day chip log , one day move scrap , and two day digging ; no finger at all -lrb- even the pinky and ring on right hand have finger tip hole -rrb- and worn to thread on the palm . this be not a durable glove of any caliber . look good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that require a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if you hand be you link to you work then skip this one . grant i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fit well and have any level of flexibility . but never have i wear through a new pair in under a week .
209	Gloves	POS	4	these be great workout glove for the price . great ventilation and protection during a hard workout . the only problem I have with the glove be that it run a bit small .
406	Gloves	NEG	1	THESE GLOVES be not either waterfroof or ZERO PLUS CONDITION , THEY get soaked quik and the liner break OFF REALLY EASY , I end up RIPPING the liner OUT and USE THEM AS A NORMAL GENERAL DUTY GLOVE ... UNFORTUNATELY THERE be not many glove that SUIT those characteristic , I be a BIG IRONCLAD FAN BUT THESE DO not live to THEIR EXPECTATION ... ... terrible !!
787	Gloves	NEG	1	these hurt the skin web between my middle and ring finger . I guess I will have to cut it or something , but it be way better without they : -lrb- I buy they to avoid pain , but the pain be even harder one year after , they be almost destroy . I wash they like 3-4 time and now there be a big hole in it .
149	Gloves	NEG	2	I work for a large airfreight handle company at lax and I work right on the ramp . 99 % of the time I wear shorts and a hoodie and no glove , but from time to time it get really cold . I read about ironclad glove while do research for glove here . First off they be not waterproof at all . California recently come out from the worst rainstorm we have have in a decade , it rain all week and I have these glove on and my hand get soak every day . I would say they be water resistant but for waterproof that be complete crap . as for wind resistance , I think they live up to the claim . the last 2 night it have be in the 50 's and my hand feel way better with the glove on than off . as for warmth , that be a toss up . like i say above the glove cut wind , as for warmth my hand be warmer than not have glove at all , but not toasty warm like with mitten . I be research get a glove liner to wear underneath . other thing : xxl be HUGE , I think I have big hand , i be 6 ' 3 '' and the glove do not really fit I well . I would say next time I will get a smaller size but i think i be do with ironclad , this be my 2nd pair .
453	Gloves	POS	4	I just start kick boxing so these glove be fine . however , I do not realize glove have different strap length . the glove I receive have very short strap . it be hard to fasten the 1st glove and almost impossible to fasten the 2nd glove . oh well , will research better next time .
148	Gloves	POS	5	ok . I figure with Michelle Obama bare arm , sleeveless dress be go to be the rage for the next four year at least . so , how can I make my swim more effective for tone my arm ? I do not know if these will do the trick , but they sure be great fun to use . I use they with Zoomer Fins for the first time today and I go really fast and get a much more powerful workout . a friend at the pool say , `` you be smile the whole time you be speed up and down the pool ! '' Heart rate get up higher , too . great product .
219	Gloves	NEG	1	warn these glove do not keep you warm . my hand and finger go numb while wear these glove . barely hold up in 40 degree weather , below that you finger be do .
59	Gloves	POS	5	these glove work great and be perfect and at the best price for vinyl powder free glove . they dont tear or leak perfect fit . totally recommend these glove for the application of color and relaxer .
614	Gloves	POS	5	I and my friend want to get some glove for boxing eachother . would these work or would you want to get some glove with more padding ?
154	Gloves	POS	4	I think I get my first pair of harbinger 143 glove from Amazon nearly three year ago now . that pair last quite a long time before I decide to replace they due to wear -lrb- seam come apart -rrb- and odor -lrb- after a while , it seem like no pair of leather glove be immune to stink , even after repeat wash -rrb- . I quite like my first pair and be surprise to find some less than good review here , include comment from people about how they glove fall apart rather quickly . well , I order another pair of these only about a year ago and they be already in much worse shape than the previous pair that last twice as long , despite get the same amount of use from I . I also notice that some other reviewer mention how these glove be tighter than they should be , and that do not describe my first pair but definitely describe my second . just a few day ago , I order another replacement pair . I obviously can not say whether they will hold up better than the second pair I have , but I can report that even though the glove be ostensibly the same size the new pair be , in fact , not nearly as tight on my have as my second pair . I be a bit frustrated by the lack of consistency in what be suppose to be the same product , but I do like these glove overall . -lrb- I guess that be obvious or I would not have order another pair again ! -rrb-
316	Gloves	NEG	2	I read the review here and after compare to other product i decide to pull the trigger , my hand measurement be a bit under 8 in . so i assume a medium -lrb- 7-8 -rrb- would be a good fit , it be not , way too tight , the inseam between the finger be digging in the soft skin webbing between you finger , the material be way too short for my hand as it do not cover the whole palm and overall very uncomfortable , it be the natural color , which i return , though it seem like it would show dirt very easily second try i go for the large black , it should fit I very well this time , not the case , same problem with the medium still , the material be not enough to cover the palm to give you a comfortable fit , when you spread you hand open wide there be a gap of air between the glove and you palm that be always uncomfortable , and same problem with the inseam digging between my finger , the material be too tough , i decide to follow the advice of the person upload he photo to cut small slit between the finger , it have to cut slit in every inseam to feel comfortable , the pain be almost go but the finger be much shorter now . I also notice on my first workout use it that the stitching be miss in one area of the glove , but i ' v already alter the product so I can not return it now . the wrapping be very uncomfortable as well . so to sum it up ; con : 1 . way too small , not enough material to cover the entire hand , uncomfortable 2 . fabric be painfully digging int he seam between the finger 3 . you might find miss stitch 4 . the clasp be uncomfortable 5 . bad design and workmanship pro : good quality leather overall I would definitely not recommend it , I only give one star over the minimum for the leather quality but i would recommend look else where , and maybe look for a different brand as I read similar complaint to mine on other harbinger product review what would I buy if i have to do it all over ? I do a lot of research on different glove and the Schiek 530 glove seem to be a solid one . a bit pricey but a good glove can last for year
44	Gloves	NEG	2	when compare to  Valeo Ocelot Lifting glove  I buy both pair and I think the Valeo be far superior . the 3\/4 finger length be wonderful , they be softer leather , and have more cushioning than these harbinger . unfortunatly the Valeos have the same size issue as these , so read the review to find you correct size , do not count on the size chart . -lrb- for Valeo , large be a perfect fit for my 8 '' circumference hand , take around the palm , under the knuckle -rrb- .
313	Gloves	POS	5	product arrive ontime and in new original packaging . I have use these several time in the past couple of week and they work great . I rinse they off -lrb- community pool - high chlorine -rrb- after each use . I hope they last and will update the review if anything arise .
589	Gloves	POS	5	by size chart , I have to use l size but after read quite a few useful review , I decide to order XL size . I find out they fit my hand perfectly and be comfortable . if you look for affordable glove to use in the gym , I recommend these one .
124	Gloves	POS	4	these be good everyday gardening glove but not up to really heavy-duty use . I be mostly look for something that would fit comfortably for casual garden chore , and these do . but for those of we with big paw , it would be nice if a larger size be offer . I do not expect these to last more than a year with sporadic gardening project . so far , so good .
953	Gloves	POS	4	nice tight fit ! great quality but material seem thin . I probably should have go with the original but can not beat the price ...
309	Gloves	NEG	1	these glove fit well and be reasonably easy to put on and take off . they have not balloon in the water in five week of use as other glove be report to do , although they stretch a little in that time . the material be thin neoprene with no fabric cover on the outer palm side . this palm side have a embossed pattern that constitute most of the thickness of the glove and have break off completely in a spot , presumable due hit a lane divider . there be fabric on both inside surface and the outside of the non-palm surface . the lack of fabric on the outside of the palm be a poor design feature that result in the loss of half of the surface due to a common accident in normal pool swimming .
262	Gloves	POS	5	I have be lift for over 20 year and I like the feeling of control\/comfort a good pair of glove afford I . as of late however , I develop a cyst on the palm of my left hand which impact my daily routine . I read the review on this glove and most people say it be heavily padded which be something I want . I have use harbinger before and they seem to last although they be not as padded as these be . I be concern about what size to order , so I go with what I use with the previous harbinger I own - large . well , they be well-padded for sure and may be a little uncomfortable for some people but they do the trick for I . I can hardly feel the cyst and I think they actually enhance my workout by provide a much better grip . I have be use they for about 3 week now and they seem to be wear well and provide the support I need . they feel a little stiff at first but as you use they they become more comfortable . the glove seem to be make well , time will tell if they can withstand the abuse .
916	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great - they allow movement and dexterity while protect the hand . my hand be arthritic so a non-binding glove be a great find . I wear these for everything from garden work to walk the dog to work in the garage , and would recommend they to anyone .
77	Gloves	POS	5	I have be look for glove like this for year , warm tough and a really good fit . I be in the construction business and therefore be force to be out in the worst possible condition , I hate winter but these glove make it a little more tolerable . the best I have ever own by a wide margin . I also drive a Tundra so they be even more appropriate . I might just buy a pair for each employee and put a stop some of the whining .
61	Gloves	POS	5	this be my third pair of ironclad glove . I use the other two very hard and be amaze at the durability . they feel like no other glove out there . I be so impressed with the glove that I be go to buy a lot for Christmas present . good job Ironclad . finally a good glove that I can wear all day .
438	Gloves	NEG	2	I consider myself as semus train boxer . my trainer once recomend these glove but i do not . im a very heavy hitter there for this glove last I 3 month then my knuckle which be also wrap will move the paddin . if you a heavy hitter do not purchase these . I have have 2 pair of these . there cheap there fun but do not hit a heavy bag with these . I use the blue 16oz
846	Gloves	POS	5	this be a peerfect item . just order it one size bigger and will fit perfect .
165	Gloves	NEG	2	these be my first boxing glove and needless to say the last glove I ever buy for less than $ 50 . I know how to wrap my hand , and I know how to punch but I injure my knuckle twice in these glove . the first time I land a left hook to the temple of my spar partner . I be out for a month . I baby that hand for 3 month then the first day i go heavy on the bag with they I re-sprain the same knuckle again . first off a boxing glove will last you about 6 month if you be a 5 + session a week fighter . it 'll be more if you be a two a week fighter and pretty much a lifetime if you do that cardio boxing stuff . reason be the more you hit the bag or you partner the more the foam break down and sweating into the foam do not help either . about this glove : size : a little too small for my hand . I be a very big guy with very big hand so unless you hand hare as big as a NBA center like mine there be no need to worry about it . lining : First thing that wear out on mine . it fall apart inside and start to irritate my finger . not a light irritation either . it make my knuckle bleed the last day i wear they . Leather & Stitching : it be good . not a single stitch pop . foam : break down after a few month . also start get lumpy towards 4 month . Beathability : they breath about as well as a plastic bag . I supprise my finger do not prune up after my training session . it make the glove hard to dry out and then they smell horrible . they also make you hand smell horrible . ceadar chip help a little bit but after training session they make my hand smell like a dirty sock . hand protection : I think they leave it out of this model . I bruise my knuckle twice . not so with other glove . velcro : so easy to put on and take off . by far the easiest out of any glove I have own . bottom line : the look nice and do the job but do not risk hurt you hand to save money . if you be do cardio boxing at LA boxing and dont really hit the bag all that hard then they might work for you . you hand will still stink buy you wont get hurt . if you be serious about the sport and think you will do it for at least 6 month do you hand a favor and buy a pair of Title gel , Ringside IMF Tech , or Grants .
43	Gloves	NEG	1	i buy a set from the local auto store and they last I less than a month at work , i be at 3 day shy of a month on these glove and my thumb index and middle finger on both hand be tear through , and my left ring finger be almost there as well , i buy these in hope they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar one that only last a month and these be actually worse ! i be a tire installer and i put in 40 hour of nothing but glove and these just do not hold up ! i will say if you do light work they may be great as they be comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of item and not lose you ability to handle !
157	Gloves	POS	4	my initial impression of these glove be a bad one : they absolutely reek of some sort of organic solvent use during the manufacturing process . it be difficult to hold these chemical-laden glove up to my face when I be breathe heavy during training ; the smell make I want to vomit . after a few week , the smell become tolerable . however , it almost make I want to pay extra for leather glove . the glove be well-made , I have no complaint about the fit or finish . the thumb be comfortable and both side feel the same . the cuff be comfortable , with no sharp edge or other annoyance . the velcro be sew on straight and be easy to use . the thumb be attach , but can be easily free up if desire . if you just use they for hit the heavy bag , you be better off snip the attachment ; it will make it easier to grab the velcro and tighten it up . after make glove for decade , I suppose Everlast have it down to a science . these glove be hard . I would not want to get hit by they . if you want to spar someone , they will not appreciate it if you wear these glove . but the glove feel good on my fist . I can really go berzerk on the hardest part of my heavybag without feel any discomfort in my knuckle . I be not sure why Everlast claim that the glove have a `` anti-microbial '' lining . as far as I can tell , it be just polyester . in any event , it work fine . some other reviewer have complain that these glove fit too snug . I do not find this to be a problem . when my hand be wrap , they fit into the glove snugly , but the fit be proper . if you have fat , untrained hand , or if you be a large-boned heavyweight , you might experience a tight fit . for most people , the glove be as they should be . for the money , these glove be fine .
664	Gloves	NEG	1	these be not professional grade glove . so do not let the `` pro style '' description fool you . they work fine for aerobic or cardio-boxing\/kickboxing , however they be not for heavy contact use during long-term training . during high level of heavy bag training they fall apart quickly . figure on spending no less than $ 70 - $ 120 for better glove that can take heavy training on bag and sparring . higher-end glove also protect you hand more effectively .
25	Gloves	NEG	2	these glove may be good for aerobic , but they only last my first 5 month of heavy bag training and some light spar before the seam start fall apart . the glove be fine to try to see if you like boxing , but for long term use look for a higher end glove , especially if you hit harder than a 60 year old woman .
192	Gloves	POS	5	this be my 4th pair of aqua fitness glove , my 2nd pair of this exact Speedo Aqua Fitness Glove . allow the finger to protrude through the end of the glove be a great benefit . with other glove , water build up inside the glove and , if lycra-backed for example , the glove become like a big balloon after a short while . these Speedo glove allow the water to pass through the glove and out the finger-hole . in addition , the material the glove be make of be much sturdier than other glove I have have . the palm hold up well as do the back . I recommend these glove and will always use they in my water fitness exercise .
909	Gloves	POS	4	I like the Harbinger glove because they have great padding and they be not black . when you sweat with black glove , the dark color tend to rub off on you hand , make you hand look quite dirty . the glove fit snug , but some of the stitching could be a bit better . in any case , I 'll probably buy more of they in the future as these wear out .
697	Gloves	NEG	1	it be ridiculous how small these run . I buy a men large for my husband who have thin finger and small hand , they do not even come close to fitting . they even feel tight when I put they on . total waste unless you like return .
928	Gloves	NEG	1	I be excite about review I read , but when I actually use the glove I be very disappointed ... I will be go back to paddle .
482	Gloves	POS	5	I live in a area be it rarely reach below freezing but rain often . I buy these glove for extended work session where ski glove would shred quickly . the last pair of ski glove I be use to work outside have a Goretex liner . my hand stay dry , but the glove themselves would eventually become waterlogged . before purchase these Ironclad Tundra I be careful to check that there be a outside layer of protection of the element so this would not happen . they have work well for I in this respect . these work great for my purpose . I do not treat they like leather work glove , or expect they to keep I warm at temperature far below freezing . I like the extended wrist , it help keep cold water from run up my sleeve under my jacket . the thin layer of Thinsulate keep I warm enough in my climate and do not make it hard to do my work . these glove have last I through a couple of winter so far , but I do not work outside all day every day . design be compromise and these glove make all the right compromise for my purpose , include ... cost , weatherproofness , breathability , Coverage , durability and warmth !
189	Gloves	POS	5	I use these glove 3 day a week at a boxing gym for a structured workout . I be a woman 5 ' 3 '' with small hand . I have the 14 ounce glove and with my hand wrap the glove be a good fit . they be easy to put on and take off in between drill and I have be use they for the last 4 month with no complaint at all . I would highly recomend these glove for you heavybag workout . I like my workout at the gym so much that I want to get a heavybag for home use on day I dont go to the gym .
297	Gloves	NEG	1	another reviewer -lrb- by Cameron Scholtz Phoenix , AZ USA -rrb- who post picture get it right . he have to cut the webbing of the glove . I be not cut anything of a brand new purchase . I return they right away and buy the Harbinger Flexfit train glove which be perfect . do NOT buy
958	Gloves	NEG	1	I work out 3 time a week be I do a mix of resistance training and cardio . I receive these glove early January and I be eager to try they out . they be okay at first and take some get use to . the leather be pretty stiff but after a few week the glove loosen up and thin out in the thicker padded area . on Feb 14 2001 , the stitching come undo on the right glove . so about 1.5 month of use and the glove be now fall apart . maybe you 'll have better luck but I would be cautious of buy these again .
11	Gloves	NEG	2	I think weightlifting glove be one of those item that you really need to try on before purchase . nevertheless the price be right on Amazon so I take the plunge only to find out that the size be not ideal . I be somewhere between a l and a XL , but the way these glove be make I do not think either would have fit I quite right . the glove look ok , but there be some strange sewing\/fabric near the finger that just irritated I enough to not want to wear they when lifting . ever since my wife make I start lift with glove to avoid those manly callouse I can not lift without they , but I much prefer the Nike strength glove which be make of a much thinner fabric and have a zipper to close as oppose to irritating velcro .
869	Gloves	NEG	2	I buy these heavy duty glove with high hope . they do prove to be comfortable and better than leather in wet environment . however , after a mere six weekend of light to medium do-it-yourself work , the glove have fail . for the $ 30 investment , I find they performance wholly unsatisfactory when it come to durability .
465	Gloves	NEG	1	I use these glove for a day , ride a snowmobile . the leather tear in multiple spot , but my hand do stay dry . I do not use these glove to the extent as I would for work at home . all in all I be pretty disappoint . cheaper glove have last I a whole season .
966	Gloves	NEG	2	this glove be just ok ... I like the leather palm , but it just do not fit as well as other glove that I have try . you can feel the seam in the fingertip and the glove leave blister on my hand , and blister be cause by movement . Make sure you get a good fitting glove . the Mechanix wear 4.0 glove be similar to this glove but with a better fit , any of those glove be better than this pair .
55	Gloves	NEG	1	the glove work for the fist few week , say 3 week . soon after that the finger tip start to rip and peel off , keep in mind I be very active handle package with UPS so i would know best . my fingertip be expose and no longer protect , every package i handle keep sliping and hit the ground . not strong or havy duty . it be not even that . not worth the money .
528	Gloves	NEG	1	it have a size problem , my mom and I measure my hand and it say size m , but it be too big and when I swim with that it do not work well . I have to organize all time and I can not swim good I be so sad , because it be so expensive and I can not use it : -lrb-
37	Gloves	NEG	2	I follow the size chart provide on the web page and order small , but now I can barely put they on and barely take they out -lrb- the take out be so annoying -rrb- . they will be a good present for my friend that have small hand !
542	Gloves	NEG	1	these glove rip too easily . I be on my second pair in only a few month . email Everlast and they never get back to I with a resolution . look at other glove if you hit hard .
431	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be just as comfortable or more comfortable than any other glove I have own . they have a great , leather feel , but be machine washable . very impressed .
930	Gloves	NEG	2	it be i good material , but it be not as i expect . the glove be too thick so i could not have the good grip .
171	Gloves	NEG	1	good morning and receive the glove be break as in this case . since you be rip on one side . the yarn be gradually unstitches
824	Gloves	POS	4	improve you `` traction '' in the water , especially with lap or fitness swimming , water aerobic , etc. . these glove be comfortable and leave the fingertip open for you hand . Time will tell as to durability and how chlorine affect they over the long haul . so far , no complaint .
133	Gloves	NEG	2	I buy these glove as a replacement for some cheap $ 20 bulk generic made-in-China glove my boxing gym have available . because they be Everlast , I think they would be good . I have be very disappointed . these glove offer almost no wrist support , and I have to start use wrap to protect my wrist . after about 4 week of medium-duty use , the vinyl be peel and the stitching be fall apart . the only good thing I can say about they be that they do not smell as bad as other glove I have use , so they do seem to resist odor as advertise .
810	Gloves	POS	5	I receive what I expect in expect time . I have be use they since two week have not have any problem yet . overall it be a good product . I would surely recommend it .
372	Gloves	POS	5	first pair of boxing glove , just want they to hit a heavy bag . they work great , good wrist support and padding for hit the bag . also easy to put on for just one person thanks to the velcro . good purchase , product be well make .
443	Gloves	POS	4	the glove be work great . it should be note that they be a bit different than what be picture . the velcro part be black and of a different material . this could be a change make by Harbinger , I do not know . this be the first set I have receive like this . they fit and perform like other pair that I have buy before . additionally , the packaging be not the usual thick plastic zip-lock type bag with the silica gel but rather a high gloss cardboard backing to which the glove be attach . as I say before the glove work great I just want to note these difference so you know before you purchase and be not a bit suspicious when you first receive the product . these be more than likely change make by harbinger and simply not update by the seller .
560	Gloves	NEG	2	like many other have already say , the size run way too small . I be 5 ' 9 '' , 165lb , and I actually measure my hand -lrb- accord to the image above -rrb- and I come out to large . I order large and what come be a extremely tight fit glove . I could hardly make a fist because it be so tight . I be return it for sure .
924	Gloves	POS	5	since I fall and badly cut my hand I decide glove would protect I some . I buy my first pair at a sport goods store and subsequently more pair at Amazon which be a better deal . these be very comfortable , easy on and off , wash nice , and be attractive . I do not go out without they . I like have a few pair so I always have they ` handy ' .
257	Gloves	NEG	2	I work in a freezer full of frozen food where the temp be consistantly 10 degree fahrenheit . after 20 minute with these glove on plus a polypropelyne glove liner my finger have already start get numb . the padding around the finger to keep they insulate be nonexistant . I like the dexterity and the grip from these glove . that be about it . for 49.99 though , I think the average person would be better off buy a extra large ski glove from walmart and layering that up with glove liner to keep warm during work .
109	Gloves	POS	4	I be a light heavyweight athlete and this glove have be great . they look pretty nice too . they protect you hand well when punch a heavy-bag . I would definitely recommend it ! great price too .
456	Gloves	POS	5	get they in few day after my purchase and they be perfect for my cousin that train boxing and thaibo
63	Gloves	NEG	2	I agree totally . these glove absorb water like a magic chamoix . if it be 30deg out and the sun be beat on something that melt some frost or a little snow and you accidentally touch it , poof , glove absorb water and start to deep chill you hand . these do not dry overnight in the house either . another complaint be they make you sweat badly . it be like water can easily get in but sweat be not allow to go the other way . other than that these be decent glove . I have own a dozen different ironclad glove over the year and they be slowly show I that I be in idiot for overspend time after time on they high performance glove . my old-timer boss just laugh when I show he my latest $ 30 work glove I be afraid to use . UPDATE : I use these glove on a 25 degree , dry day chainsaw tree wrap in multi-flora -lrb- wild rose that grow insanely fast -rrb- . they work great protect I from thorn poke and keep my hand comfortable . one extra star be give back to these guy .
233	Gloves	NEG	1	I have have several pair of ironclad glove that be quite satisfactory ; however , the last pair purchase start come apart immediately . the closure at the wrist -lrb- on one glove -rrb- fall off the first time I wear they . all of the stitching be unraveling . sadly , it appear they quality have decline significantly .
354	Gloves	POS	4	agree with other reviewer . tough and durable , good padding . they could use a little more padding -- I do dip on a machine with unpadded grip , and sometimes feel the pressure on my palm , but these glove do much better than alternative that I have .
765	Gloves	NEG	2	the glove have a tear in they when I recieve they , something I think should be check and look over before they ship the product out , could have happen in shipping I do not know but the location of the tear I do not think so , but I can say Amazon accept the return with no problem . also the glove be a really tight fit for a 16 oz glove , I end up re-purchasing from Amazon and get the Protex2 Training Gloves for $ 18 more but they fit much better . would not reccomend the Everlast pro Style train Glove if you have fairly large hand , my hand be not really huge but average size for a man .
130	Gloves	NEG	2	these glove be good entry level glove , I see many people give they five start but perhaps they have not try Grant or Cleto Reyes , if you be a boxing fan look at the glove they wear , they do away with everlast because of the quality , they be cheap , I buy a pair myself when I first start in Muay Thai and now I also train in american boxing , but as become a better and stronger fighter I begin to experiment with better quality equipment , so I give my old Everlast glove away . I love cleto and still use they but they run a little big , I love Grants even more , the quality and material of both brand be a lot better than Everlast , you may pay 100 buck more but you if you be not serious about you training or if you punch like a little boy stay with Everlast but if you really train like I do and profesional boxer , and fighter do the research and try out Grants or Cletos you 'll feel the diffence in the foam and the 100 % leather workmanship . believe I Everlast be just a entry level glove .
996	Gloves	POS	5	I work in a warehouse lifting literally ton a day . operate machinery and drive a forklift . I have go through 3 pair of mechanix wear glove in less than a year . the stitch fall apart and you finger poke through the tip . when I destroy the last pair , I look online here for something better . these glove have hold up pretty well so far -lrb- be a month or two -rrb- and when put in the laundry look almost new . the padding be minimal but where you need it . the glove stretch where need and be firm where need . the stitching be high quality and the reinforce finger tip be nice . dexterity be a little lack , but I be able to text on my side keyboard phone , and I can even thread a industrial stitcher !
932	Gloves	NEG	1	be a journeyman carpenter in the Chicago area and face extremely cold temperature in the winter I be always look for a good fitting glove . this glove fall apart very quickly if worn everyday for one week . unfortunately there be not a lot of alternative glove out there for a carpenter to wear in the winter . these glove wear out fast and do not keep you hand very warm . the only good thing about the glove be that they allow for a tight grip . I wish someone would develop a real glove for carpenter .
505	Gloves	NEG	2	it be way too small ... size large feel like a small medium . I do not try to return it . just not use it .
322	Gloves	NEG	2	I be train for about two year and these be my 2nd pair of glove . I keep re-injure my hand and never know what the hell I be do wrong until I purchase another brand . the hand injury go away soon after I buy the new set . these glove SUCK unless you be just purchase they to get drunk and take em out back with some of you buddy in which case , buy two set .
112	Gloves	POS	5	great glove . love wear they during my workout and not get my hand tear up . quality seem up to par and they feel sturdy . highly recommend .
571	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be exactly what I hope they would be . Perfect amount of padding , yet still light weight and durable . I be very very satisfied . must buy if you plan on work out and hate those callus !
346	Gloves	POS	5	these glove seem to be good quality and stitch well in respect to its price the size chart be not accurate and these be much smaller than you think . I usually wear a m or l , but i have to order XL for these because I read these run very small . the other reviewer be definitely accurate in they description so be ready to order 2 size larger . the XL be very tight the first time i try they on , but do loosen up after wear they . also , the wrist strap do not really help stabilize you wrist because the glove be too short in length . they need to be 1-2 inch longer to effectively wrap around you wrist . this be go to be important if you be do heavy lifting . overall this be good pair of glove with some minor flaw . just make sure to go check about the size .
56	Gloves	POS	5	I have have these glove for about 6 month now , and they work great . I have no complaint . they do not smell , and they fit well . my hand no longer get blister . Aaahhhhh . = -rrb-
381	Gloves	POS	4	do not listen to these other negative review . first off the glove description state `` rate to 32 degree '' so why these other reviewer would think they would keep they hand warm below that temp . be beyond I . second they never state that they be waterproof so of course you hand be go to get wet if these glove be subject to large amount of moisture . I use these glove for load truck in the winter time and they work perfect . have a pair for over a year and sure they be a little rip up but nothing too extreme to keep I from use they on a daily basis . even though I will purchase another pair here shortly for when these disintegrate totally .
73	Gloves	NEG	2	I be a carpenter from Upstate New York . I would not recommend these glove for cold condition . I have find when the temperature get really cold they be useless . I have to get a warmer glove . they be especially cold if they get wet . you hand be dry but cold . I have find they be good in temperature above 15 degree , but for a winter glove you would expect better . they seem to be make alright , but after two day some of the thread have pull out . we shall see how they hold up . so far after three week , they be still hold up with no more problem with the thread . I think this problem come with the job though .
338	Gloves	NEG	1	the inside of the right glove begin to shred within a matter of week . unfortunately it be past the return policy of the seller . needless to say I be very displeased . ------------------------------------------------------------------------- also do not order from MMA one stop shop they be not a licensed dealer so if the product be defective the manufacturer will not do anything about it . they customer service be useless .
447	Gloves	POS	5	I have use the Speedo glove for about a year now and I love they . they provide a great upper body workout , especially if you spread you finger out . I swim six day a week , so the glove start to wear out after about three or four month . I usually purchase the blue glove , but Amazon be run a sale on the yellow , so I grab those instead . I do not know if there be a difference between they , but the yellow have last longer then the blue one have . they seem better make and in the future I will strictly purchase the yellow . as note in previous review , the size run large . in regular glove I purchase either a large or x-large - for the Speedo swim glove a medium be a perfect fit . for anyone who want a better upper body workout while swimming , these will certainly help . but you probably will be purchase 2-3 pair a year due to wear and tear on the glove - especially if you be swim in chlorine .
995	Gloves	NEG	2	unfortunately I do not have many good thing to say about these glove . as far as comfort , flexibilty , and overall fit I would rate these glove a 5 . however , as far as be call package handler glove I think you should change the name of these . I be a true package handler for one of we major shipping company . these glove do not stand up to the box . within the first week I have no rubber grip leave on the palm and finger tip . within the first month I already have hole in a few of the fingertip . I have own these glove just over a month and they be no longer any use to I . end
636	Gloves	POS	5	I buy a pair last summer , and I have just return here to buy at least 3 more pair . for what they be make for , nothing could be better . they be not go to keep you hand warm in very cold weather , but they be not design to . the thin leather make handle thing almost as easy as not have glove on . I can do all sort of chore around the house and shop in cold weather , and they work great . you can easily handle small object . they be great for handle firewood . I also use they in glassblow , and again it be like not have glove on , except they provide more protection than you might think for such a thin glove . they fit very well , and they slip on and off easily . when they be on , they be like have a second thick skin . I have type on a computer with they . I can take my wallet out of my pocket and insert or remove bill easily . be such thin leather , they be not go to last as long as heavier glove , but they be so much more handy than any other glove I own . I just can not say enough good thing about these glove . once you have get they wet a couple time , the leather act like a chamoix and will immediately soak up any moisture they come in contact with . but they dry out nicely and continue to wear and fit superbly even after many wet\/dry cycle . even in we long cold NH winter , I have wear these all winter long and only switch out for heavier glove when I be do extended outdoor work . I have get lot of work glove ; cotton with rubber dot , cowhide insulate & uninsulated , pigskin , you name it . I have also get similar glove with a bit heavier leather and velcro wrist strap . these be much better , both for the feel and for be quicker and easier to put on and off . once they be on , they stay on very nicely . these be my favorite and most versatile glove by far .
782	Gloves	POS	5	I work in the nursery\/landscape business and used to GO THROUGH A PAIR of COWHIDE GLOVES in two or three week . WE MOVE TREES , STONE , EQUIPMENT , you name it , and I must SAY that THESE GLOVES be like a second skin . THEY 'RE TOUGH and COMFORTABLE . I can reach into my pocket and GRAB A PEN WITHOUT EMPTYING the contents of pocket on the ground . EVEN HANDLING MONEY be no problem . THESE GLOVES be woth the price of admission .
304	Gloves	POS	5	I have use many glove over the year and these have definately prove themselves to be the best so far . they be a little tight but after month of use at 300 lb plus of weight at a time they be still hold up just fine .
