index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
295	GPS	NEG	2	I purchase a Garmin Nuvi 2460 GPS and buy this case for protection . I be not impress with this case as it be very loose fitting ; I could easily place two gp receiver in the case . there be some padding in the case , but because of the loose fit and the thin amount of padding I would not count on this offering much protection from drop . it be useful for store the GPS in a backpack as it do protect the gp from get scratch up from other item in the backpack .
524	GPS	NEG	1	I bough this watch with American Express point and think i get a real bargain . wrong . I have the Garmin 210 gp watch which be simple and intuitive but really just for run . that watch break when i wear it in the shower once for 30 seconds . come ON , GARMIN ! a sport watch that isnt waterproof ? shame on you . this watch have more feature and cycling function , etc but its so damn confuse that i have literally stand in front of my house for 10 minute -lrb- not exaggerate -rrb- try to get a sit signal and then start the stopwatch . I be good at confuse interface but this one take the cake . the other drawback be that the battery be basically always dead . if you havent use it in a few day and you take it out of you bag , it will be dead . you need to basically keep it plug in whenever you arent use it . seem pointless . as a result , this watch now sit lifeless in a drawer , and yours will too .
267	GPS	POS	5	this be my first GPS unit . while I generally avoid read the direction to anything , I decide to actually sit down and read the owner 's manual , which I find very easy to follow . after 15-20 minute I have figure all the function out . several very cool feature be : 1 -rrb- you can use the built-in digital compass even when the unit be turn off . 2 -rrb- the unit have several layer of functionality . the most basic or initial layer allow you to access the unit 's key function -lrb- altimeter , barometer , current position , etc. -rrb- by hit just one button . then , if you want to delve deeper into a particular function , you can . for example , when deal with waypoint I can keep it simple and , by push only one button , see my `` home '' waypoint -lrb- and its exact direction and distance from my present position -rrb- . but , if I want to get more complicated , I can -lrb- through a few more button -rrb- access my other waypoint , or upload\/download waypoint to\/from my computer . I use the gp with electronic USGS map program -lrb- the cd-rom verson by all Topo Maps -rrb- . at first , it take time -lrb- and a careful reading of the instruction -rrb- , but I can not imagine own a gp unit and not synch it with actual map . you can plot you course by set waypoint on the electronic map , then `` sync '' the GPS , and now you can follow the waypoint on the gp to go exactly where you need to go . I actually go on a long motorcycle ride , plug in waypoint while we be ride , and then once I get home , I could see exactly where and how far we road after I synce the gp with the map software . I can not wait to try it sail this summer . the only negative I have be that the GPS unit automatically set the clock to central standard time -lrb- where I live -rrb- , but the time do not seem to reflect daylight savings .
899	GPS	NEG	2	bottom warped and constantly slide off dash . Poor product . I would not recomend it . Navgear have a better dash mopunt .
782	GPS	POS	4	the product be quite adequate and function well . do not believe they suggestion to buy a 256mb sd card however , unless you be satisfy with 2 or 3 state coverage . I get the 1.0 gb sd card and it give I detail access to over 2\/3 of the lower 48 state . I find a quirk while be instruct to enter a south bind highway from the east . it instruct I to go over the highway and make a `` hard leave '' -lrb- a illegal turn -rrb- , rather than make the right onto the cloverleaf entrance . be careful . -- the internal antenna work quite well but the placement , in my vehicle , require the use of a external antenna . DO NOT buy the Magellan External Antenna . when the weather get even slightly warm , the antenna set off a continue false alarm on my Cobra Radar Detector . Technical support have be absolutely useless . after 6 try , I have give up and buy a gilsson antenna that work much better , have no problem and cost less . Magellan -lrb- Thales Navigation -rrb- either do not understand english or choose to deliberately misunderstand the problem . they will also not offer any refund on they antenna with the design problem . -- in general , I be quite satisfied with the RoadMate 300 , but do not expect any intelligent Technical support .
818	GPS	NEG	2	this be a device for the person who like to get into the inside of the system -lrb- I believe its call hacking -rrb- . for such a person , the device be great . I would not recommend it for a novice . here 's why : 1 . the text to voice pronunciation be terrible . the word run together , for example , ` San Jose ' be pronounced sanozay , San Francisco sound like ` sunfrincisco ' . now , the interesting bit be that this issue can easily be fix by someone who can hack into the system and make a few small tweak . I wonder why TomTom can not just do be in the device they ship out , or as a software update to those already sell . 2 . this device - 540 World Traveler Edition - be pitch as have complete US , Canada , Mexico and Europe map . truth be , this gp do not have room for the newest version of these map . you can have all of North America , but not all Europe , only bit of it . for example , you can have Western Europe , but then you can not have southern Europe - because there be not room on the device to accommodate that particular map . same thing for Eastern or Central Europe . this would not be such a big deal if you could be selective about which N. AM . country map you need , so you could leave out Canada , or Mexico or US , and make room for all of Europe . but you can not do that . 3 . the worst thing be that it take age to upload map , or swap out between the regionsl european pap . we be talk hour . if I be to travel to Europe , I would therefore have to lug along my laptop and flip map back and forth every time I want to go from , say , the UK to Italy , or from Sweden to the Czech Republic . and wait around for a few hour while the GPS sit around upload the right map . I think that if TomTom do not fix the map problem within a reasonable time , I will probably send it back , since the device do not function as advertise . have say all that , once you hack it and set it up properly , it work well -lrb- except for the map problem -rrb- .
61	GPS	NEG	2	we purchase the Magellan RoadMate 6000T for a trip cross country . we arrive with only one misdirection , which Magellan quickly recalculate and send we in the right direction . we love this unit , but it will not backup we information . I try 3 different sd card and have Magellan customer Service walk I through the process several time . finally on the third call to customer support , while they put I on hold I research this problem on the internet and find it to be a common one . customer support could only advise I to send it back to be service ; they never admit this can be a issue . to make the call to customer service even more challenging , each time I call the person on the other end of the phone , have difficulty understand I , and I to , have difficulty understand they . we currently live in a very high traffic area , and never leave home without it , but we be plan to return it after we new Garmin arrive .
612	GPS	NEG	2	I be envious of all the positive review and wish that I could be write one myself , but there be some serious issue that I have not yet be able to resolve , despite extensive online research . 1 . mountain goat mode - be my own term for the 1350t 's navigational preference . for some unknown reason , it direct I away from main road and highway and towards back road , alley , and most recently , hillside trail that I would consider neither safe nor navigable . I have find many forum post on this issue and have try experiment with both the Avoidance and Shortest\/Fastest setting , but have yet to solve this problem . 2 . City navigation make I feel like I be the object of a Punk would style prank . the slow response time , tendency of the screen to freeze and poor accuracy make it easy to drive right past you turn and trigger the all too familiar `` recalculate '' . I can not tell you how frustrating this can be . even when you do make the recommend turn , you often trigger the `` recalculate '' response . 3 . battery life be average 10-15min on a full charge , which I feel be inadequate . if anyone have any suggestion , please post they in a response . in the meantime , I be go to try a Tom-Tom .
735	GPS	NEG	1	im very confused by this product . I first charge it for 24 hr , per instruction . then plug it into my ipad . I do download the app that it suggest . but what can you do ? altitude , speed , the Compass be a little off , ... im just scratch my head try to think what can this do . so last week I have go on a road trip . while sit in the back seat , I plug the GPS into my ipad , and I say to myself , let I see if map work . sure , it work with map , but you have to make sure you have a map that be displayable because once you turn wifus off , you on you own . solution : if this gp work with a pre map program , then this would be 100 % worth it . im still scratch my head ... what to do with it ? its currently sit on my night stand . overall , not recommend consider there be no pre load map for this gp to go by . any feedback on what to use this device with would be greatly apprecait .
93	GPS	POS	5	this well-priced unit be exactly right for the beginner geocacher . the ability to download detailed map -lrb- you have to buy the cd -rrb- make it even more usable in other context . it be small , light-weight , and , for the most part , easy to use for a product of this type . enter datum be a little cumbersome . my eight-year old son become proficient in the use of the Garmin eTrex Legend -lrb- without any prior gp experience -rrb- in less than twenty minute .
456	GPS	NEG	2	it do everything I buy it to do , and it do it well . the problem be I pay for this item , and they have no right to show I ad . today I accidentally click on a ad and it freeze up on I . I call costumer support , and they tell I my only option be to turn off traffic , or to pay they another $ 50 dollar .
736	GPS	POS	5	I own a old 3.5-inch Garmin StreetPilot c340 for a few year . it be a good small machine , and still work , but it be screen be small , and the body be very thick . it be time to buy another thin and big screen Garmin , so I get a 5 '' Nuvi 1490-MLT . it have a huge screen , and thin body just what I have be look for . I have this gp for a few month already , but do not really test it yet . it be work just fine like my old pilot so far . the 1490 t model price have drop significantly , but 1490-LMT model be still expense .
187	GPS	NEG	1	buy this for my wife for Christmas ... stop work after about 3 trip ... retailer say over thirty day so will not let I return it to they ... motorolum say they do not make gp anymore . . might get a credit for anohter product I do not need ... all in all this transaction a bust
513	GPS	POS	5	after I lose my old Magellan , I look at the price of the new one and also at my original . for less than half the price I get the same feature I want in the 4 year old model - I still like it .
669	GPS	POS	4	I use the Garmin c330 the entire weekend throw different destination at it . there be one it do not have I just put in the cross street and it find it no problem . this gp be the Apple Macintosh of GPS Units . it just work , it pick up satellite extremely fast , it be simple to use , the windshield mount be probably one of the best I have use . I have not try out the `` detour '' feature yet but it will help when I be stick in construction or in traffic . the internal battery help when try to plan trip and setup favorite while not in you car . as for it not be user replaceable I be glad it be not . do not need to be . not a serious disadvantage . if you want a gp that just work without have to worry about the other `` geeky '' feature like see the satellite and thing . the Garmin c330 be the one to get . the speaker be loud and clear I like to have my radio pretty loud and I be still able to hear the c330 . the drawback be like everyone else have say , it be not good in direct sunlight but with the voice prompt it be not a big issue .
533	GPS	POS	5	after review different gp unit -lrb- c320 , c330 , Street pilot , etc -rrb- , I finally pull my trigger and buy the c340 . this be the first GPS unit I have ever own . when I receive the unit , I turn it on right away . I do not even look at the menu -lrb- 1 page -rrb- before I start use it . very straight forward and very easy to use . I would say it be very easy to overcome the learning curve with the c340 . so far I dont see any major problem except get poor signal after `` sit '' under a bridge over several minute or lose signal in the basement inside a structure . I believe this be not really a problem as other gp -lrb- s -rrb- have the same problem and plus that make no sense to use the gp inside a structure . this unit have a sd card slot and I may buy the Europe Map CD to test it in Europe ... . if I have a chance . pro : Compact , easy to use , good battery life con : hmm ... get poor signal after `` sit '' under the bridge under a while conclusion : the unit do exactly what it should -- take you to the destination in the shortest distance . but of course , it do not have the AI : 1 -rrb- to make short cut like get into some side street 2 -rrb- take stop sign into account
751	GPS	NEG	1	let I begin by say that as a straight up GPS , this unit work fine . I have own it for just over 6 month and it get I from point a to point b flawlessly . the problem be that I upgrade to this unit from a older Garmin GPS specifically for it be traffic feature . since the day i purchase this unit , it have \* never \* -lrb- and I mean this literally -rrb- alert I to traffic in any way that help I to avoid traffic , and I live in a suburb just outside of NYC where traffic and alternate route abound . every once in a while it will alert I to `` traffic ahead '' as I be drive into traffic , and have already pass the turn I could have make to avoid it . and I be talk about major highway , not just backroad block up by a car accident . what be perplexing about this be that clearly the technology exist to detect traffic real-time . Google map do a very good job with this . why Garmin have not be able to incorporate this adequately into they product be a mystery . so essentially , I through away money on a second gp . bottom line : save you money and buy the cheaper non-traffic update model .
388	GPS	POS	5	this be my third Tom Tom and be a replacement for one I lose . I have always be happy with the feature and accuracy of the arrival time . the route select generally be the optimal route as best as I can tell . the battery life be not great but I only use it in the car and it be always plug in .
831	GPS	NEG	1	I have use this device for over a month now , and damn I do not like it . I live in NYC and I want to know the traffic situation on the street . it be terrible wrong all the time , and after I be stick in traffic it tell I that the highway be congest , but only with a few minuter delay ... I be stick on FDR for 30 minute and it tell I it be a 3 minute delay . it do not show the local street info , and hardly the highway , so the traffic information be understandable free as it this terrible . I always have to use a separate phone to see the traffic status on google map as it be always incorrect . I have never ever be close to arrive on the esitmated arrival time as well , it be over 25-50 % incorrect on the time of arrival , especially as it do not understand that it will actually take time to stand still at a traffic light . do not calculate that into the estimate arrival time . when be suggest the fastest route it do not suggest highway , it be use local street , and as I describe above , do not calcualte time for the traffic light . I go to the beach and be suggest a 1.05 h travel time , it take I 2 hour to get there with this device . I go on the highway as I know they and it take 1.10 h in travel time , and it be congest at that time . on other device you can select to drive on highway only if possible . it alternate the road in the middle of the driving , and send I off in the wrong direction , and then it tell I to make a u-turn to go back to the road I be drive on from the start . it be just full of these annoyance all the time ... it do not suggest alternative road when it calculate a road . miss exist as it tell I to keep to the right and then the exit be on the left . so in over all . I hate the device , and hate be a strong word .
967	GPS	NEG	2	out of the box it be great . Easy to understand , big bright screen , multiple option for voice , etc. . . I get it as a birthday present -lrb- 4\/28 -rrb- and I be already feed up with it -lrb- 5\/1 -rrb- and send it back . the unit 's be really fickle about turn on . I have already have to hit the Reset button 5-7 time . also , the car adapter and the home cradle do not charge the unit either . it may have just be a bad unit , but I be try one of the other brand next .
278	GPS	NEG	1	we buy this for my teenage son , who be want to know how far he would run each day . after 2 month , he have be able to use it 3 time . it will not keep a charge . I charge it and by the next time he want to use it , it be not charge anymore . and of course , when I go to see about return it , Amazon say that we can not because the return window be go . not good . still have to get in touch with customer service , and hopefully they can give I some guidance for use it and a way to keep the charge .
570	GPS	NEG	1	how many workout be one suppose to waste get this thing to work ? I stop at around a dozen . this gp be just not ready for primetime ; at least not within urban environment -lrb- though one would have think that nyc 's Central Park might have provide sufficient open siteline it apparently do not . -rrb- Wish the product spec do not overhype the product so much .
410	GPS	NEG	1	this and all of the TomTom product seem full of bug . with the 3 people I know that have different model we have all have problem . anything from break within day of buy it to just bad direction . you can be in a parking lot and this thing will make you leave the lot , take a left , drive in a complete u , and then take a right . do it all the time rather then just tell I to take a right out of the parking lot . TomTom be just junk as they be make in China and they act like it . try one of the other brand do not get stick like i do .
647	GPS	NEG	1	no wonder this be on sale for $ 70 at best buy . the Tom Tom be unable to find any of the last three destination I enter , one of which be the town police headquarters . frequently it wont even acknowledge that the street you be seek even exist . Tom Tom seem particularly confuse where there be directional name like South East 24th Avenue - didnt exist accord to Tom Tom , how about go to Northwest 24th Avenue ? some say life be about the journey , but when you be try to get to the police station , its about the destination . Tom Tom cant get you there .
428	GPS	NEG	2	purchase in March ' 12 . bad connection w \/ charge mechanism within gp to start with . map update become available and everything become a big mess ! file go miss , have to contact Garmin via several email & countless phone call . just one big headache . also buy a car charger that the cord split within 2 mo . and be return a `` refurbish '' one . spend a little more $ $ $ and hopefully get a better product .
959	GPS	POS	4	I own 6 gpss and use they on my bicycle , boat , canoe , car , truck and while hiking\/hunting . all be Garmin product . I like the 1450 so much that we now have 2 in the family . for the price , it can not be beat .
154	GPS	POS	4	we old Garmin work fine but there be no free update . this model seem to have a wider screen and as a plus it have lifetime free map and traffic . can not figure out the traffic yet - it be probably a setting I have not find yet . something install with the word traffic in it during my first use so I be certain it be activate . Works similar to the old Garmin . I be not sure I like it 100 % , but it do more stuff that I need to get use to . the screen be definitely more responsive , as be change between menu . I have not try a location search yet . it be a little awkward with the mini-usb plug perpendicular to the back instead of attach to the holder like my old Garmin . when I take off the Garmin to walk or to put in glove box , I now have three separate piece to deal with : cord with traffic antenna , unit itself , and windshield mount . windshield mount seem sturdy . it be easier to take the unit out of the bracket than I think . overall I think this be a very good deal . if the traffic start work it may be a great deal !
520	GPS	POS	5	what can I say ? it have two independent zipper , that close like a nice piece of luggage , and a large clip to attach the case to another object -lrb- belt loop , etc. -rrb- to free one 's hand . the case be make of very sturdy shock resistant , molded plastic , the interior have a mesh net divider between the gp and whatever GPS accessory one might place behind it . there be two elastic strap to help secure the gp as well , on the opposite side of the case . I use ours on three recent vacation trip , and I would buy this case again , and would certainly recommend it to anyone in the market for a great 5 '' gp carry case . the case come as advertise , on time , and in perfect condition . the price be right as well .
731	GPS	NEG	1	I agree , this be a flimsy piece of plastic that will not hold the GPS unit over a few little bump . I expect more from Garmin . consider this : Touratech Mount for Garmin 60C series . its a solid unit . it cost a little more but you will not be replace you gp unit due to it fall to the ground .
930	GPS	POS	5	excellent unit . work very well under heavy canopy . we search and rescue team be equip with these . I have to buy my own
281	GPS	POS	4	I be a certified Home Health Aide for the visit Nurses Association of Central Jersey . my territory cover all of Monmouth County . there have be time in the middle of my day that a call from the office have change my schedule and my path of travel . a hard copy of travel direction be cumbersome , inflexible , and actually dangerous to read as I be drive . the Garmin StreetPilot have make my assignment so much easier to reach without the fear of get lose .
307	GPS	NEG	2	either the software information on the device be outdate or it be badly flaw as sometimes it choose route that appear go in a near circle . the alternative route would have be much shorter and logical .
777	GPS	POS	5	this be a well-made case of good quality and it fit my gp nicely . if I could improve it just a smidge , I would call for a back-stitch or glue point on the stitch so that there would be no unraveling .
949	GPS	POS	5	I have several piece of equipment in my front room that need a internet connection , and I do want to run ethernet cable all all through my house from my router in my bedroom . I have a friend recommend the Netgear WGPS606 wireless Print server . so I take my buddy 's suggestion and purchase the Netgear print server at a very good price at Amazon.com . I now have everything hook up and work like a charm , and it be all wireless . I could not ask for better . it be not hard to hook up , and configure .
963	GPS	POS	5	product work wonderfully . touch screen work perfectly . the insert for padding to make a tight fit be a big help . I would recommend this product to anyone .
7	GPS	POS	4	I have be debate get this item for month . it be a great price for a great item . only small hiccup be when leave house it take I around block instead of straight through . but it recalculate very very quickly when I go off route . I love the fact that it have pous already available for you to search for and get direction too . the lighting and even mount be work great .
404	GPS	POS	5	wow ! very good satelite reception close to the window . Grear German product i be use for aviation too .
324	GPS	POS	5	my wife be a personal assistant to a commercial real estate developer and a great portion of she time be spend run errand in area she be not familiar with . she have tell I of some close call she have in the car , as a result of travel slow to read street sign or address number . on other occassion she be delay when she have to stop to phone the destination and ask for direction -lrb- one of the few who will not talk on the cell phone while drive -rrb- . with the Garmin c340 she be able to give all she attention to drive , keep pace with the flow of traffic , and not experience delay to stop and get direction . she say she have reduce she errand time by 30 % , and reduce she auto expense by 10 % . I be a bit frustrated when I find the unit come with a quick start manual and you have to go to the Garmin web site to down load the full instruction manual . my wife be not concern as she have never read a instruction manual for anything and usually toss electronic gadget to I to figure it out for she . this thing be so complete and simple to use you do not need the instruction manual . I have to show she twice where the on\/off button be -lrb- one of the most prominent feature on the side of the unit ? -rrb- and then I go to download the manual . she keep come into the office to show I what she have learn to do with this thing . by the time I have the manual download , on a dial up line , she have figure everything out so I never read the manual ! I originally start look at the gp because a friend , who be a electronics wizard and write computer program for video game , have a tom-tom . he come to visit about two week after we receive the c340 and my wife be show he all the feature and he sit there with he tom-tom and keep say , `` Mine do not do that ! '' he call a week later and tell I that he know I be a little disappointed because my wife take the Garmin , and toss I she new road atla , and he offer to sell I he tom-tom cheap because he replace it with a Garmin c340 Streetpilot . the review , I read on Amazon , which inform that this unit tell you the street name of exit give great influence as to my selection of this unit as my wife travel to California for she employer , and we have relative in San Francisco . we now travel there and navigate the traffic like one of the local . in summary : I research every gp I could find for three month before purchase and the c340 be the most powerful at the affordable price ; this unit will pay for itself in reduce drive expense , at today 's gas price , in about 6 month if you run daily errand ; insurance company should give reduce rate to driver who have a gp as it allow you to focus on you immediate surroundings and not impede the regular flow of traffic .
168	GPS	POS	4	Update : 9\/13\/06 - excellent customer service if you be willing to wait online for 30 + minute -- my unit be perfect -- suction cupdid not hold on the windshield nor on the disk provide for the dashboard . they be send I another mount device at no charge . original review August 2006 : receive the unit just in time for a trip to the mountain . enclose instruction incomplete and hard to decipher for a first-time GPS user . contents in package not label or describe -- you be on you own to figure out what the disk with the red bull eye might be use for . plug it into the cigarette lighter and attach the suction cup to the windshield as instruct , turn the unit on and it work perfectly , right out of the box . the suction cup mount fail every time soon after attachment , no matter which part of the windshield to which it be attach . finally decide that there have to be a better way to mount this . on the way , two hour into we trip , hold the gp because it be not stick to the windshield , a low battery indicator come on , despite the unit be plug into the cigarette lighter -lrb- not the source of the problem -rrb- . finally , the screen go blank and would not come back on , obviously , this unit be either defective or not charge . at we destination , I figure out that the black disk with the red bull eye be actually a platform upon which to attach the suction cup of the unit to the dashboard . unit inoperable , but attach . get back home after trip , call Garmin . after 50 minute on hold -lrb- thankfully I have a speaker phone -rrb- a technician have I connect the unit with my computer & the usb cable . he inform I that my unit could be charge through the usb cable -lrb- not in the instruction book or the online download manual -rrb- . we figure out that the charge cable for the Garmin & cigarette lighter connection be defective . Garmin send replacement cable -- which I be now await . Garmin 's website with faq 's do not address query include `` low battery '' , `` blank screen '' , and so forth . I can report that during the two hour it do work , it be marvelous .
426	GPS	POS	5	I buy the Garmin 7200 for the big 7 '' screen to use in we motor home . I do a lot of search and read forum before decide on this one . the text to speech be the greatest as it tell I to move to the right lane more than enough advance of the exit or turn , very important drive a motor home or any vehicle for that matter . if I make a wrong turn it direct I right back to the my route . my wife be the navigator and say it be the best addition to the motor home . she say it be a big stress reliever . we can go off the schedule route and get right back on in the shortest time without worry . the pous 's be wonderful , National Parks , gas station , store almost anything .
99	GPS	POS	5	love this gadget , keep I motivate to maintain pace when I start to get tired . I be a novice runner and only use the basics . there be many feature that would be great for the fitness fanatic .
941	GPS	POS	4	the gp be almost great , however i be disappointed that this one do not play music . otherwise i love it
32	GPS	POS	4	fantastic unit for hunting , hike , Christmas tree search , etc. . we hike in the mountain and you can take waypoint as you hike then go to Google Earth and look up exactly where you be . Works the other way too . input you waypoint and then tell the unit to navigate to it . check the accuracy of you speedometer . fun to use geocach too . there be thing I do not like . it have the older chipset that lose signal easily . I have to put the unit on my dashboard because it lose signal in any seat of my car . I also wish it convert coordinate to decimal easily but it only use standard gp coordinate . I have to do a conversion each time from Google Earth 's coordinate . there be some roadmap but only major street in most city . do not use this for address navigation because the map be not very detail . wish it use a usb connection to a computer but it be use older serial port so many new laptop will not interface to it . also , you have to move around for compass to work .
569	GPS	POS	4	many feature like find the nearest Walmart or Burger King ... etc. . but I be not impress by the accuracy of its direction . very very rare to see a mistake in the direction but when you encounter , it be so painful .
232	GPS	POS	5	I have debate on if it be worth pay more to basically get a voice activate feature . I do not know why I wait . it have be wonderful to be able to talk to the gp and get direction right away . there be a few issue with it recognize certain word , but overall , I can do about 90 % of the thing I want through this feature and then just type the few that I can not . I also love the traffic feature . I live in a metropolitan area that be often bog down by traffic or accident and it warn I in plenty of time to be able to travel a different route if I so choose to .
890	GPS	NEG	2	before use this mouse , I have a lot of pain in my wrist and finger from heavy computer usage in the office -lrb- 9 hour a day , 5 day a week -rrb- . initially , this mouse virtually eliminate the pain that I have in my wrist and index finger . but after a month or two of use , I develop new pain in different part of my hand . so I switch back to a conventional mouse . I switch back and forth with this mouse and a conventional mouse every couple of week for a few month , but stop switch when this mouse suddenly stop work . now , I use a conventional mouse and do hand and wrist exercise -lrb- I find a great video online but can not remember where I find it -rrb- daily . the exercise have help more than anything else . in my opinion , save you money and do not buy this .
918	GPS	POS	5	Great GPS . my old Garmin be four year old and miss the charger . the suction cup keep fall off of it . I purchase this one for a trip to South Florida . it work like a charm . great investment for someone who travel . it be idiot proof !
464	GPS	NEG	2	my husband buy I this TomTom for Christmas from Warehouse Deals , Inc -lrb- a part of Amazon - it be the 89.99 version when you click on the new availability -rrb- under the impression that the map be free for lifetime as state on the page . when you get the refurbish unit you do not get the FREE LIFETIME MAPS !! they will only offer a partial credit towards the map purchase ... SMALL portion . I would post this on the seller 's feedback area but the item be not eligible for feedback at this time . as far as the unit go , I have have it for two day and so far love it .
275	GPS	POS	4	I buy the Garmin 680 because to save time -- time lose when find a location and time lose when rot in traffic . the other feature be more like a bonus to I . the 680 be excellent at navigation and its screen be super bright and readable even in the Arizona sun . the screen also respond well to my touch , to my surprise . the voice prompt be nice as well as be many of the configurable navigation option . now for the bad . I be most frustrated with the MSN Direct part . it be more of a after thought than a smoothly integrate feature . the problem with the MSN Direct feature be well document : - require the FM Adapter so you can only use it in the car - datum update -lrb- especially traffic -rrb- can take up to 10 minute or more . keep in mind when you start the car that you have no traffic datum , so by time you hit the freeway , you may not have the datum . - the MSN Direct overlay icon be small and unclear . - the MSN Direct info only overlay on the lame map instead of the primary map . - the Garmin route algorithm do not factor in traffic when route a optimal route . -lrb- note it do factor in road closure . -rrb- I really need that traffic datum since there be multiple route in Phoenix area . when the traffic datum be there , it have be pretty accurate thankfully . the good news be that about 90 % of the time that I need traffic datum , it be there . as for the gas datum , some people argue that this datum pay for the MSN Direct subscription so it be worth it . Bah ! my observation be that the cheapest gasoline station consistently remain as the cheapest gas station . and when you can find a cheaper one , it be out of the way not worth the time to get to it . if you can afford the price for this unit , then you be probably more interested in save time and not save $ 0.04 a gallon by drive 10 minute out of the way . I would really like to see Garmin pipe the traffic , gas , etc. datum over satellite or cellular instead of FM . anyway , I doubt I 'll renew my MSN Direct unless they give I a nice deal . a few other complaint ... if you load up a fast memory card -lrb- 2gig -rrb- with mp3 , this unit take a super long time to show you the initial map . why would not garmin give priority to the navigation and then worry about mp3 afterwards ? the point of interest as also miss a lot of established business . I would also like to see a better pedestrian mode such as show a trail that you walk -lrb- great for return from a hike -rrb- . in the end , for automobile navigation , the Garmin be a great product . they need to think through some of they little feature and also figure out how to better integrate real-time datum like traffic however . with rumor of Apple thinking of add navigation to the iPhone , Garmin need to step it up and offer apple-like usability in all area or they be go to get smoke .
562	GPS	NEG	1	hus all , i live in Massachusetts -lrb- Framingham -rrb- . at first i use the nuvus , everything be Ok . I could choose between faster time or shorter distance . and many great feature . but when i go to downtown Boston ... problem occur . Nuvi could not read small road and detour . and the map be not a detail map . I be hope that i do not get lose again in downtown ... but then i be wrong . and then the other day , i be with my friend look for bertuccus 's in newton area ... i use nuvus to find bertuccus 's in newton , we be happy , but then we be disappointed again . Nuvi bring we nowhere near bertuccus 's at all . Arrgghh !!! right now , i be use google map and mapquest . \* sigh ... i hate u nuvi .
33	GPS	POS	5	my wife buy I , in early July , 2011 , the 305 as a replacement \/ upgrade for my 205 , which I have since November 2008 . want the heart rate function SHORTLY after I get the 205 . now I have it . Works good , just like the 205 .
639	GPS	NEG	2	it be a case and work as a case should but on hindsight , I should have buy a larger one that take the car charger and the windscreen mount as the first time I use the GPS , I inadvertently leave the windscreen bracket in the rental car as it be too big to fit in this case with the the car charger .
884	GPS	POS	5	purchase this gizmo for my laptop chart software , the gp work very well , acquire signal fast and accurate . I could not make it work with my software but believe be a glitch with it and not the gp . however not all be lose as I can still chart the current position on the chart by just transfer manually the lat and long value . I think be a amazing little wonder and with a appropriate electronic laptop base chart software can easily replace the more expensive package offer for nautical use .
54	GPS	NEG	2	I just return the second Garmin 1450lmt which arrive without any user 's manual . it do have a `` Quick Start Guide '' , but this be inadequate to explain the function of the unit . Amazon try for 15 minute to contact Garmin and then give up .
776	GPS	POS	4	I just buy the watch and I love it . there be lot of good review here , but this external review be the most helpful to I . it be the gold standard . also , check out he review of the 405 for a point of comparison . -lrb- ... -rrb-
810	GPS	NEG	1	I buy qty 2 of Magellan RoadMate 760 when they first come out think I be invest in a quality product and I be get a really nice discount for purchase 2 at a time . if only I wait for a few more month when Garmin or TomTom come out . this product be always take we in the longer route and wake up @ or after the turn have pass . on top of that the company charge you a lot of money to update you software\/maps . my 2 cent go with Garmin or TomTom . I just buy a Garmin for my brother .
391	GPS	NEG	1	there GPS 's use to be good . I have a old Garmin 750 and I love it be fast and work . this 1350 be a po . slow and the traffic be useless ... I can get on my phone with google map and get better update . I no longer like Garmin GPS 's
103	GPS	NEG	1	I buy a garmin gp 60csx for several hundred dollar for use in all situation , trail , water , road , and pay $ 100 in US road map softward so I could also use it in my car to find address . the software be very user-unfriendly . I do a search for a address in Florida and it can not find a street that be be there for 30 year . it do not even have Miami on its list of city . I be sure there be a way to figure it all out if I spend hour study it , but its Garmins non-user friendly system and you should not have to do that . it be crap . you would be better off buy cheap $ 100 car gp with free road map . but do not buy Garmin , they do not know what user friendly be . and get hold of tech support to help . you can , but the wait will be long , if not impossible
308	GPS	NEG	2	these thing be not inexpensive , especially for a college student , but I run a lot and want something to help chart my progress . the first thing I notice be the poor reception . it take about 5-6 minute of clear sky to sync with you local satellite , but that be not as much of a hassle as it might seem . just turn on the unit when you leave the house , do you stretch outside , and it should be ready by the time you be . the other issue be that it lose the signal often ; if you live in a area with tall building , mountain , wooded area , telephone pole , or flock of goose fly overhead , you can expect to hear the `` Sync lose '' beep at least a few time whenever you go out . this be not a huge issue unless you be run around the block in a urban area as the device be smart enough to `` connect the dot '' between where you be when it lose the signal and where you be when it regain the signal . if you be run in more or less a straight line the result will come out within 10 % of true distance . if you be the type of person who care whether you have go 8 mile in the last hour or 9 , invest in a map . despite the signal issue , I would have give the unit 3 or even 4 star . you can account for the syncing time by stretch outside , and you can adjust for the distance error by add 5-10 % at the end of you run . the reason it get two star be that my lcd display start fail after about a month and less than 100 mile . it be still usable for another month or so -lrb- in that I could figure `` ok this be either a 6 or a 8 , and I know I run more than 6 ... -rrb- , and then the display fail completely and the device become a gp paperweight . I realize this be almost certainly a qc issue and you be not likely to get a bum unit like I do , so it get 2 star instead of 1 . it be useless to I , though .
277	GPS	POS	4	for the money I do not think you can do better than the Garmin c330 have to offer . I purchase a couple and return of other prior to come back to this unit and for ease of use and accuracy , nothing beat it . the only knock I have on it be it be size compare to some of the other with the same size screen . it would be much easier on air travel if you could pack it away in you laptop case like some of the other . I recently use it on a vacation which involve several move to different place on the west coast and this thing be a super time saver , not to mention the tension of plot out you trip and try to make head or tail out of those internet provide drive direction .
23	GPS	NEG	1	I buy this navigation system 3 month ago because I do not want to pay close to the same price to update my Garmin map , but I now realize that be a mistake . the Garmin I buy over two year ago still surpass the technology of the TomTom . the quality of the graphic on the TomTom be significantly inferior . TomTom -lrb- with up-to-date map -rrb- can not find neither of my parent ' house -lrb- grant , one live in a newly establish neighborhood but be still over a year old , while the other life in a older neighborhood and street -- over 10 year old -rrb- . additionally , when the address be consider `` valid '' , TomTom announce you have arrive once you be in the vacinity of you destination . at this point , you have to look around -lrb- either to the left or right because it do not indicate that either -rrb- for the exact location . another feature I like from my old Garmin be that it tell I which street -lrb- and direction -rrb- to turn on , so when you have street close together , you be sure to turn on the right one . with TomTom , I have often turn on the wrong street and one time , it even have I go through a parking lot to get to a main road . finally , once I reach either of my parent 's house , it would have be nice to add `` current location '' to my favorite , but that be not a option -lrb- at least that I find -rrb- . to end on a positive note , I do love the screen and the information it display -lrb- outside of the graphic -rrb- .
836	GPS	POS	5	as a high handicapper I likely need a golf gp like I need a second wife , but since my wife have just go out and buy a lot of clothes which I do not think she need , I decide to act like a spoil brat and buy something for myself . not only be it easy to use , but it actually be beneficial . I quickly appreciate that my visual estimate to the pin could be off as much as 2 club . I have save on average 3-4 stroke per hole since I buy this item -lrb- I tell you I have a high handicap -rrb- . in addition , my wife who initially say , `` it be a waste of money '' , now ask I for she yardage or ask I to measure how far she have drive she ball . if you decide to buy a golf gp go with Garmin . other then a short battery life -lrb- buy rechargeable battery -rrb- , it be terrific . bye the way , I initially buy a Calloway GPS . that be terrible and be return the very next week .
140	GPS	NEG	1	so without any notice ... or any additional information on the product until we go to unlock the new 2008 map . previous year you could unlock the map for 2 device -lrb- we have a pair of gpsmap 60cs unit -rrb- . as of 2008 , apparently you can only use the map unlock code with a single unit and must purchase a second unlock code for you second device . the Garmin website be a mess and any additional information about unlock code be miss from they website . some of they own link end in broken link that turn up no information . when I buy these unit , they be pretty much the only game in town as far as a good screen and a portable unit . now there be a ton of other option . if you be look to buy a new unit ... I would look elsewhere . Garmin be downright hostile to the enduser . maybe all of the gp company be ... but I intend on find out now and will not buy anything else from Garmin again . there have be complaint by other for year about how hard and complex the unlock code process be ... I agree . I have be able to get through it once a year . insult to injury , now it be go to cost I even more -lrb- on top of the mental anguish -rrb- if I want to use this update on both of my Garmin GPS 's . Buyer beware .
591	GPS	NEG	1	I be so excited to get this little puppy run . the Software that come with it do not work on my Windows 7 64-bit box but it run ok on another window xp machine , download from the IOGEAR website behave the same . I run the software and after I change the IP and save back to the print server it would revert back to DHCP . I call technical support and they have I reset the unit and then it start to behave itself but I be not able to get the printer and the print server to complete the wizard . we try , the support person and I , for a hour to get the unit to work with the printer . the printer server do not even allow we to open a webpage to it . I do not know if that be what be suppose to happen or if the unit be break or just not design to work with the printer . I be send the unit back , it have be a waste of time for I which be a shame . . so much promise . maybe usb be just not suppose to work on network afteral and this product just can not make it happen for every printer out there ?
807	GPS	POS	5	I purchase the bu-353 gp receiver to use with the marine navigation software I install on two different laptop use on my sailboat . one of the laptop run Windows xp and the other , Windows 7 -lrb- 64bit -rrb- . I install the latest driver from the manufacture website , then connect the gp receiver which have work flawlessly on both computer and under both operate system . the gp receiver be install inside the boat and receive signal through the fiberglass without issue .
947	GPS	NEG	2	Magellan GPS be `` ok '' . it beat have nothing . I purchase they top end unit after have great success with Magellan GPS in my Hertz rental . do not know why exactly , but there be almost no similarity between the consumer and commercial line . Navigation be a b + on a generous day . ca not see the screen in the daylight . charge for map updat be too expensive . here be what you really need to KNOW before you buy a MAGELLAN MAESTRO or ROADMATE GPS : MAGELLAN will not fix you unit if it go out of warranty . they will not try to fix you unit if it go out of warranty . yes , that be correct , if you gp be out of warranty , you can not ship it to they for repair - they will not take it . you be stick with you broken item . Tuff ya know what . they be however so very thoughtful when I call for support . they have a `` loyalty program '' where I be offer MAGELLAN 's lowest end gp at a higher or near same price as I would pay at Amazon.com or Walmart . keep in mind , I spend hundred on thier top of the line . wow , thanks so much . I 'll tell you what I respectfully tell the support phone rep. follow a post of this review , I 'll be on my way to Garmin.com to obtain my next gp unit .
791	GPS	NEG	2	the bezel be very frustrating . it either scroll for you or it do not and there be no reason why . sometimes when my finger be just near the edge it would change screen . I would have to push hard and the next time a feather light touch change the screen . the gp and hr monitor work great and the hr strap be comfortable . the amount of stuff it can do be amazing but I think you need to be a professional athlete to use it all . the Garmin training website be not very good and there be no direction on how to use it . I use it with mapmyrun.com and it download seamlessly . it also download fast with the Garmin training site but every time I want to stop it give I some Garmin error . I be a female and the watch be really uncomfortable and large . female , I do not recommend it at all . it rub on my wrist bone the entire run . I would try to readjust it and the stupid bezel would get touch and change screen . I think it would fit a man 's wrist quite well though . the battery charge go very fast . I do not get it past 65 % because I keep plug it in . go from screen to screen be a pain with so many feature . for a serious male athlete I would recommend it . pro : great for serious athlete compact and clean look for a man 's wrist lot of feature , interval , simple , advanced , hr zone 1-5 and 3 training plan hr strap comfortable and I never have a issue with a inaccurate rate sit , run or sweating backlight be very bright -lrb- although it would come on if my finger get too close to the bezel -rrb- con : Way too clunky for female wrist bezel be finicky at best , hard to control . impossible while run too many feature for a newer runner . just run my first 1\/2 marathon and even with all my training I do not want or need all those feature . the price be way too high when there be other watch that can do very similar function just as well .
421	GPS	NEG	1	review of nuvi 1490lmt strike 1 - it take over 6 hour to register and update to the latest map -lrb- t1 connection -rrb- . Garmin will not work with any browser other than Explorer and it have to be a older version . strike 2 - first long trip -lrb- it estimate 6.5 hour -rrb- it direct I to travel a road load with small town and stop light . I think that it would have add a estimate stop light time into the trip but it do not . it would have be faster to take the highway -lrb- a extra 40 mile , but would have save 20 min . and lot of gas -rrb- strike 3 - second trip drive around dc it get lose and take I right downtown next to the National mall -lrb- I know there it a lot of construction but the map be suppose to be update quarterly -rrb- after several wrong turn , I find my own way back the direction I need to go . strike 4 - -lrb- I only need three to decide I be send it back -rrb- advertisement ! very annoying . strike 5 - very hard to view the planned map . touch screen move around on its own . strike 6 - when view the full set of datum , the map screen be half size . no way to adjust window size .
95	GPS	POS	5	this be one fun gp . this be my 3rd Garmin GPS , and I have use many other . except for the slightly larger size , it be significantly better in every way to the etrex series , which be still fine gp unit . the boot time be fast , and the aquisition time be fast . you can program just about every thing you could imagine on the GPSMAP 60c , yet in spite of the functionality , this be the easiest to use GPS Garmin have ever make . several thing that really make it easy to use be -lrb- a -rrb- simple , clear menu , -lrb- b -rrb- all button -lrb- except power -rrb- be on the front , and have large , clear , high-contrast text label -lrb- no tiny molded icon to squint at -rrb- . in map mode , the pan and zoom button be always available - you do not have to go into a pan mode , and map redraw be much faster than on the etrex series , which be nice . -lrb- c -rrb- display be big and clear - in the dark or in the sun , -lrb- d -rrb- very effective use of color in menu , map , and status screen . you can even select among different color screen . the quad helix antenna seem to work very well - at least as well as my old gps12 , and noticably better than my eTrex Vista , which have trouble in the tree . the usb interface make download map very fast , and 56mb hold more map than you 'll hike in a summer . if Garmin ever come out with higher-resolution map , the 56mb will be really nice .  I be able to figure everything out without the manual , but then read the manual cover-to-cover last night . it be well write , well organize , and have good illustration . the manual be just the right size - small enough to be friendly , but have all the detail you need to get the most out of the unit in easy-to-read font .  on the downside , I find the button always get accidently press when I have the unit in my daypack - I have not find a keyboard lock-out mode for when I be hike and want the unit on for tracking -lrb- cell phone and ham radio often have this lockout feature -rrb- . I do not use the belt clip , but the unit do not come with the little plug that go over the belt clip hole , yet the picture in the manual show one . I notice the demo unit at the local store also do not have this button .  the two biggest enhancement Garmin could make at this point be -lrb- a -rrb- higher resolution topo map for Mapsource , and -lrb- b -rrb- a way to have the Mapsource topo and road database in the unit at the same time .
624	GPS	NEG	1	this be the worst car charger I have ever purchase . it dose not work most of the time and when it do it get so hot I be afraid it will catch fire .
176	GPS	POS	5	this product be absolutely amazing . Ive use it for a year now and have use it for travel over 5,000 mile . most of the time I use it in the car along with the beanbag mount . the beanbag mount be one of those item that you just need if you plan on use it in more than one vehicle .  this unit allow you to download a portion of you state into the GPS unit from the computer . it use the communication port so it take a while , but Ive only do this once the entire time ive own it . my family and I use it mostly by typing address into the unit , then allow it to find the fastest or shortest route . its amazing what this little machine can do , and Ive have older model that can do nothing near what this unit can . you can also do a search for point of interest in the area you have download into the unit . this be neat if you be look for a gas station , school , concert location , or something similar where you just have the name of the place .  if you get lose it automatically re-calculate the new route , and beep and show detail as you go . as you near a turn , the screen show the turn and also how many mile \/ foot until you reach the corner . its very helpful . the backlight be also a great feature , and it look really good at night .  the only problem Ive have be the lack of storage space , I can store about 1\/4 of the state of Michigan in the detroit metro area . also , if you miss a turn , it can take a minute or two to re-calculate the route , so you often mix the next turn or two while it recalculate . lastly , ive have it place I on the highway when I be actually on the service street . this have only happen a few time and really wasnt a huge deal .  its definitely worth the price , and since ive have mine ive lend it out many time . its just one of those thing that once you have you cant live without .
690	GPS	NEG	2	I buy the Garmin nuvus 1300lm 4.3-inch portable GPS navigator with lifetime map update . I have have it about a week and have only use it in area that I be familiar with . I do not want to even think about travel in a unfamiliar area with it and surely will not do that without a backup map . several time the direction could have get I into a awful situation . once I be direct onto a minor side street that would have make I miss my freeway entrance . another time I be direct onto the wrong interstate . if I have not be familiar with the proper route , no tell how much I would have have to go out of my way . other direction have be marginal . direct I to a street name , which be not post instead of a highway number that be and other thing like that . hopefully on the next update these thing will be improve . I do like some of the other feature that be not available on my old Garmin . my old Garmin be much better at give correct route , so I know they can do it . I be go to keep my new one and hope for the best . I will be travel with auxillary map though !
848	GPS	NEG	1	I be very disappointed . I set it up and discover that it do not even have my own house address . I bring it with I to a trip to Florida and it do not even have my hotel address . the hotel have be there for year . I even update the device but still do not find the address . it also keep repeat itself , it say turn right several time even after turn right . I return after two week . I buy a Garmin .
127	GPS	NEG	1	I be about 3 hour into this thing and still no fix , I hope it would be plug and play ... ...
72	GPS	NEG	1	less than one year and the gp do not work at all ! . I have a gp 60 CSX that have be serve I for year . I buy this one expect the same reliability , plus the map capability . the unit have freeze for ever , it be not able to finish the load cycle and there be no way to solve it . since I live out the US get service be cumbersone and such a poor quality be not acceptable on equiptment so critical .
285	GPS	POS	5	I have get my i3 for six month now . other than the occasional hard-freeze -lrb- require the removal of car adapter power and open the battery compartment door to kill power and restart -rrb- and also some inaccuracy in the map datum -lrb- I do not attribute this issue to the unit per se but the datum provider -rrb- , the unit have be well worth every cent I pay for it . I live in Seattle , but I take my i3 along with I to Cabo San Lucas in Mexico -lrb- about 2000 mile away -rrb- , and also to Singapore -lrb- over 8000 mile away ! -rrb- , and in both case , the unit be able to figure out where it be after it take well over 10 minute acquire satellite . it just do not have the correct datum to work in those place . Thought that be something fun to know .
175	GPS	NEG	1	I and my gp go to yellowstone i be lose most of the tine garmin 1450 go to hell
614	GPS	POS	4	great bang for buck . pro : have a lot of feature . first 2 unit I receive -lrb- one for car , one for truck -rrb- be bad & have to be exchange . thanks to Amazon for fast turn around -lrb- 2 day -rrb- . one have a bad dvd player `` bad disc '' with any dvd I put in . also have a hi pitch whine on the bluetooth source . would not go away unless I turn the car off & back on then quickly change source . second unit would constantly open the motorized screen & continue run the motor non stop . frustrating since I have to spend several hour trouble shoot & remove the unit . receive the 2 replacement unit -lrb- overnight shipping , thanks again Amazon -rrb- and install they . some minor quirk but over all good . install the 1st in my truck - the ipod cable sometimes do not play right channel audio . have to squeeze the adapter & wiggle it . the 2nd install in my wife car , the 4gb sd card for gp be bad on arrival . luckily I have order 2 & copy the software from the 1st sd card onto my laptop . then buy a new card at Walmart -lrb- also 4 gb -rrb- and paste the information onto the new card . put it in & good to go . I 'll be contact the manufacturer for a replacement ipod cable and sd card . will also be ask about the map update as all update I have attempt thus far fail . Edit : I still have not contact the manufacturer for replacement of the defective item . I 'll be do that Monday . additional information - this be my first in depth diy car audio\/video install . I end up around 15 hour per vehicle . this involve the head unit , door & dash speakers\/tweeters , rear view camera , subwoofer under seat & custom dash aux input -lrb- rca for video , 1\/8 '' stereo for audio -rrb- . if you have some electronic knowledge & be patient this be not a terrible diy project . if you be not electronically knowledgeable & a patient person ... I highly suggest get this professionally install . have use they drive around town & on a 6 hour road trip . I have notice a few thing . first - I wish the reset between touch screen press be faster . you can only press button so fast , about 1-2 time a second . while this do not seem like a big deal , it make a difference for those who want to turn the volume up\/down quickly , cycle through page on you ipod . second - make and receive phone call . if you have a disc playing , it will pause the movie to switch to the bluetooth feature . if the call drop you have to wait 10-20 seconds before make the call again or you call will connect without audio or mic input . third - sometimes the GPS datum fail to load & throw a error . click yes will reset you setting . beware . this be a unit that be very affordable & offer many feature . there be some bug . for anyone well verse in window & program the Windows CE 6.0 environment can do some cool thing .
128	GPS	NEG	2	I order this to take on vacation and receive it about a week before leave . it take 2 hour to download map through a dsl connection . there be nothing in the book about how to receive the traffic information . only after call do I find out that it be receive through the car adapter . it do not work . i email Tomtom and get a nonsense reply about ongoing issue that pertain to the live traffic edition . I call and get someone helpful who explain that many of the traffic receiver do not work . I be tell to mail the receiver back and they would replace it . i explain that I be go on vacation in 2 day . they say they would fedex a new adapter , but I be ready to leave and do not receive it . very disappoint . direction be good though .
714	GPS	NEG	1	I have buy hundred of amazon product and this be my first negative review . after about a week of use one of the side no longer adjust , there be a button you push to release it -lrb- so you can adjust the width of the holder -rrb- and after hit that the left side will no longer catch at any tighter position . I personally consider the review for most of the product I have buy on amazon , which be why i be fill this out .
784	GPS	NEG	1	I purchase this in Sept 2011 . work ok to begin with . then it start freezing up , but I could cut it off and it would get ok . on 2\/23\/2012 , it freeze up again while down town Detroit and I try to get out of that city . this be just a piece of junk . it be still freeze up and I will probably purchase some other type of GPS . I would not reccomend anyone waste they money on a GARMIN .
370	GPS	POS	5	I have just acquire this to help I train . it work at treat be simple to use for what I use it for -lrb- exercise in certain heart rate zone -rrb- . there be much more you can do with it but I havent try yet . the ability to store you workout in the machine and upload they to a pc to reviw they be good and again simple to use . the only minor quibble be : - because of the slight variation in fix the pace reading tend to shoot up and down but this can be smooth and I havent try that yet - the bundle map in the training center software be not very detailed for the UK .
503	GPS	NEG	1	buy a refurbish one from fry 's . it never locate satellite indoor and outside in open area . I be in lo angele . have to return it , very disappointed . pro : i like the interface , it be very smooth .
71	GPS	NEG	1	never pick up satellite signal to change from default Chicago location . too bad -- seem like good combination of feature and customizable tools\/preferences .
588	GPS	NEG	2	I make a choice after my several day research on GPS . however , 1 . size I have a 4-door sedan . this product be too big for sedan 's windshield or dashboard . 2 . battery usage without power less than 30 minute . even though you have a power , sometimes screen be dim . I do not know the reason . 3 . Video input for Backup camera screen although this have a video input , do not try this product for Backup camera screen . professional installer in `` Safe & Sound '' and `` BestBuy '' store installer try to install this with several kind of back-up camera as per the instruction of Magellan customer service . do not waste you time for this . except the above , I do not find critical problem . absolutely , I return this . be careful of restock fee for electronic device .
396	GPS	NEG	2	Garmin 's model number be extremely confusing . I buy this and turn out that this be a very bad gp . pro : 1 . nice slim look . look sleek . but then again , this be actually a con . see below con : 1 . the nice sleek look be a thief magnet invite a bust window . 2 . the touchscreen do not work very well . type street name miss key many time . I suspect that its a processor issue . 3 . Voice command be a joke . it almost never get anything right . 4 . find place `` along route '' list do not auto update force you to go back and re-search to get update list as you drive along you route . I reture this and buy the 2460lmt instead from costco for 180 . it solve all of the above con . plus there be also a feature to update speed limit if need . who would have think that 2460 be better than 3790 ?
62	GPS	NEG	1	I have just purchase the new c330 StreetPilot through Amazon.com . every time I turn it on it give I message : `` can not unlock map -lrb- ok -rrb- '' . the map be not load I be get only basic map layout . I have reset the unit without result . Garmin technical support be unreachable by phone . I be tell it will take they 5 day to respond by Email . this be quite ridiculous situation . I own 3 other Garmin product and those be work fine .
765	GPS	NEG	2	i be disappointed , only larger screen and low price attract to buy , and of course exist brand name . signal strength poor , it take nearly one minute or more to get signal and occasionally lose singal in between . color scheme be also poor apart from four choice it also do not tell that you destination be on right side or left side . everytime fall from mount clip board . honestly i do not recommend .
471	GPS	NEG	1	one of the primary reason I buy a Garmin 1450 LMT be the offer of lifetime map update as I have have problem in the past with out of date gp system . now I be leave on a trip and it be time to perform a update but the unit seem incapable of do so . the update software see my gp attach via usb and recognize the model and serial number but when I tell it to update , it fail say that there be not enough room on the device , delete unnecessary file . the problem be that I have not add any file ! I recognize that over time Garmin 's map get larger and there be a finite amount of memory on the unit but this unit be only a few month old . how can Garmin market a unit as have lifetime update and then have it run out of room in a few month ? this seem extremely irresponsible of the company and they should offer a replacement unit that be capable of receive map for some time into the future . I have use several Garmin product in the past and be happy but I be very disappoint in this one and in Garmin 's approach to marketing seemingly inadequate unit . I will gladly rewrite this in a positive note if Garmin agree to fix the problem and turn this around because otherwise I be happy with the device .
400	GPS	POS	5	it be very easy to use . Easy to set up . very exact with instruction . graphic and sound be just right . I highly recommend this product .
286	GPS	POS	5	I buy this before a trip to California that take we to San Francisco , San Jose , Santa Cruz , Lake Tahoe and Yosemite NP . this be the first time we do not plan any segment of a trip , or print drive direction . therefore it be a big risk , especially for someone suspicious of technology . after the trip , I have to admit this device have spoil I . all those thought that get I stressed while drive , e.g. , `` which direction be I drive ? '' , `` what be the name of that street ? '' etc. , be go . toward the end of the trip I be make turn without even check the name of the street . if I miss a turn , it would reroute very fast . I be a little nervous about how it would work in the wilderness of Yosemite , but it be accurate throughout . even the rapidly fluctuate speed limit on the wind mountain road -lrb- e.g. , 45 to 25 to 35 to 20 to 35 etc -rrb- be accurately display . I do not know how well it will work in future trip elsewhere , but base on this one long trip I highly recommend this device . I can not wait to take it to we next trip .
732	GPS	NEG	2	use rechargeable aaa battery , with the Battery Saver feature turn on , about two hour . sometimes I get more use alkaline , but not much more . honestly , this unit be worthless , because I can not trust the battery . Order a Garmin Etrex Legend instead . it be not much more expensive , larger or heavier , and it include a base map of road , town , and shoreline . the Legend come with a cable to transfer datum from you computer . the Legend 's screen be a bit larger , but show much more detail . and - the battery last hour and hour .
348	GPS	NEG	1	not a item to be use with a pc for the tracking download . have to remove Garmin software from pc , it keep lock my pc down !
441	GPS	POS	5	purchase for my parent -lrb- 80 year old -rrb- . they love it . Easy to use , and so far seem to be very accurate .
892	GPS	POS	4	first , as everybody have comment . . the display on this 3790t look AMAZING ! compare it to ANY other gp and the difference be almost like black and white tv in 1956 to today 's hdtv ! the Display not only look good it be very use-able in any light . . even direct sunshine hit it be screen . I have a top of the line Magellan ... you can barely see the screen when it get very bright out . anyway , I would rather talk about a few quirk or negative as I feel a review should help one decide if the pro of a device out weigh any negative . my first major con be that I have only see the Juntion View screen pop up maybe 3 time in over almost 2 week of drive . I live in NY and there be a ton of Juntions I have pass thru . the 3790t doe show lane assist -lrb- the arrow which lane to be in for upcome turn -rrb- BUT it simply almost never show a juntion view . I actually return my first unit think it be simply defective . . it be NOT . so from my experience you be barely go to see juntion view on this unit at least in NY . I have read other review that state they see a lot of juntion view . . but in NY unless I have a second defective unit ? ... you can almost forget the fact the 3790t have juntion View . as a side note my Magellan show a juntion type view at 1,000 time to one vs this unit . my second con . . be more about refinement . this darn gp be roughly $ 400 depend on the deal you get . the voice inside my unit sometimes though rarely , will crack . meaning . . if a map be zoom in or or out I have notice the voice break up . this have only happen 2 time in 2 week . . but in a $ 400 unit this be unacceptable . another con for I be my first unit freeze up the minute I decide to NOT follow the gp 's route as I know a shorter way to go . I have to re boot it . . all be well but again ... refine ? $ 400 no ! my last and maybe biggest con be traffic ??? what ?? this Garmin be tell I there be a ton of traffic on my route YET my radio 's traffic report be not mention any traffic where the Garmin be tell I it be . also the Garmin be auto re route I off my route because it think there be a ton of traffic come up . well . . I do not listen to the Garmin , and there be no traffic where it say it be . on the other hand . . one time the 3790t tell I all road be clear . . while I be sit in traffic , barely move 10mph on 55 mph road . so it have be my experience that the traffic feature be near useless . or at least maybe it be a hour or 2 behind reality . that be say my Magellan 's traffic feature be just as useless . so after all this complain why do I still give it 4 star ? well . . overall I actually love this unit . overall it pick excellent route , I like the timing of the voice tell I where next to turn . . it be very difficult to miss a turn with the 3790t . . it be excellent at guidance . I choose a female New Zealand voice -lrb- build in -rrb- and it be very refreshing to be able to change voice ... as one voice can get monotonous after you own a gp for a long while . I love the size of the unit . . more than as a toy . . it be so pocket able a huge plus over the other dinosaur gp unit out there now . battery life seem good and overall construction seem high end . . except I get a little creeky sound on the small plastic part on the back if I press on it , that also house the speaker . the voice quality be awesome blow away the Magellans . . -lrb- I do not know TomTom -rrb- . . and it be loud as you can stand . Voice command -lrb- you speak to the unit -rrb- be near excellent though you may need speak rather loudly or it may just stare at you . : -rrb- I do love you can even use you voice to choose you custom favorite . however you only get 5 favorite at a time to choose from . if you do not see the one you want . . you have to say DOWN . . it will scroll down another 5 and another 5 -lrb- or it be 4 at a time -rrb- do not recall . eventually you see you favorite . . choose the NUMBER next to it . . and bam , all by voice you can start navigate . I wish you could say the name of you favorite -lrb- as in speech to text -rrb- ... say you name you favorite Mike 's place or whatever you have it name . instead you need scroll possibly thru 100 's of favorite till yours be find via voice . of course you can simply use the screen and type it take a second actually BUT so much for voice command then . lastly one feature common to I think all garmin which I love be within favorite you can see all the favorite near the one you just go to . my Magellan can not do that . . and be I be in sale . . this be a wonderful useful feature cause i may have a customer 2 block away from where I be and the 3790t will tell I so ... which may have skip my mind otherwise . to sum up my book -lrb- sorry -rrb- this be truly a wonderful unique great gp . . with excellent route . . which be why we buy a gp . I just initially want to point out some negative as too often review become almost like a team event . . mean I love Garmin . . or Panasonic or WHATEVER , often that cloud be objective . . I want to be objective here ... all in all quirk and all , I think this may be you favorite gp of you lifetime . . till the next model improve on he one `` somehow '' highly recommend !!
554	GPS	NEG	1	the best part of the design be that it do grip my iphone\/gps very tightly . but , the adhesive base for the dash board do not stick and fall back off after 5 minute of apply it . I do prep the dash first to help the adherence but it do not help . so , I try to use the optional vent clip and as I slide it into the vent to position it the finger of the clip break off and fall down into the vent . I could suction the holder to my windshield , but I buy it to use on my dash board and it just do not cut it . very disappoint . long story short , this product be not worth the $ 8 I pay for it , so beware .
707	GPS	NEG	1	the device break down in 8 month . it take a 30 min wait time with Garmin customer service , and the representative tell I that in this situation there be nothing they can do . I have to ship the device back with my own expense and they offer I a `` refurbish '' device with 3 month warranty on it . I do not know what be the future of this refurbish device , but I be not so confident . also if something go wrong , the charge to fix a issue be $ 110 + ~ $ 10 for shipping . wonderful ! $ 120 to fix a $ 149 device . this be what happen when there be no competition in the market . I hope someone rise to stop this .
530	GPS	POS	5	I have see gp device in the past and have decide to invest in one for my work after become lose while try to go to a job interview -lrb- thus lose the opportunity for the job . -rrb- both my husband & I have use the device and we love it . it work so well ... it be easy to use , and it do not matter if its bright daylight or darkness of night , I can see everything clearly , I know what to expect , and it be so much fun . I wish I have invest in one sooner and I be so glad this be the one I choose to buy this one .
259	GPS	POS	5	this be my second Garmin Nuvi product -lrb- my previous model be a 255 -rrb- and the feature of the new model make it a pleasure to use . there be still some problem with the mapping and pous datum , but they be get better . I would highly recommend the Garmin Nuvi 1450LMT to anyone search for a first or replacement gp unit .
429	GPS	NEG	2	I buy this product as a gift . the first time we use it , I be disappoint . a awful lot of the direction be just not right , and there seem to be no recalculate once you decide to change you route a bit - it just keep try to get you back on the original route it pick for you . the color on the screen be fine and dandy , but that do not make up for the fact that the direction be so unspecific that we be scratch we head wonder what the heck to do on the road . I see a review that say `` best turn-by-turn gp on the market . '' I hardly see how this be possible with direction like , `` take the next exit , '' which , at speed of 55 mph on the highway , be just too unspecific , combine with the fact that street , exit number and right or left turn be never indicate , just a very generic , `` take the next exit . '' further , a lot of time there be a direction , `` in 200 foot , stay to the right '' when there be both exit ramp and branch in the road . we use another gp system that give plenty of count-down warning to the next turn , tell we which WAY to turn -lrb- how important be that when give direction ? -rrb- , with a reminder when we be right at the turn to , in fact , turn there . I have read about some map update due out in January of 2005 . we 'll download they and give it a whirl , but if it turn out to be as nonspecific as it have be up to this point , I 'll gladly trade the awsome color screen for the correct direction every time .
374	GPS	POS	4	fairly easy to use out of the box . I be lucky enough to know someone that already have one . it be confuse that when you enter a address that to save it you have to hit do , if you do not you will not have the address again if you have intend on store it . you have to remember that the global positioning system be not 100 % accurate . when use it to go to a relative home I need it because it be a fairly complicated area , once there it announce the house be on the right when it be on the left . so make sure you check the address . it can be off . also if there have be recent construction it might not be update to tell you where the entrance be on a highway . the nice thing be if you take a wrong turn , the unit announce `` recalculate '' in a rather upset voice , and then give you another route . it will not necessarily give you the fastest route , but you will get there .
134	GPS	NEG	1	we be so happy when we buy we first GPS unit 8 month ago . but we experience with TomTom GO510 have be a frustrating one . the unit require frequent reset , sometimes right in the middle of unfamiliar place . if we ever forget to bring a pin , we have to resort to the good old map to get we out of the jam . to TomTom 's credit , it do replace promptly we dead unit after initial 2 month of use . but the unit consistently fail to find we California home , even after a most recent map update . grant , the housing development be only about 2 year old . but , we have report its coordinate to TomTom right after we receive the unit . it be even more ridiculous when the unit report error during a recent route computation from New Jersey to the JFK Airport . TomTom 510 be not worth the price .
465	GPS	POS	5	it do not always take you on the right path but it get you where you want to go . it be easy to program and easy to use . I love it and now I will not get lose look for new place to go . product ship on time and arrive in perfect condition .
978	GPS	NEG	2	this incredible gadget have so many feature it make you feel like you be a member of the Enterprise crew . it also have enough menu and screen to leave even hardcore electronic gadget junkie satisfied . yet , it have one shortcoming - it do not work half the time under real life condition . perhaps if you be in a open desert or a similar terrain it be reliable , but even with light tree cover -lrb- 20-25 % -rrb- or hill nearby it sadly report `` weak signal '' and can not calculate you position . to I , all the other feature be a icing on the cake , but without be able to fulfill its primary mission , it become but a expensive electronic paperweight .
933	GPS	POS	4	I buy this gp for a friend , and he lend I for the first week of use . it work great , help you a lot chose the exact exit lane , so the lane assist be a amazing innovation .
759	GPS	POS	5	I really think this be a great product . I use it to power my Nobletec navigation software on my boat and it work faster and better than handheld GPS 's that I have pay hundred of dollar for . the software that come with it be also very easy to use .
686	GPS	POS	5	this be a great product and work in 99 % of car . one of my car have a CD slot set into a concave front so it be not as secure as it could be , but it have work great in all other car I have try incudng several Hertz rental . I be buy a second mount to carry on the road because it be a lot lighter than the dashboard `` friction '' mount I currently use .
696	GPS	NEG	2	unless you catch it , I have unplug the until from a rental car and not notice the end screw hold the fuse have come off and I be leave with a worthless cable after I discover the situation when I get home . yeah it be my fault but it be still poorly design -- I have have two other unit just stop work -lrb- after the warranty of course -rrb- .
803	GPS	POS	5	I order this device after Consumer Reports rate it a best buy , favor it above other more expensive model and I be not disappoint . this way exceed my expectation , and the thumb wheel -lrb- instead of the touch screen -rrb- be great , work similar to a blackberry . the voice instruction be clear and straight forward . I would strongly recommend that you also purchase the three-sided Garmin friction base so it sit on you dashboard . for the extra $ 30 , it work well . I have only have my Garmin a month or so and already , three friend have buy one just like it after see mine in action .
663	GPS	NEG	1	I give the 1450lmt to my wife for Xmas . I have register it and update the map 3 time . however , the Garmin briefly flash a message `` no technical detail ... '' and then go to another screen . so , I have not read the entire message yet . but , update the map take 39 minute on my high speed line . so , this have already take nearly 4 hour follow a 4 hour charge period , and I have accomplish nothing . I send a message to Garmin and the automatic response state they try to respond to all email within 3 day . I read several negative review prior to purchase the 1450 , and now I wish I have not bother . the 1450 simply be not ready for the market .
855	GPS	NEG	2	this be my second Garmin . I buy a 305 last year and have to return in less than a month as the battery would not last longer than 2 hour . this year I buy this 410 . I be return it . after just 3 week it freeze up with a blank screen and never work again . Garmin say to return it . but before I do I really like it . it be comfortable to wear . it acquire satellite in less than a minute . the touch bezel be very sensitive but once lock it work fine . I be not get another 410 . I would buy a Nike Sportband GPS but it do not have average pace so I 'll probably try a 610 . good luck with a Garmin ... they be not the highest quality stuff .
821	GPS	POS	5	it have so many feature that my other gp -lrb- a Magellan -rrb- do not have . I love the 5 inch screen ... easy to see without put on my read glass . I return the Magellan which freeze up ! I love the way I can customize my TomTom in so many way . the software that come with it be easy to use and work well , delete the French & Spanish voice be the first thing I do to free up more space . I love the share website to correct mistake or pous 's that be miss . since I get mine -lrb- at $ 109.99 regular price be $ 229.99 at best buy -rrb- I have sell two more to two of my buddy !!
527	GPS	NEG	2	I can not believe how much info these gpss know but do not tell you . this one at least tell elevation , but nothing else on it be good . menu be insanely confusing and traffic be useless . in fact , it send I to a road that be almost entirely close , and all the while claim no traffic problem . they say with Garmin that if you want it to do anything useful , you have to pay extra . soon , Google and the open internet will put a stop to this . the gp should give you access to everything it know . for comparison , I buy a 4 '' Tomtom GPS in 2011 on clearance for $ 47 , and it blow this Garmin away in term of usefulness . my advice be , stay away from Garmin . by the way , device be return to Amazon without a problem .
990	GPS	POS	5	I buy this for my husband -lrb- with he input -rrb- as a Christmas gift . he be still thrill with it and he friend be envious -lrb- even better -rrb- . it have become `` the toy '' to have among he buddy . on the practical side , it be extremely useful in he work as he often make delivery or `` pick up '' in remote or unfamiliar location . the unit will `` recalculate '' easily when make different turn decision than the one give .
366	GPS	NEG	2	good while it work . quit work after 11 month . I hope I get good service from Magellan . otherwise I will reduce it to 1 star . one thing I do not understand , why people complain that the unit be too big ??? be not that why you buy this ? Kinda like complain about a car you buy and reduce the rating because it be too red .
488	GPS	POS	5	I have use the optional nav system that be a $ 2,000 option in most car , and the Garmin c340 be by far the easiest and best perform nav system I have ever use , at a fraction of the price . it be so user friendly that all I have to do be turn it on and go . the amount of datum pre-loaded into the unit be stagger . my relative that live on a private road with only three other home be in the system . the other system I have use could only get I to a intersection , about a mile away . my only regret be that I do not spend a little more to purchase one that be bluetooth ready . I be thrill with my c340 and purchase it on Amazon.com be easy and fast .
469	GPS	POS	4	this portable gp be very intuitive , quick and easy to use . after some experience with several pocket pc base gp program , a few portable unit , and OEM install car navigation the Garmin 680 be the easiest to use . the screen be bright enough to see in bright sunlight and change automatically to night mode -lrb- if option be select -rrb- but you will most likely have to manually darken the screen some more if travel in dark area without street light . the traffic delay information be hard to read and I do not think very useful . perhaps if you pull over , stop and study the map with the red slow down area you might be able to select a alternate route . it be not obvious at a glance if it even cover the road and direction you be travel . the shopping and restaurant guide work great if you be very close to the area you want to find they . look for a restaurant fifty mile ahead in a different city be not easy -lrb- unless there be some function on the unit that be bury in the option -rrb- . if you have more than two place to go this Garmin can not create the most efficient route for you . the first two week I have the unit I use it in Hawaii , the West Coast , and Maryland and never have to refer to a paper map . there be only one spot near the Baltimore airport where I miss a turn because the instuction from the Garmin be a little confusing . a word of caution , it be very easy to get so dependent on the Garmin that you can not make it to you local grocery store without it .
125	GPS	NEG	1	the suction cup to stick it to the window do not work well . the thing keep fall down while drive . the unit be way too big . the GPS itself be 4 inch and then the unit itself be about a inch and a half additional . I end up just cut my lose and throw this piece away .
849	GPS	POS	5	easy to use , easy to setup . take it on a trip to the north wood of wisconsin and even the most remote road be recognize . I love the detour feature and the route recalc . my brother use the speedometer feature in he ski boat ! good buy for the money and for someone who want a good quality and easy to use GPS .
350	GPS	NEG	1	Magellan Roadmate 800 . this product should be ship directly from the manufacturer to the garbage dump . I recently use this to go from Eugene , or to Lake Tahoe , CA . the error , misdirection , and mis-routing on this one trip be far too numerous to list here . I will give 3 for you amusement . 1 . while go South on Interstate 5 it insist that I be go East . 2 . while sit in the Wal-Mart parking lot in Red Bluff , CA , I ask it to direct I to the nearest Wal-Mart . it tell I that it be 163 mile south . 3 . on my return to Eugene it route I through Placerville , which be fine . except once I get to Placerville it route I off the freeway and through several street and back onto the freeway , go in the opposite direction ... twice ! also , you can forget about find a rest stop on you way , it will route you 20 mile in the opposite direction when one be actually just a few mile up the road . save you $ 600 , buy a roadmap and a magnifying glass ...
604	GPS	NEG	1	I have the Garmin Nuvi 350 device and order this mount think it would work with my device base on the Amazon description of the product . the first time I order this I receive without the arm that attach to the GPS unit . I return it and have a replacement ship . the replacement come with the same problem ... only contain the bean bag base portion and again no arm . apparently , this be for some other unit because it do not work as it be ship . I will attempt to find this somewhere else . fool I once ... shame on you ! fool I twice ... shame on I !
139	GPS	POS	5	I purchase the 350 nuvus after much research , include reading review . I just take a 2400 mile trip across the US , include Yellowstone and other site out west . the nuvus be only inaccurate a couple of time and that be when I take what appear to be newly open road . it be definitely useful , but you also need to pay attention to the road sign . I especially love that nuvus give warning about upcome turn and advance warning when you need to be in the right or left lane before a turn . we have start use the nuvus for geocach and it have be right on ! it be also useful when arrive to a destination early -- I be able to look up hotel further down the road and make a new reservation ! what a timesaver . I will not travel without it again !
538	GPS	NEG	1	i buy this item and after 1 day it break . then i receive a replacement and the replacement do not last I 3 day , i think he quality be very poor ... ... .
381	GPS	NEG	1	I purchase a 1370t for my trip to Europe in July of 2009 . the unit function for a total of 2 day before die on I . here I be have spend $ 400 for the 1370t , in a foreign country travel with a dead gp unit . I guess paper map still have a purpose . at the time I receive the unit I also purchase a city map of Athens . to garmin 's credit they replace the unit in September when I return . though it do little to ease my pain . now the icing on the cake . a month after I receive a function unit I be advise that garmin issue a map update for the city navigator map . this update I have to purchase all over again since Garmin do not provide for free update on this product . it would seem to I that in a difficult environment for the hand hold GPS manufacturer that they would do everything possible to keep customer happy . not Garmin . they seem to think that we will just take what they hand out without consequence . they be wrong . if you want a sporadically function unit and poor customer service then Garmin be for you .
331	GPS	POS	5	nice little camera . good size and comfortable in you hand . have not use it under water yet but take good picture otherwise . purchase this one because I have two other Nikon camera and they have never fail I . I totally trust this brand .
563	GPS	POS	4	the product itself be excellent ; from the quality to the price . it be `` box ready '' except for load the map . the map load need Tech support , and that be where the problem be . I spend all but half a day , call and recall for assistance . the tech staff be very friendly , but time after time after time the map load program freeze up ; and every time I have to call for assistance . there Tech operation need a major upgrade . my time be money ; and four hour be a lot of lose money . please upgrade you in-house loading experience . I be very fearful to call back for upgrade to the map when I get the email that there be upgrade to be load . the stress level of a possible half day of Tech support help make I stressed already .
687	GPS	NEG	1	we try to install this print server use two different printer on two different network . the installation CD seem to install on both system , but we be never able to print to the attach printer . the box claim that this product will `` easily connect you printer to a network . '' well , it be easy to connect the cable , but that be as far as we get .
136	GPS	NEG	2	I buy this for my boyfriend and it work okay for nearly 2 year . by that time , the unit do not hold a charge at all so it have to be continuously plug in or you would have to plug it in and restart it . also , the map get very out of date and it would have be expensive to upgrade they - I think it would be better to get a new gp , but my bf keep use it until its last die breath , which be rather painful since it seem like every time he take it on a trip with he , when he bring it back the touch screen would not work any more . this make it completely unusable , but then after a while it would decide to start work again . the calibration also get off all the time , so we would start a trip and try to punch in the information and even the security code would be near impossible to type in so it would take forever to unlock it , recalibrate and then finally put in the destination . there be no way either of we would buy a gp again without it have the lifetime map feature , but because of all the problem I be not too sure about buy anything that be a Garmin . right now he be use he iPhone to get drive direction when necessary , which come with it be own unique problem and restriction , and sometimes just he brain which be probably the best if you be at all familiar with the area you be drive but also come with it be own unique problem -lrb- haha -rrb- but definitely search for a stand-alone gp unit that will be better than this be .
341	GPS	POS	5	I get my mio on Friday and use it on Saturday to drive from my apartment in D.C. to my friend 's apartment in Crystal City . this be a bit of a confusing drive for I , as I do not do it very often , but it be make effortless with the c220 . no get lose or weird route - the Tele Atlas map be very accurate . I end up make a detour on the way home to go to mcdonald 's and the device recalculate my route in a matter of seconds . very cool ! highly recommend for its value and accuracy . also , it be insanely sunny outside and I could still see the screen very clearly despite the glare .
945	GPS	POS	4	there be some road not find in the garman . some road be missname , but even with these fault , I have take many trip out of state and to other place and it get I to be I be go . I would recommend this product .
496	GPS	POS	4	this gp systen have not steer we wrong ! this system manuver we through Pittsburgh flawlessly . if a wrong turn be make it re route we quickly and leave no time for panic because we be right back on track . I be extremely pleased with this product and would reccomend it to other . my only concern be download new map , we be unsure how and where this can take place in the future when new map be need . overall , work great and very happy .
155	GPS	NEG	2	when my old forerunner 301 stop sense heartbeat and I check to make sure it be not the chest strap , I purchase a new one . love the unit . on my first ride it fall off the handlebar mount -lrb- after I check it twice -rrb- and be run over . no problem , just go to Garmin customer support , explain in a email what have happen and ask what they policy be . HA ! fill in all the REQUIRED information , press send and -- form go blank in both Safari and Firefox . I 'll call tomorrow but if they website , and other review be any indication , I be in for a rocky time . wonder if any Garmin folk actually check to see if they website work . Ok , about two week have pass . Got on the phone with Garmin customer support . very pleasant young man take my information and credit card datum and give I direction on how to return my unit . Cut I a deal for a replacement . get the replacement yesterday and charge it up . must be refurbish because it will not acquire a gp signal to save itself . back on to customer service tomorrow . like I say , great unit , if it work ...
209	GPS	POS	4	the unit purchase do the job , however list a bit misleading as it be not actually like the Garmin Original as there be no fuse . other than this good product so far .
142	GPS	POS	5	this product be amazing ! it be so easy to use and so useful especially when run long distance and you do not know how far you have be . I would recommend this product to anyone !
828	GPS	POS	4	from a feature\/function perspective , the edge 800 be a fantastic device ... when it work ! some of the problem I have have multiple time include -lrb- but definitely not limit too -rrb- ... speed go to Zero randomly , then the device will auto-pause cause loss of datum . last 3 ride the device encounter a waypoint error in which it suddenly show I travel 1000 's of mile completely throw off all my datum field include average speed , distance , elevation , etc. . I have have average speed reach 15,000 mph . Corrupt fit file on the device that prevent I from upload datum to Garmin connect . in short , I would not purchase this item until Garmin fix all the software bug with a new version firmware . if and when they do , I will rate the product at 4-5 star as it be a great gp when work . -lrb- at the time of this post , current firmware version be 2.1 -rrb- UPDATE - all technical issue have be resolve by Garmin via software update . Hopefully Garmin will stop use they customer as software tester .
182	GPS	POS	5	very complete map and million of pous . search function on the Garmin 60 CSX be very intuitive , better than my car navigation system . this will make you hike gp device just as functional for driving\/walking anywhere .
867	GPS	POS	5	this be a nice item for the price . make a great back up power cable . I find this not really necessary . i buy it because of some rather picky reviewer say the cable that come with the 1490 LMT be bulky . it be not bulky in my Silverado Pickup . not sorry I buy it but be not necessary .
654	GPS	POS	5	I have be a long time user of a older model Nuvi and instead of update the map , I decide it be time for a new one and I be so glad I do . I do my research and try to narrow it down to the one I want and decide on this one . I absolutely love that it have lifetime FREE map and traffic . that be the decide factor because I 'll never have to worry about it be out of date , have the wrong road -lrb- if they have change -rrb- , or actually not have new road or development . so that be the reasoning behind I get this -lrb- also be a very satisfied former owner of one , I would never change to another company for navigation -rrb- . now we 'll get to the good stuff ... actually own and use it . I do not think I could be much more impressed with this one over the last one I have because the last one I have be the absolute highest top of the line one they have and always work very well -lrb- but just be out of date -rrb- . but this thing somehow blow that one away believe it or not . they have add so many helpful feature and have really make the user experience near flawless . the lane assist be great ! I love how the screen movement be much more accurate and smoother . I also find it amazing in term of how fast it know where I be after be off for a while and then start it up in a totally different place . some people I know who own very cheap GPS 's always complain they take forever to locate where they be so they can start that navigation process . but this thing , so far , have be incredible and almost within seconds locate the satellite which get I on my way much faster than lower end one . also , my previous version do not have a screen quite this big and the inch difference make a huge difference to be honest . it be so easy to read and view while drive . for those of you who might be consider this as you first gp device I must say ... GO for it ! you will absolutely love Garmin ... they be truly the best at what they do . this unit feature read out direction that prompt you at just the perfect time -lrb- not too early and not too late -rrb- and then remind you again as it get a little closer . the readout of even some of the oddest street name be often very good -lrb- or very funny if that , but you still know what it be say -rrb- . it also have a lot of great other feature that be perfect for road trip or even just a weekend joy ride . the point of interest on this unit be incredible as well . that be the one little complaint I have about the older version ... it do not do a great job of find POI 's that be not somewhat close to where I currently be . but this one will find they almost no matter where they be and it do it much quicker than I would think . so that be a major plus as well . since I usually only use my unit when I be go to -lrb- or drive home from -rrb- place that I be not familiar with , I do not use it for daily driving and have not have a chance to experience the traffic update . from what I have read and hear from other who own a garmin with traffic update , it be pretty good at reroute you around the traffic , but I can not vouch for that personally as I have not use it in that scenario yet . the only place I usually hit traffic be go to or come home from work and I do not use the unit at those time since I know probably 10 different way to get home and they be all clog with traffic . but I have hear they work pretty well for that and will update this at some point if I have a positive or negative thing to say about the traffic feature . I hope I have hit the topic you may have be wonder about if you be read review . I can not say that I use this to the fullest extent base on all the amazing feature it have , because like I have mention , I do not use it on a regular basis . but I will say the 10 or so time I have use it in the last month after receive it , I have be super impressed and love it . it be just so great to know that I 'll never be lose or have any issue find my way . it be a great feeling to know that and Garmin have be my trust and rely upon choice for over 7 year now . I would highly recommend Garmin to anyone , and more speicifically this unit .
769	GPS	POS	4	my plan be to only use this gp unit when I be chart out new course , but I be find myself always strap it on now ! it be less cumbersome than I expect and work very well . out of about 20 run , it lose contact with the satellite once for about one mile - otherwise it have be faultless . it take about 3-4 minute to initiate contact when turn on and you need to leave it someplace still while it be find the satellite .
817	GPS	NEG	2	well , its be 6 month since I purchase the product and the gp function have croak . everything else work but the distance always read zero and do not change . I have try to reset the watch -lrb- hold the mode\/reset + power button -rrb- but that have not help . the watch be not exactly cheap and what be worse be that I never drop it and always wear a wristband under the watch so that it would not get all sweaty so I take very good care of it . I be very disappoint in the product 's lifespan and Amazon only have a 30 day return policy so it look like I be outta luck !
845	GPS	NEG	2	while this product say it fit 4.3 '' gp device - they do not tell you that if you device have any connective add-on for cabling -lrb- e.g. garmin -rrb- the additional piece do NOT fit in this case which be ` glove tight ' for the basic device . if you just have a 4.3 '' device this product will be fine .
330	GPS	NEG	1	this be my second 1450 . the first one I return as it would not find the satellite . I call Garmin support and spend a hour on the phone with they to be tell to send it to they for repair . I decline and return it to Amazon for replacement . ok ... I get the replacement 1450 from Amazon and same exact problem . do all the thing I do before include update the software and the map . -lrb- why in the hell do it not ship with all the current update ?? -rrb- however , it still will not find the satellite at all . I also have a Garmin 255w which work quite well and find and hold the satellite quickly from the same location and while drive a 7 mile test route . so the replacement be go back and I will never buy another Garmin piece of crap product ever again . I will now begin a search for another GPS product to meet my need . the only thing good about this be Amazon 's customer service ! Update ... I spend almost 6 month look for a better gp unit than my Garmin 255w and go with the BMW Portable Navigation unit . it be expensive but do work quite well .
543	GPS	POS	5	simple setup , and work without a hitch with my canon ip4300 . have a mixed environment of window 7 and xp computer print in less than 15 min .
411	GPS	POS	4	First of all , the 5 '' screen do the trick for I . Amazon offer it for 200 when best buy have it for 279 and Frys Electronics for 250 . I have not get to use all the feature yet , but do just hook up the bluetooth for my phone . only thing I be have problem with be get more accents\/languages on my gp , I put a 4gb micro sd card in it and still can not get the extra space for they to fit . probably just need to work at it more , but otherwise this gp make my day , be that I just move to a new major city . thank you Garmin ! P.S. . if you go to Garmin 's website they have a application you can download and have you own voice give you direction after record many word and sentence . I 'll get a girlfriend of mine to put she voice on there though . Garmin ... get Cartman 's voice , Keifer Southerland , dane Cook , Etc. . voice file !
191	GPS	POS	5	this Garmin do all that we hope and more . I be glad that we purchase this model and highly recommend it to other .
746	GPS	NEG	1	I have use Garmin for year and like it . so when it come time to buy another GPS , I want to go with Garmin . so on Christmas day -lrb- when I get it -rrb- , you could not even use it until you `` register '' it on Garmin.com . yet of course that web site be totally screw up . it be not just mind-bogglingly slow , but then it keep time out when you finally do get through . I like the fact that when I request my username it send it to I at my email address , but when I request my password , it say that it do have my email address . Huh ? you just send a message to it ! totally nut . and then it do not come with a wall charger , but then when you try to download thing , it have to be charge ! so you have to take it out to the car and let the car run for a while as the unit charge , then bring it back in and try again to get software download to it . nice . then I buy the unit that show mileage , etc. , and you plug it into the OBD II port . yet they do not even tell you be the OBD II port be on you car ! Crazy . I think that if you be go to sell product , you should support it . I be disgusted . if I can not get this stupid thing work shortly I be return it .
889	GPS	NEG	1	as far as the mount system go , the windshield mount look and work as if it come out of a 25cent bubble gum machine . it rattle all the time and when it do not it be only because it have fall of the windshield , the stay power be all of about 15 min . the actual Magellan be okay apart from the occasional two city off locator . if I sound sarcastic I be because I really dislike the product .
427	GPS	NEG	1	I get one of these piece of junk for my birthday a year ago - I think it have work a total of once . first , the mount arm do not keep the product at a angle where it can be view . I contact TomTom and they tell I that my mount arm be not part of a recall of mount arm - so I have to buy a new one . I do - twice - neither work . I call TomTom again and they tell I that the mount arm frequently malfunction when the temperature be over 80 degree - I live in Texas - the temperature be over 80 degree 6 month of the year . next , I have to constantly restart the TomTom - it seem to not like to work for more than a couple of hour at a time . then , yesterday , I try to restart it and nothing happen so I box the whole thing up -lrb- 3 docking arm and all -rrb- and mail it back to TomTom . save you money - get a Garmin !
228	GPS	POS	5	Works as promise . it be not as complicate as it look and be a huge step up from Nike + and Adidas micoach product .
145	GPS	NEG	2	this be my first TomTom GPS , I buy it to replace my older Garmin GPS . this TomTom do not pronounce street name and highway name correctly , that can be confuse if you be not familiar with the area you be drive in . also , the street name turn by turn be only available on one of the program voice -lrb- susan-american English -rrb- there be many voice to choose from for free already program on the unit . I do not like the window mount , it be difficult to mount the GPS unit onto the mount , and the mount often fall off the window . during a recent trip to Phoenix area , the GPS would tell we there be a quicker route off the freeway , we try it once and it actually take we onto a side road , through multiple traffic light ... that take we longer ! I have have my unit for only 6 month , and the display screen be freeze . talk to several people at customer service be frustrating , a couple of people there do not know enough about `` customer service '' just give I vague answer and the runaround . finally speak to somebody that know they job and tell I to return the unit , and they 'll replace it with another one , not new-refurbished ! however , they do not want the unit send back USPS , only Fed ex or UPS which be quite expensive . I be take it back to Costco where I buy it , receipt in hand all the bit and piece in the box and exchange for a new one ... . Garmin be more reliable and easier to use . the feature I do like be the lane guidance and display screen be big and easy to read .
373	GPS	NEG	1	I purchase two of these unit the first one work ok . the second one have a problem . in a side by side comparison the signal quality of the two unit vary . I check there accuracy and tracking with oziexplorer move map software . the first unit track pretty good , but the second unit position be off a large percentage of the time and sometimes as much as 400 meter . I send the faulty unit to Garmin to be repair . they send it back with a description of the problem and that it have be fix . I check the unit out and it be the same as when I send it to they . now I be stick with a dud .
376	GPS	NEG	1	the interface be difficult and not very intuitive to use . why SONY make thing so complicated be unknown to I . I be take it back to Radio Shack and exchange for a Garmin , I will gladly pay the difference and refurbish charge .
580	GPS	POS	4	I purchase this item because I want the live traffic and also the step by step direction . the step by step direction be handy in that you can review the turn and direction in order that you can determine howthe gp be navigate you . I have be very happy with this product in that it seem to be right on with traffic delay and arrival time . however , there be one major annoying feature that I absolute dislike . the GPS have advertisement that show up that you can not get rid of . I guess that be how Magellen pay for the free traffic by sell advertisement . after a while you become use to it , but I rather not have it and I wish there be a way to turn it off . another issue that I have experience be that in area of tall building once in a while , like downtown LA , the gp seem to get lose due to lost signal . but in all , I have be very happy with it and it seem very accurate .
42	GPS	NEG	1	I receive this device and update it be map and software right away . I have use my cell phone and a old Garmin GPS from work to home , both of they give I the shorstest and quickest route . I want to give Magellan a try . Magellan add a extra 6 mile -lrb- my regular trip be 31 mile -rrb- and a extra 15 minute of travel time . there be no traffic problem and the route be clear with no road construction . the route be a famous Chicago area highway and well established major road . at one point there be only one road that lead I to my destination and the device keep ask I to make a U turn !!!! this be a bad device with bad route . I wish I could return it for a refund . I be very disappointed .
172	GPS	POS	5	this be purchase on behalf of a friend with no internet access . he have be a happy hunter ever since .
367	GPS	POS	5	buy this for my dad who get he steal from he car . say the ball and socket be snug but I think that that be not a bad quality to have . great price and have not hear any complaint yet from he . he have have it for over a month now .
225	GPS	POS	5	Garmin out rank they all . I buy the GPS as a gift , it be so great , I buy one for myself . could not ask for a better product and the price be great !
504	GPS	NEG	2	why would Garmin ruin such a great product with ad ?! when you use the traffic feature , pop-up ad continually appear on the screen . if they be give you something for free , maybe a few ad would be a reasonable compromise . but you pay more for the model with the `` lifetime traffic '' feature . subject you to ad when you have already pay for this feature be pretty annoying . and intrusive . not to mention the fact that the ad seem to relate to place you have visit , so it make you wonder what information be be share , and with whom . I would opt for a tomtom or other brand that do not play this game .
289	GPS	POS	4	I be pleasently surprise after use this unit . I read some horror story from some reviewer after I have already orderd it and even think about cancel . all you have to do be read the manual -lrb- which be short and concise -rrb- before you start and you should have absoloutly no problem . I read some review which complain of shoddy construction . not true ! the map that ship with the unit be work great although they be ship the newest map to I for free . for anyone that do any travel in Europe , this gp come pre-loaded with all of the european map as well as Canada and the US .
664	GPS	POS	5	I get the Forerunner just in time to start the new year , and it have be a great motivational tool to keep I run on a regular basis . just see it on my desk make I want to go for a run !  i run a number of different route , and it be nice to be able to alter they on the fly to keep my distance fairly consistent . I have use it for walk , run and on my bike to check speed and distance , and it be easy to delete workout if you do not want bike or walk datum pollute you run log . if you be run in the dark you can press the power button briefly to turn on the -lrb- very nice golden -rrb- back light for about 15 seconds at a time .  the only problem that I have have be after change my weight setting the calorie counter seem to be a bit whack out - 216 calorie to run 6.27 mile in under a hour at 175 lb . do not seem quite correct . hopefully new firmware or a reset will correct it , but I 'll wait until after the pc log software be release before try to correct it .  it be easy to strap onto a bike that have a thick cyclometer or light mount on the handlebar , so I can not imagine buy the bike adapter at this point .  great product . have not be so happy on the bleeding edge since get my first generation ipod .
360	GPS	POS	5	this be one of the best gp we have purchase so far . the info about speed limit as we drive along the interstate particularly be a great feature . thanks .
906	GPS	POS	5	this be my first gp watch and I could not be more pleased with it so far . the forerunner 305 feel well make and do not lose signal even when I run through wood . the best part in my opinion be be able to easily download all of the datum from you run when you get home and even overlay you path over Google map and Earth use free 3rd party tool . it would be nice if the watch be smaller , but it be light enough . other than that I would not change a thing .
48	GPS	POS	5	great product , largest screen size for this type of navigation .
898	GPS	NEG	2	the GPS unit be impressive , but mine keep drop the satellite signal and recalculate to a different destination . I try download the latest software from they site , but it do not fix the problem . Amazon be replace the unit and I will see if the new one work correctly .
14	GPS	NEG	1	it do not work . I try several time , each time it keep say acquire satellite for about ten minute -lrb- I be outdoor -rrb- . give up . return it .
66	GPS	NEG	2	item come in look good . when I go to update the map and get it ready to use and I receive a error . no room on hard drive . I call TomTom and they be unable to correct the error . they say to send in my receipt and they would send I a new one , but when they receive my receipt they give I a web address to download new map . not what be promise . I send they a message and I be still wait on the response . not sure what they be go to do , but I may have to send back for a refund .
249	GPS	POS	4	I buy this as my first gp from Staples about 6 month ago and be generally very pleased with it . the pre-loaded Navteq map be circa 2005 as best I could tell . some of these unit have the mp3 player\/fm transmitter and some do not , even though the box indicate they all do . I have use this all over the country from Maine to California , and it have be useful and accurate 95-98 % of the time . in Los Angeles it be a near-godsend . I do have a problem in northern Maine , as another writer indicate , the Navteq map be generally lack in that area . this unit be a 12-satellite -lrb- stage 2 -rrb- reciever . customer service seem to be a problem for many , and Staples tell I they have stop sell these unit because they believe the company may be out of business . I find the interface reasonably easy to deal with , and the 4 '' screen size be a large plus versus most basic unit . unit take longer to lock up than a SIRFIII , but I learn to deal with that without much issue . do not speak street name but do prepare driver for turn well with voice command . do not have any battery for those who want a portable unit at time , the ViaMichelin x-930 or other unit do . multiple route choice be good , pous 's be fair . this unit be considerably heftier than many newer small and light GPS 's , but I do not hesitate to put it into check luggage because of its heft . perhaps the best testimony be that when mine be steal , I buy a refurbish unit -lrb- that I hope in fact have the mp3\/fm function -rrb- from a auction vendor , when I could have buy any number of new unit for $ 30 - $ 70 more .
432	GPS	POS	5	I love my new Garmin ! so glad I get one with lifetime update as the last one I have be a real pain to deal with . my old Garmin stop work and I be use the gp on my phone and be find it difficult to use the phone for multiple thing at once . . best to use a separate device for the gp ! this one a bit bigger so it be really easy to read . ca not think of anything negative to say so give it 5 star . .
337	GPS	POS	4	the watch be really durable and have stand the test of time . I have drop it sereral time and it still keep work fine . the main reason I give it four star instead of five be the time it take for the satellite to find you at some location that I go to . many time I stand out by the road wait to run for five minute until it finally pick I up . but once it do , it work great and I never run without it ! awesome workout companion . it be cool to see how fast you be go and how far you have run . plug it into you computer and it will map you run on Google Maps and tell you you pace at any certain point so you can see where you need to improve ! it have so many feature that I have not even figure the whole thing out yet . it also keep track of you history right on the watch . really keep you motivate to run when you can get this frequent feedback on progress !
913	GPS	POS	5	I do a lot of research before I settle on this Tom Tom . awesome tool and very reliable ! the only change I would make be that I would add a sun visor with the kit . wonderful device !
220	GPS	NEG	1	the ad clearly say `` fit Nuvi 250 '' , which I have , but it do not fit my Garmin Nuvi 250 . it be not big enough . furthermore , I have email the seller , and he have give no reply after several day .
246	GPS	POS	4	have anyone else experienced get the product with a defect on the top right side where the face join with the band ? -lrb- the glue or seal use to join the piece be bad -rrb- . I order two unit and both have the same defect from black Friday sale ... just curious ... it be not a big defect , but detract from the overall quality ... think about order a third set to see if it be more than just a coincidence ... or a sale on defective unit ...
442	GPS	NEG	1	the description say you can use this for a Magellan Roadmate 3055 which be what I have . in fact , it will not fit . I be sure if you have a smaller Roadmate version it will fit but NOT a 3055 . the seller need to update the misleading description . thanks .
671	GPS	POS	5	Lo use en ee . uu y en argentina , en el primero pude usar todas las funciones y anduvo perfecto a veces es medio lento en mostrar los mapas o recalcular pero e bastante preciso . si lo van a usar en otro paise como en arg , que no hay inf de trafico es gastar plata de mas por ahi recomentaria algo mas barato pero es muy practico sin duda lo recomendaria no tiene problemas en bajar los mapas de internet y cargarlo . muy bueno
883	GPS	POS	5	this gp be a great buy for several reason : \* quick and strong satallite reading \* good basic feature -lrb- let you set the format for lat\/long . that you prefer -rrb- \* price be a great buy - free shipping here at Amazon . \* gp be accurate - especially when it begin recieve a WAAS signal : -rrb- if you have no need for street map or computer link-up ability , I strongly recommend this product .
993	GPS	POS	4	I like Navman pocket pc with gp . it be simple to use and have enough feature for those look for a pocket pc to store email , contact and some file . also good companion while on Road -lrb- I name this gadget with my wife name - show direction while move -rrb- 2 bad thing about this product ; 1 . map be old , not sure how to get latest map . 2 . I be still not able to connect to my wireless router -lrb- comcast broadband -rrb- for internet access .
299	GPS	POS	5	I have about 15 run on it so far . I use it at lease 3 time a week . almost everyone everyone in my run group -lrb- desert dash -rrb- have on . will not go wrong with this one .
448	GPS	NEG	2	last for a few time but now fall off the windshield all the time . can not stay on for more than 15-20 minute at a time . have try clean the cup surface but do not help much . would look for a better product
382	GPS	NEG	1	just about impossible to get on the lens on the screen of a gp -lrb- Garmin Oregon 550t -rrb- perfectly . by the time you put it on the lens be dirty with fingerprint . Perfect be about immposible .
65	GPS	NEG	1	I find that my HP LaserJet 1012 printer be no longer support after upgrade to Windows 7 , and even though I find a workaround that allow my Windows 7 machine to use it , I could not share the printer on my home network with Windows xp client . so , I buy this unit to host my printer on the network . initially , upon setup , I be able to use it with all client . however , it have now be install for a few month and I have find that I often need to power cycle the unit and sometimes reboot the computer , too , in order to make it work . I be now outside of the return window , so that be $ 38 waste .
305	GPS	POS	5	my wife buy I the Garmin Forerunner 301 for Christmas . I have want only a heart rate monitor , but this gp device be a pleasant surprise ! it work wonderful . it be simple in design and in ease of use . it appear slightly bulky , but when I wear it on my run , it do not bother I . in fact the large screen be easy to read . I mainly do 5k run , so it be not like I be wear it for a extended period of time either . but all in all , for what I use it for , it exceed my expectation !
467	GPS	NEG	1	I buy this Garmin because it seem like it would be easy to use . my daughter have a 350 and she love it . but I do not love mine . it only hold a charge for about 2 hour , it do not come with any external battery charge except a vehicle power outlet cord and when I plug the GPU unit in it immediately go into charge mode and will not operate . same thing when I plug it into my desktop comptuter at home -lrb- with a usb cord from my camera , since one be not supply with the Garmin . -rrb- when it be charge , I can not do anything else : no naviagaion , no download waypoint , nothing . plus , it doen ' t know where anything be ! it send I way out of my way or onto dead end street try to get anywhere ! I do not know anything about other GPS unit , but if they be all like this , who need it ?? I 'll just go back to my old way : highway map and print out from Google map -- they be more accurate anyway ...
498	GPS	NEG	1	I order the Bad Elf before I have hear of the xgps150 . a few day after order I run into a guy at the airport who be use the xgps150 . after chat about it for a few minute , I decide to cancel my Bad Elf order and order the xgps150 instead . Amazon say it be too late to cancel the Bad Elf . I get the xgps150 and use it in the car and airplane and love it . it be external and connect via Bluetooth . today , I decide to try the Bad Elf that have arrive a few day after the xgps150 . First off , it turn off when you close a app that require GPS . then when you reopen the app , the Bad Elf have reacquire the satellite . very annoying . the xgp stay on and connect . switching between app be seamless . the other issue be that the Bad Elf stick out the bottom of the device you connect it to . it be easily knock out and I believe it would be easy to damage you device . in my hour of use it , it get knock out once . at that point , I firmly decide I would return it . I be go to keep be as a backup to the xgps150 . no more . I 'll be order a second xgps150 .
397	GPS	POS	4	this nuvus have same `` problem '' as my old one from 5-6 year ago . to the lay person it appear it can not charge and run at the same time -lrb- ie : plug it in for charge-up and it stop mapping -rrb- . turn out it can sense specifically where it be get it be 12 vdc . if it be from a REAL usb port -lrb- like on a laptop -rrb- , it shut down however if its from another 12 vdc source through the supply usb cable it be ok . I 'll bet my old one have the same issue but Garmin only tell I the shutdown be not normal and\/or I must be mistaken !
816	GPS	NEG	2	yes , it be inexpensive when compare to some alternative , but the devil be in the detail . these supplier all differentiate themselves on the software and feature set since the underlying chip tend to be common , so this be where you will want to focus when compare . thing I like about this system : 1 . the hardware be well do , though the cable to the receiver could be a little longer . 2 . the option to view satellite position in they software be really neat . 3 . integration with contact for route planning be nice . however , I just return my Pharos system for the follow reason : 1 . it crash my Dell Axim X5 PDA , and this be apparently a known issue . on investigation , the vendor 's web site have a faq on what to do in this situation . unfortunately this be not a rare occurrence , and it be clearly a software bug . 2 . another bug in the navigation software show my distance -lrb- as a bird fly -rrb- increase to the destination while I be actually head towards it on the interstate prescribe by the route software . after about 45 minute of this , it abruptly fix itself as if nothing have ever go wrong . 3 . the route calculation be so slow as to be unusable , and this be on a 400MHz Dell Axim x5 with a ton of memory - a very highest performance device . 4 . map inaccuracy be such that it occasionally indicate the user be off-route while on a major highway or the interstate . I think that this be a case where map position coordinate for the roadway be at least 50 to 100 foot in error . 5 . map have to be manually load from region to region . even if present in the memory , the user have to instruct the software to use it . this be a big hassle , and one that be not tolerable while drive . 6 . generate route be terrible in town and out , and I find myself use a paper map for the sake of efficiency instead of this system . as a example of how ridiculous thing can be , the device instruct I to exit Interstate 20 in the middle of nowhere then immediately get back on the highway . this be not relate to a map inaccuracy ; the exit ramp , stop sign , and entrance ramp be exactly where they be indicate to be but the instruction make no sense . there be also a number of product feature and tweak that should be address -lrb- in my opinion -rrb- : 1 . a route builder tool be need where the user be present with route option , or can constrain the route engine to use a certain highway or road set . without real time traffic information , school zone location , etc , this would be necessary even if the route engine be good . and wile not a panacea , this would also speed the calculation up as a side effect . 2 . the display should auto center when one zoom . draw a zoom box on the screen only instruct the unit what scale you wish to see rather than zoom in on a specific region . 3 . the map view tool be weak , make the process of transfer map to you pc and pocket pc slow and tedious . 4 . there should be a option to adjust the amount of detail show on the map : low , medium , high . I see situation at both extreme that I would have like to adjust -lrb- actually need to in one case -rrb- . 5 . it would also be nice to have basic trip computer feature like ETA at destination as well as waypoint or road change , average speed , a speed profile , etc. . 6 . the unit should be able to store and upload actual detailed route to Pharos ' web site for analysis . this would allow they to tweak they route engine to a point of usability , and perhaps generate rule or algorithm that would allow it to finish calculate before you arrive . conclusion : at its current stage of development , this be a toy at best . I do not what alternative to suggest yet , but would like to hear from you if you have a good one . best regards , Roy
727	GPS	POS	4	I purchase this to use with a Zumo 660 . I think I have order a solid composit unit . MY FAULT . however I like the space saving for storage . I have not riden on a cloudless day since install . seem to be effective . will have to see how velcro attachment hold up at highway speed .
2	GPS	NEG	1	the device be difficult to use for the average person and the manual do not give very good instruction . also , I have have random problem . after take a full charge , it shut down the next morning in the first 5 minute of my workout . then on my next workout , it show the time and distance , etc. . . during the workout , but fail to record any of it to history , so the datum could not be view later . I do not find the feature describe in the manual to be useful and try to just use the basic feature of record workout seem to be hit or miss base on random problem . in try to email customer support , I continually receive notice that the system be not work and to try back later . I guess I 'll try call for support . I would not recommend this device .
615	GPS	NEG	1	I buy this because Amazon recommend this carry case with a Magellan GPS on the bottom of the Magellan 2045 web page . I buy it think it would save I some time go to a store . when I put my new Magellan 2045 GPS in the carry case it be a struggle . upon take it out the Magellan have a nice scratch across the top . if a carry case be suppose to protect the gp this fail completely . I would not recommend this case unless you put a smaller gp unit in it . front and back have enough room but the side be extremely tight . for something like this go to one of those kiosk in the mall to ensure a good fit . to I the title be mislead so now you know my opinion . I can not state anything about the durability since I just get it today .
556	GPS	NEG	1	I receive the GPS , I like it . however , after a little over a month , I be have problem with the unit , sometimes it just will not talk , force I to look at the Nuvi screen constantly so I will not miss my exit , not good if the traffic be heavy . I purchase and download the Traffic Camera software and if the unit do not feel like talk or announce , this software be useless , because I will never know that there be a camera up ahead . also , the Bluetooth do not work well either , I have to pair my device almost EVERY time I start the car , and sometimes I have to restart the Nuvi two or even three time for it to connect to my phone . I have a older Nuvi , a 680 , I connect it today , and the Bluetooth of that gp still remember my iPhone ! all in all , when the device work as be suppose , be very nice , but with all these annoyance , I be think to go back to my old Nuvi ; unfortunately the old Nuvi be not compatible with the Camera Alert Software . maybe I should get a different brand of GPS .
885	GPS	POS	4	there be two type of trip on which a gp be useful . one be find a address you do not know in you own city : be this case it be best for the last mile , deliver you right to the address you need . the chance be that around you own home or office you 'll have a favorite route which be different to what the Garmin choose , so you just have to ignore it and let it recalculate , which it happily do . the second type of trip be a drive vacation . here this machine be at its best and worst . what be good : it will take you from wherever you be to you destination address in the next town or city on you itinerary , however many mile away . it will do so with speak word , include the name of street you be about to turn into . it will also take you to major attraction without you necessarily know they address . en route , you have a choice of view . I find that in town , where there be lot of turn , you want the classic 3d view , where the car -lrb- or arrow , you can change the symbol -rrb- be in the foreground and the street come towards you . cleverly , if you be sit on a wide view , the machine will cut to a close-up view automatically as a turn approach . on the open road , however , the 3d view be pretty meaningless and you want to switch to the North up view and touch the minus -lrb- - -rrb- sign a few time . with the North up view it be like look at a traditional map : if you be drive south-east , for example , the arrow or car symbol will be point to the bottom right . by zoom out , you give yourself perspective : you can see town and attraction situate a few mile in any direction . what be bad : it take a endless amount of touch to change the view from 3d to North up and back : definitely not safe unless you stop the car . also , and this be serious , for smaller town , either they do not bother gather local information about one-way street and other restriction , or the information they have be out of date . case in point , Natchez , Mississippi , a town where all major street be one way , alternately go in one direction or the other . the Garmin try , try and try again to send we down one way street in the wrong direction . when we -lrb- fortunately -rrb- notice and ignore it , it then recalculate to take we round the block and back on to the same one way street in the wrong direction . eventually we give up on it and find we own way out of town , thus negate the whole point of have a gp . there be other , less serious niggle : for example , if you just want to visit the downtown of a city , there seem no way to tell it that other than make up a fictional address : we find that most town have a 100 Jefferson St or Washington St. anyway , once you get use to it , the device be fun and most of the time useful . it be very small size mean you can not only easily travel with it , you can also remove it and take it in you pocket when you park you car . if you hate trail wire , the Garmin have several hour of battery life and can be recharge with any mini-usb charger , probably the same as you cellphone use . all in all I be glad to have it on vacation , but they really need to sort out the local information problem and build in the ability to create shortcut to favorite view .
356	GPS	NEG	2	we use this on trip to Italy and Iceland and find it be unreliable enough that we use paper map and avoid this when we could . we have a earlier Nuvi -lrb- 255 -rrb- that we like , so it be not the overall brand . there be two type of problem : - it reset itself without we do anything . my guess be that when there be momentary blip in voltage , it sens the charger be unplugged and replugged , it reset itself and usually take a couple of minute to go through the Garmin screen to be useful again . the cigarette lighter charger connection be flaky enough that a device need to be tolerant of such change . -lrb- this happen in 2 rental car , so it be not a bad cigarette lighter . -rrb- the same thing happen when the usb connection in the back of the GPS be bump . on a highway the reset might not be a big deal - but when you actually need it in navigate italian city , have it stop work be a major problem . worse be when sometimes it would show a startup screen -lrb- show a icon of it connect to a computer -rrb- and it would not restart itself - usually hold the power button down would get it to stop so we could restart it , but several time it just hang . - in italian town and city , it would tell we to turn the wrong way on 1-way street -lrb- happen twice in Cremona -rrb- . more subtly -lrb- this I can understand , but it be a notable concern -rrb- , it could not differentiate between medieval street and major boulevard : it would have direction zigzag through the narrow street that be charming when you be on foot , but really should not be navigate by anything larger that a Fiat 500 or Smart car - and subsequently we would find that we would start a block from a main road that a human would have direct we to . again , a paper map be preferable .
389	GPS	POS	5	great watch . keep accurate heart rate , speed , distance , and easily get satellite signal . a great watch . I hook it up with my mac to look at my workout history . its be great ! use it for run and road bike .
974	GPS	NEG	1	I purchase Motonav tn765t on November 14 . another review be need for the delivery service particularly for the falsely `` claim attempt delivery '' by the USPS . the Motonav tn765t set up and operation be easy and intutive and easy , but this unit take too long to search for the GPS satellite . my Motonav tn765t come preload with map that be more than one year old . as direct in the product manual I go to Motorola website , -lrb- ... -rrb- and -lrb- ... -rrb- , as direct in the product manual , page 22 , for product registration and map update , respectively ; but I do not find any weblink neither for product registration nor for map update . I find product registration section somewhere else at Motorola website for all consumer product , except the Motonav line , and speak with a customer service agent at Motorola who do not have a answer , but finally give I a phone number to call back during office hour during the week . in summary my conclusion be that Motonav tn765t and the motonav line have either be discontinue or this model be no longer be support . give that Motorola sell the Motonav tn765t with more than one year old map , and there be no apparent product support , this turn out be a bad purchase . give my experience I will not recommend the Motonav tn765t and any of the navigation product in this line .
326	GPS	POS	5	this unit preform flawlessly and with the free lifetime map the unit pay for itself in two year . I love it and recommend it to all .
338	GPS	POS	5	I use my gp mainly for Geocaching . my original -lrb- Etrex Vista -rrb- be a fine gp , but I want the external antenna , the extended battery life , and the bigger , color screen . I have not be disappoint . this gp be more accurate than my Vista ; the Geocaching mode help keep track of my find . the accuracy be several foot better , too . all in all , if you be look for a gp with more bell and whistle than you 'll ever need , but like the high end of gadgetry , this be it . it may be a bit more expensive than the other model , but to I , it be worth it .
365	GPS	POS	5	this gp be awesome . the only problem I have be that , at least in England , I can not get it to tell I what the speed limit be . it will beep if I be speeding , but it will not show what the limit be . also , sometimes it tell I to go place and guide to the end of a road . probably happen with all gp ' , and I notice with regular update , some of those problem go away .
611	GPS	NEG	2	I have own this for a few month . the first few time it work fine , good capture etc. . then after a few week , the on\/off system fail like many other reviewer have state . I like the compact size , however the build quality be a little weak for constant outdoor use . the main problem be the on\/off switch , it simply be not dependable . also do anyone know be I can download the firmware ? any hint on the reset switch ? it also do not seem to work well .
224	GPS	NEG	1	read the fine print on the lifetime update . the update be not lifetime at all . they only work if you have enough memory to allow update . since memory of this item be limit to begin with , the company can shut you off anytime they care too by make the update map program a bit to large for you machine . what a scam !
392	GPS	NEG	1	it be strong and have lot of grip . but too heavy . it be not comfortable ... can not fit in carry-in baggage ... do not waste money . I be not use this any more ... go back to original stand provide by Magellan .
921	GPS	POS	5	can you believe I buy this from amazon for $ 154 ? and free shipping ! this thing be awesome - the menu be very intuitive . we charge it up and it be ready to go . the feature be really cool , you can choose a category , like restaurant , shopping , lodging , and the nuvus will pull up a list of nearby option . turn by turn voice guide direction . ca not wait to take a trip ! way to go AMAZON , excellent deal !!
