index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
32	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	do not waste you money on this card ... my old 6600GT Card start to fail so I purchase this . it do not play call of duty game very well . . only at 20 fp . horrible . I end up get a use 7600gt for the same price and it be awesome . 150fp + my old 6600gt be over 100fp and would be another better option and much much better card than this one . gt model number make a big difference !
851	GraphicsCard	POS	4	I order two of these card to run in SLI . first issue I be not aware of be that Intel X79 chipset be not currently support by Nvidia to run at pcie gen3 speed . OEM distribute driver allegedly allow pcie gen3 speed but official Nvidia driver do not . I believe this will be fix rather soon and be a mute point for the most part . next , the current Asus GPU tweak software -lrb- as of 3june -rrb- appear to be cause many user issue to include a red screen of death -lrb- rsod -rrb- . I experience these issue and they be resolve immediately by uninstall the Asus software . the bigger issue be that overclocked 670 's in general at this point be like play the lotto . I order two and one run great while the other could not complete any benchmark at factory speed without crash and will be return . before figure this out , I read many forum with user report the same situation . underclock the card will make it stable , but I pay for a card that be guarantee to work at a certain overclock . the good stuff ; the card that run , run great ! at factory fan speed and under full load for half a hour -lrb- prime95 & furmark -rrb- I see temperature around 66c . with a 4.7 ghz Intel i7 , I get 9500 mark in 3dmark11 . I have many newer game if anyone want specific bench for certain game . I have not experiment with overclock with either card as most review indicate the card be pretty much max out as be . I be switch from a ATI 7950 -lrb- Gigabyte Windforce -rrb- . the 7950 at a max overclock be slightly faster than the 670 gtx in my experience . however , amd\/ati suffer from many driver issue and game do not typically scale as well in Crossfire as they do in SLI . of note though , the AMD card do appear to render higher quality graphic at default setting . I would not recommend switching from a AMD 7000 series card to a Nvidia 600 series card but anything else will certainly be a huge step up . one star deduct as the qa of the card be not great at this point .
434	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	pro : - inexpensive htpc card . - have win7 driver -lrb- though might be rough install -rrb- . - have a HDMI Port . - claim to be support . - come in a small box . con : go from Aero Windows experience index of 4.1 to that of 3.7 when swap in this card . the previous card be a 3 + year old atus x1300 . how be that possible ? driver install require patience , and a few crash . suggest buy NVidia . other thought : bought hd4350card to replace a still good htpc graphic card that ATI no longer support under Windows 7 : be run a Dell P-Duo as a htpc for more than a few year , just fine , with a ATI x1300 graphic card . upgrade to Windows 7 for 7MC , and start have video source switching issue , fix require a new Video card . ATI decide stop support a old product , fine . but the new product benchmark -lrb- artifical or not -rrb- worse ? three year later ?!? ridiculous . ati\/amd have alienate yet another customer .
425	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	EVGA GeForce 6200 512 mb ddr2 pcus 2.1 VGA\/DVI-I\/S-Video Graphics Card , 512-p1-n402-lr , order the agp version of this card and be send the pcus version . oops , Amazon pull a fast one on I inadvertently or otherwise ! I decide to pass on go through any return drama and install the card hope the increase memory would be helpful . previously have install ATI 128Mb\/128 bit card on a 8 year old xp box and it work flawlessly . just the lack of memory inhibit streaming via Netflix , so think upgrade to a card with 512 mb memory would help and it do . KINDA ! this card be 64bit which seem stupid with the 512 mb memory , go figure . when streaming video say from NetFlix , HULU the sound have a lot of static , yes static and be un-listenable . not good ! I believe the APG -lrb- advance computer graphic -rrb- be the best for it be time but man , this pcus -lrb- not PCI Express -rrb- card suck . ca not recommend this card , it be buggy !
852	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I know it be not RTM yet , but if you be look to use this on Windows 8 , I would wait . I try the supply driver as well as a newer driver on they website and both just set my machine into a bluescreen reboot loop . I set up a support ticket with they , I will update with the result , but base on my google search , the same thing happen when Windows 7 come out and they just blow it off until they be ready to release a driver . I do not want to give 2 star as I think the item be probably good for support configuration , but I also can not give it a high rating since it be provide I no value . I wish I could have just leave the rating blank and just give feedback . \* Update after a week or so of usage . \* so , I format my laptop and go back to Windows 7 to try this in a support environment . there be some pretty big issue when go back and forth between sleep mode\/docked and undock that all go away if I uninstall the driver for this , but cause a bunch small issue when this be in install . it often leave I at a black screen and I have to open and reclose the laptop to get video , or if the card isnt plug in when I dock , it seem to try to capture one of the other monitor on the dock -lrb- there be 2 -rrb- and cause artifact , need a undock and redock . I ask StarTech the process to get a refund as it be just too much to deal with on a computer I actually use for work and they tell I to reach out to Amazon -lrb- fail -rrb- . I be not go to go through all of the drama of fight for a refund over such a trivial amount , but I definitely wont be recommend this to anyone , which be unfortunate as the other developer -lrb- I write software -rrb- where I work be very interested in pick one up if it work .
200	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this be where I could find this peice of equipment at a low price to help update my old computer . once install , I be able to notice a significant performance improvement in the pandora site and the netflix site . it also increase the speed on the youtube site . installation be very simple .
902	GraphicsCard	POS	5	very good card for the price , get mine for 159 be on sale so couldnt pass up . like i post above this do not come with free dirt . Didnt really care for the game so didnt make a difference to I . some thing that be not list on here , newegg , or the sappire website be : core clock-900mhz Stream Processors-1120 Stream Processing Units Effective memory clock-1050mhz everything else standard with the hd 6870 . currently have mine overclocked to 925 . when in use get 50-60c -lrb- with no add cooling unless you add some water block which of course will lower the temp -rrb- . havent really test how far the card can go , but with the game that i do play on a constant basis : Counter strike source : 60 fp max everything dota 2 : 60 fp max everything build : cpu : fx 6 series mobo : gigabyte ud3 ram : 4 gb corsair 1333 psu : corsair tx 750
953	GraphicsCard	POS	5	Excelente eleccion . La tarjeta trabaja al 100 % y lo que mas I gusto e que es agp . La marca es reconocida y se puede comprar sin ningun temor . El precio I parecio muy bueno y el envio rapido .
767	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	try this card out in my new HP desktop and the power cord be not compatible . it have the old style pinnage on it , so I go to Radio shack to see what I could find ... nada . the instruction do not even mention the need to connect power . too bad for gamer on a budget .
749	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	the video card I be attempt to replace be a PNY Geforce gt 240 512 mb . the EVGA GeForce gt 520 1 gb have nowhere near the fp of my old card when play SWTOR . bottom line : EVGA GeForce gt 520 1 gb = 16 frame per second pny geforce gt 240 512 mb = 65 frame per second no visual improvement .
100	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this card be enormous , before this I be rock a lowly Nvidia Geforce gt 220 . the 6870 blow it out of the water . I use it to mostly play MMO 's like world of Warcraft and Star Wars : The Old Republic . I do , however use it for more demand game such as Elder Scrolls iv : Skyrim . in Skyrim I run it on ultra detail with little to no issue FPS wise . I do not know the exact fp but I can say the it definitely run better than the ps3 version with this card . my rig : AMD FX 4100 4-Core Processor AMD Radeon HD 6870 8gb ram asrock 970 extreme3 amd 970 & SB950 ATX ddr3 800 AMD - am3 + motherboard
550	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I read many review before I pick the Visiontek ATI Radeon HD 4350 graphic card . my old HP media center 7167 have graphic chip on the motherboard and it be not up to widescreen or anything else . I buy a new 27 inch monitor and I need a basic upgrade to make use of all that new screen real estate . the card be easy to install it be quickly pick up by the old xp media center and I be off and run . I work heavily with photograph and standard screen video editing . this card work great for that , I do not game on my computer so I do not know how well it work for that , the review say moderate gaming be ok . so far great .
127	GraphicsCard	POS	5	for the price , I be very happy with this video card . Video card seem to be a item that I often neglect because I can see the display just fine , but when you start have 50 + window open and you have multiple display , all of a sudden , a robust video card become far more important . this card be nice , please to look at -lrb- yes , I know it be in a case -rrb- and work very well . score a easy 7.9 on WEI and absolutely crushed my ATI 5750 -lrb- which work fine -rrb- with perfmark .
717	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	keep in mind I grab the driver directly from the site so it have the latest version . now from the very begin this thing cause my computer to crash and restart . the first time I notice this be less than a hour after install when I lock my computer to go take my break from work , come back and my co-worker say to box restart . so I log back in and within about 10 minute it happen again . so I disable the third monitor , restart again . Unplugged the usb device and it still restart . only after uninstall the driver do my computer stop restart . they say it work with Windows 7 , well yeah but it fail horribly .
264	GraphicsCard	POS	5	EVGA GeForce 6200 LE 512 mb ddr2 agp 8x VGA Graphics Card - Perfect video card to breath a breath of fresh new life into a aging 11 year old socket a system . ship be a bit slow and the box be ship in a gray bag that arrive crushed . however , despite my concern , the card work perfectly , but should have be pack inside of a cardboard shipping box .
551	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I find that it take a special sequence of event to get it to work with all device . I need to plug the unit into my usb port as the last move . and that mean that I have to plub the db connector in to the VGA adapter as the last move , and then only after my laptop be finish load everything during the poweron sequence . after I get the sequence right , everything work fine for Powerpoint two display .
676	GraphicsCard	POS	4	the usb additional monitor device work good with excellent picture quality . do not expect high performance graphic to be the best . for general computing it be good . important note : this device be power from the usb connection . that mean without a external power source , if you usb port be not up to full power or you be use a pcmcium card , the device will not operate properly .
916	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I be extremely disappoint with this card . I have be in I.T. for 18 year and no user problem , network upgrade , or workstation roll out frustrate or anger I more than try to get those dumb atus driver to load correctly . it be just freakin ridiculous to spend hour try to get a ATI video card set up when with nVidia you could be up and run in about 5 min . it just remind I of why I walk away from ATI video card year ago . but nVidia be also not without fault since they turn they back on all of the agp user who basically make they rich ... I would like for ATI to come up with some type of unify driver for they card so people dont have to go through such a crock of b to get they graphic card work but that would make sense so ATI probably will not do it . I must have install and remove every alleged hotfix from the 8.1 on the CD to the 9.8 on Sapphire 's and ATI 's website for this thing and nothing but my pc freezing when load a game or surf the web . I can not even put my old BFG 6800 gt oc back in because I take it out and give it to a friend when I see the Amazon box sit outside my room . so now I have to dig out this old BFG fx5200 just to have a work pc ... if I could have find a better agp card by nVidia I probably would not be write this review but I wait a bit too long for price to come down . I just hope I make the right decision in request a replacement instead of a refund . win xp pro p4 3.2 GHz 2gb pc3200 RAM A-Power 680w PSU follow up 4 day later ... . I actually would have give it zero star but I have to rate it with at least one but it do not deserve that high of a rating . if you want a agp card that actually work the first time you load the driver , stick with nvidium . ATI be garbage , period . 3 of these POS Sapphire Radeon 3850 , 3 failure that do not work no matter what version of they sorry driver I use . I get some `` Thread Stuck in Device driver '' error , which usually indicate a bad driver , which be almost guarantee with atus , or a bad card ... someone need to pull the plug on ATI for produce such garbage ... I walk away from ATI graphic card 10 year ago , for the same reason I have return 3 of these . I do not know what I be think to have even give ATI another chance . do anyone at ATI or Sapphire know what Quality Assurance be ?
381	GraphicsCard	POS	4	I get this card after have a Nvidia Geforce 9800 gt for a couple of year and I notice a big improvement in gaming performance and Photoshop render right away . if you need a 1gb + gpu this be definitely the one to get at this point . pro + can not beat the price when compare to the overpriced po that be Nvidia . + Skyrim now play flawlessly on high setting with hd texture mod from nexus -lrb- set texture to 8x normal -rrb- + skyboost enable with only 4gb of ram -lrb- sometimes less . -rrb- + direct x11 if you be still use a dx10 card . + cooling be not a issue . even with my card overclocked and Skyrim max out it stay well below the maximum deg . c + the sleek design be nice to look at if you have a transparent\/lucid housing for you hardware . + Card get here sooner than expect when I buy it from Amazon w free shipping . con - overclocking this card almost be not worth it because for the increase power output and fan noise require it do not give you back much in return . - if you only have one like I do and you be not use the Crossfire technology to Daisy Chain multiple card , you will always feel like you be miss out on something . all in all it be a definite buy . if you can afford to pay out the wazoo for a better card -lrb- be it Nvidia or AMD -rrb- you should do so -lrb- or just get 3 of these and crossfire they . -rrb- but if you be on a budget and this be around you limit you could do allot worse . I hope this be helpful to you . the most important thing to know about this GPU be that it require a adequate power supply . I have a Corsair 850w but most user say all you need be a 600w power supply . in any case you will want to make sure you power supply have 2 6-pin connector to attach to this card . the card come with additional cord in the box . to adapt in case you PS do not have the 2 6-pin connector .
987	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I be not satisfied because this product be not able to work for what I ask and what it be say it could do .
616	GraphicsCard	POS	5	First off , this be not `` the best '' card out there , however this single card can still run many of today 's modern game on high\/ultra\/max . a few exception would be game like battlefield 3 , Crysis , Starcraft II , cutting-edge game that be push the limit of today 's technology . I intend to Crossfire another one of these card within the near future which will push I over what would be require to run the previously mention game max out . -lrb- to put it in perspective it will bottleneck my CPU at stock speed . -rrb- this card run ASUS 's DirectCUII , while it be not the best look card on the market , twice the fan mean up to 20 % cooler , and significantly quieter . I can crank my card up to 55 % -lrb- use ASUS GPUTweak software -rrb- before i be able to hear they . with they default manual setting , the card constantly run at around 20 % -lrb- though I have not do any at-load gaming which would up the fan speed -rrb- , and be unidentifiable from the symphony of case fan -lrb- my case , the Antec df-85 come stock with 7 fan , with a optional 8 ` th on the left-side cutout , which I have install -rrb- Whenever possible , I opt for asus . they product be build to a higher standard , and I have only have one product partially fail on I , a ASUS monitor ship with doa integrate speaker -rrb- and this card be no exception . thus far , I have nothing bad to say about this card !
825	GraphicsCard	POS	5	note : \* need 250 watt minimum power supply -lrb- mine be 300 watt , which be recommend on the box and work comfortably -rrb- \* if you do not have a case screw for the expansion slot , get one -lrb- if you be still use VGA , the case screw be a must-have unless you want to risk damage the card while press a VGA end into the slot -rrb- \* if you be still use ddr1 RAM and\/or do not have a newer processor , you performance will be bottleneck -lrb- limited -rrb- by that , not this card ; this graphic card be mid-lower range , but should still do decent with more modern game , if you have the processor\/ram format to handle they \* if the fan do not spin on you card , do not try to use it , and have it return and\/or fit with a replacement card fan asap ; the card will overheat in less than 40 minute regardless of whether or not you be play a game unless it have a work fan \* make sure you have enough fan to dissipate the heat from both you processor and this card \* have at least 2 gb RAM -lrb- ideally 4 gb or more -rrb- if you intend to use this for gaming -- no hassle from the card installation ; I open up my case , pull out the expansion cover , stick this into the PCI Express slot , plug in the monitor , and away I go . I do not play modern game -lrb- to get my money 's worth from my PS3 -rrb- , but the Sims 3 , command and conquer 3 Tiberium war , leave 4 dead 1 , and Red Alert 3 -lrb- which be relatively recent and have lot of silly particle effect -rrb- all play good to flawless with this card , on relatively high setting . most game should do fine -lrb- almost all game make before Windows 7 should run pretty fast -rrb- . needless to say , if you be run a game that still list x-series atus card , this card will blaze through it . native resolution be true hd , which be nice . it also support dual-monitor display , and if you tv be HDMI , it should work just as well . l4d be a bit choppy -lrb- about 21 fp -rrb- , but that have more to do with my ddr1 RAM and AMD Athelon 2.4 GHz x2 processor -lrb- which be minimum spec for l4d -rrb- than anything . I be sure that this card can handle l4d2 or portal 2 just fine , if you have a decent processor . all in all , a great card -lrb- on black Friday , it be only $ 39 , which be a great price for what it be worth , and save I $ 400 + for a newer computer 's update integrate graphic -rrb- .
692	GraphicsCard	POS	5	card be perform excellent at this time . graphic be great to look at . should give a year or two of life to this older rig . Make sure you have a power supply greater than 450 Watts if you do decide to get this card .
940	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I have nothing but problem with this card . it start with bsod 's while web browsing . it appear to have be a AMD driver issue which be fix by use 3rd party uninstaller -lrb- AMD 's uninstaller do not work well -rrb- and reinstall CCC . then I start experience random system freeze while gaming that require a reboot . for I , this happen only in Skyrim and Shogun 2 . apparently Tera and other game also have problem . the whole hd 7xxx line appear to have issue with shogun 2 which Creative assembly be try to fix -lrb- check they support forum -rrb- . in the midst of all of the system freeze , I start get raid corruption and reinstall Windows 7 . the freezing problem persist even after a fresh install . Sapphire recommend a 3rd rma . AMD tell I that they be aware of the problem with the hd 7xxx line and shogun 2 and Skyrim . they say that because the driver be new the card be bind to have compatibility problem , and that I should be patient and wait for the next driver release . these problem may occur only with certain build . or it might be the case that they produce a lot of defective card . whatever the case , I be back to my old card which be work flawlessly and I will be buy a different brand next time . I will say this , if you can get the card to work . it be great . Witcher 2 , bf3 , and Crysis 2 look amazing with this card -lrb- there be some flicker issue -rrb- . however , because of the problem I have , I can not recommend it to anyone . the 2 star be because of how well it run some of my game , but the problem I be have be just unacceptable . note : I be rating the product , but I give Amazon 5 star for they amazing customer support . I request a rma at 7pm and receive my new card the next day without any hassle . I will be buy all of my computer component from Amazon from now on and will be recommend that all of my friend do the same . they be second to none . the card be one of the worst experience I have have with a product . Amazon customer support be one of the best customer support experience I have have . as of 5\/11\/12 , I would also like to add that with the advent of Nvidias GTX 670 , you can expect the price of this -lrb- $ 360 -rrb- and all ATI card to drop pretty soon as the gtx 670 undercut ATI 's card in a performance per price scale .
324	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	the monitor connect to the usb device be set on a low resolution and be still choppy . the choppiness be too much , I end up not use this adapter at all .
468	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I choose to buy this one because of the 2bio setting and it can easily unlock the shader into 6970 . but it look like the new version -lrb- from first week of 2012 , the time i bring it -rrb- can not , no matter i flash it myself or use the magic switch on the card . CAN NOT UNLOCK the shader . I get the replacement , same issue happend there . if you want to buy one with the really unlock shader , find a use one maybe a good choice . I look some of the review on the Newegg , same issue happend . the new sapphire dirt 3 edition can not unlock shader anymore .
390	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	Video card work out of the box . try to breathe life into a old machine i have . work good for about two hour , then thing start get strange . computer be freezing up , and then would start work again . color on the screen start shift . grab my handy handheld IR thermometer and point it at the head sink and find the heat sink be almost 200 degree F. this card may be a great card , but if you need this exact card , i would suggest look into some after market cooling because this card get hot quick .
412	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	sound nice in the spec , do not it ? Kind of get you all tingly feeling think about how you can play the new game at the highest setting and all ? well the first card I have start fail in about three day of use . evga 's warranty be pretty nice , so I get a replacement send to I . that one work fine . for about three day . suffer all kind of failure , and at several point I think Vista have get corrupt . not sure if it be the driver , the board itself , or both . evga pretty much want I to replace everything else in my system , blame power , blame the processor , blame whatever ... quite simply , I would put my gtx 295 back in , reload the last driver set that work fine with this card , and everything be golden again . read as much about this card as you can before make this purchase . even on evga 's own forum people be grumble about the internal voltage in the card . evidently a tenth of a volt can make or break this turkey . seriously folk , people buy this sort of thing to have fun with play the latest game . do EVGA seriously think we want to play the game of `` troubleshoot a flaky card by swap out you entire system in the hope that the card itself be good , but need a exacting enviroment to operate properly '' ? sorry no , not I . that be just not fun for I . if it be to you , well go for it then . fortunately Amazon be great about take this turkey , er card , back off of my hand , otherwise I would have wind up with a $ 750 paperweight . sooner or later evga would have just stop send I replacement , and then where would I have be ? nice try , but FAIL , in my humble opinion . guess i 'll stick with my gtx295 a while longer . and when I do buy another video card , I be certainly go to buy it through Amazon so I have they at my back if this sort of thing happen again .
862	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* edit 2 : after only a couple week the card start lag very badly when run game . I have contact the manufacture for support by email -lrb- because they have no phone number -rrb- and they have be useless . they send I one scentence reply with no information as to what I should do . how do I diagnose the problem ? be the temp too hot ? what be the normal temp ? be there setting I can adjust on my computer ? should I return the card ? can I get some support ? do not get this card , as the support be horrible . I feel like I be talk to a teenager in he mom 's basement get answer like . `` Woah , that do sound strange . can u test the card a another comp ? '' seriously ?? edit 1 : my problem be finally solve by Amazon , and I receive a 30 % credit on this item because of they mistake . now as far as the real review go , this card itself be SICK . I be play all of my game on this card , at MAXIMUM setting and ultra setting on everything . this card handle anything my game throw at it , and keep beg for more . there be nothing I can do to slow this card down . for the price , you can not ask for anthe more . --------------- warning : I buy this video card because it be advertise to come with the free dirt 3 video game . so I think this would be a better deal over another video card . however , the card no LONGER include the video game . even though the website , and image still state that it do . I contact Amazon and they tell I to contact the manufacture . I contact the manufacture and they tell I that they no longer provide the game , and will not be able to honor the deal . I then contact Amazon back , because it be THIER webiste that the deal be display on . Amazon tell I that they do not create the product detail those be submit by the manufacture directly , and if there be something wrong , that they will look into it , but they do not control the content . -lrb- which I do not think they can legally stand behind . I think they be legally reponsible for what be on they website no matter who put it there -rrb- . so now , I buy this card under the impression that I would be get the free game , which both Amazon and the manufacture be both refuse to honor at this point . the guy from Amazon tell I he be send the matter to a `` specialist '' for review and would get back to I asap . they be also go to work on correct the website error . -lrb- so by the time you be read this , the webiste might be correct -rrb- . I have not install the card yet , but as for now , I be give it a 1 star because the card be not ship as advertise , and also the support be not very nice from the manufacture . also , be aware if you live in the United States , they do not have a support telephone number for you to call , you can only contact they via email . which might make thing hard , if you ever need `` real '' support on a technical issue . if Amazon or the manufacture decide to honor the deal later , I will update my raiting , but until then , this product do not arrive as advertise . SO be aware if you buy this you will not get the dirt3 video game .
105	GraphicsCard	POS	4	my previous video card be a GeForce 8800 gt Alpha Dog Edition . xfx make good on the warranty previously so this be my second 8800 card . when it quit I need a quick replacement and be hopefull the gt 520 would live up to the expectation . I be wrong but could not financially afford a higher quality card at the time . I be still use the gt 520 but will replace it once I can afford . this be no fault of the retailer and I would recommend purchase from they , most definitely !!!!
522	GraphicsCard	POS	5	the Sapphire Radeon HD Radeon 7870 OC be the perfect overall match . a Sapphire low power consumption , a modest oc , gaming max at 1920x1080 or lower , newest series and a amazing price . I have two small con , when run high end gaming the fan be medium noise level . note I be complain about medium fan noise not high . I run my NZXT full tower at low fan speed . when a high end game start run you can hear a boost in the GPU 's noise level . I have hear of game issue 's with the new 7000 series , but I have not run into any and from what I have hear they should all be patch in time . I would not be surprise if this GPU could run game on high at 2560x1600 and would definitely easily do it with crossfire . a lot of tech seem to underrate the performance of card . my Radeon 6770 run a native 1680x1050 , but it be able to handle 1920X1080 at high setting and catalyst overscan to make the display fit the screen , it could even run Ultra , but performance would take a small hit and I be sure it would have overheate with extend play if I have do so . my last complaint be catalyst do not have a power consumption section which be strange because my Radeon 6770 do . the real seller be the price 300 with oc . Main competition be gtx 570 superclock at 280 . twenty buck less , but big power consumption difference , probably longer , older model , worse performance . Radeon 7870 OC be better and ultimately cheaper . when add the cost of a higher cost psu and higher power bill you easily get you money back . very satisfied and will crossfire when the price drop even more .
340	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	order this to replace a flaky no-name brand 256m 6200 . however , no matter what I try -lrb- and I spend several evening on this -rrb- I could not get this 512m evga card to work in a fic p4-486pe pro run xp - there be driver `` resource conflict '' and the card be leave stick in VGA mode . the resource conflict be in the memory map ; for some reason the video card 's 512m memory be always allocate in \* addition \* to the agp driver 's memory , and there just be not enough available memory for that in xp -lrb- and I have 3g of RAM ; it be more a issue of where the memory be allow to be allocate to device driver -rrb- . for my previous -lrb- and subsequent -rrb- 256m 6200 the card 's memory be allocate \* within \* the agp driver 's memory space and there be no conflict . this memory be separate from the `` agp aperture '' memory , by the way . I have the -lrb- one and only -rrb- bio for the FIC p4-486pe pro motherboard , the most recent Intel chipset driver and I try with various Nvidia driver - some older one , the one from the CD and the most recent 270.61 version . I also let the bio re-pick the resource and off course I perform all operation from safe mode with full driver uninstall and cleanup etc. prior to each attempt . I even try with a Ubuntu Linux setup and although I do get to a non-vga desktop it lock up right after that . so I can not tell if this be a issue with my bio or with the card - but for sure they do not play together and it just do not work . when I replace it with a new Gigabyte 256M 6200 everything work just fine . PS when you see a resource conflict with the `` vgasafe '' driver , whatever you do , \*\*\* do not \*\*\* disable that driver as that be the default VGA mode you get before you driver be install .
620	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	it would have be nice to know . it say nothing about not work , but it do nothing on Mac OS Lion , and I have not have a chance to test out any other system as yet . Wish I have know that before !
479	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I buy this card a few month ago to replace my very-much aging Radeon 4890 . this be my first nVidia card since my GeForce 5700 Ultra , and I do not regret it . it provide most of what the gtx 680 offer , but at a savings of a few hundred dollar -lrb- at the time I purchase -rrb- . this edition come overclock from the factory and come with 4 gb of VRAM , make this gap even smaller performance-wise . the large amount of VRAM also help future-proof the card , as I intend to keep this card for a few year at least . so far it be easily handle anything I have throw at it , and I have no complaint . it be possible to max out the anti-aliasing and throw a few additional monitor on you computer to see some impact in performance , of course , but for a single video card setup I think it scale very well . I can not speak to the slus performance . I have no reason to believe it do not work well . I use this card in Windows 8 . no issue as of yet . the latest driver -lrb- and beta driver -rrb- support 8 fully . let I know if anyone have any question and I would be glad to answer if I can . some spec : Intel Core i7 IB 3770K -lrb- run at stock 3.5-3 .9 ghz -rrb- 8 gb ddr3 RAM 120 GB SSD , 128 gb ssd , 1 gb hdd , 2 gb hdd Windows 8 pro n
559	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I decide to make slight upgrade to my 5-year-old gaming computer . the first item be a better graphic card that support DiretX 11 . this card be crap for gaming , unless you be play a 5-6 year old single-player game . I try to play Spec Ops : The Line , after 2 minute I have to stop due to the terrible lag and eye strain . wow turn out to be even worse . I even try play Mount & Blade ... mediocre at best . save you gift card and just buy more RAM IMO .
788	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I have no issue unlock to the 6970 bio . this card have a switch to select which bio you want to use . you do not need to flash the bio on the card . you do need to completely remove all amd\/ati graphic driver before move the switch to 6970 , then re-install the driver clean . card run cool 99f to 104f idle , to 152f under severe load and overclock . I be use Sapphire TriXX to OC to 880 and 1375 -lrb- stable and cool -rrb- and it moderately raise the temperature and fan speed . I easily push it to 900\/1400 -lrb- stable but higher temp -rrb- with a voltage increase . I be extremely happy with this purchase .
142	GraphicsCard	POS	4	need this card to give I hdmi out on a pcus port -lrb- not pci-e -rrb- for a low power atom mini-itx motherboard to run xbmc . initially I have xbmc live -lrb- linux version -rrb- which be work ok with onboard video , but could not get this card to work with linux . it appear it be not support with linux . I then run the pc up with window 7 and install xbmc ontop of it . Works like a treat , under window . I get sound and video over the hdmus connection . have not try with a hd blu-ray rip yet , but so far very happy .
68	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	card do not support the resolution of 1920 x 1080 . it be also a problem with the screen refresh , it work up to 75 hz
993	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this product could not be install without the 6-prong power adapter-not included\/not sell at Radio Shack or best buy \/ no way to use the product without have it professionally install because no one else sell the cable . a waste of my time and my money .
354	GraphicsCard	POS	4	Works well with xp . not the best with window 7 but do work . will run aero on window 7 . hd video skip on win 7 . hd video run smooth on xp . small driver issue with with window 7 depend on you monitor . if you try to squeeze performance out of a old system with a pcus input and stock power supply this be a cheap way to get by .
130	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I just upgrade my `` OLD `` video card from a Geforce 250gt to this `` NEW '' & it be like night and day . it be awesome i mean its Awesome . I 'll be upgrade the cpu & mb later in the year `` i7\/z77 '' but for now use a e6600 dual core cpu & its huge upgrade just with this card . Overclock be easy & good 20 % -30 % boost if you want to OC & temp stay `` cool '' , speaking of temp at idle i get 33c & 56c load . I would highly recommend this to anyone with a 240-260 $ budget even with a older dual core cpu . .
603	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	this card rank really low but its cheap . save you money and buy a better one . benchmark it 3 time and rank low low low .
713	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	the video card install without any problem . I update driver to 12.4 and all seem great . card run cool and quiet . the problem start when I be use my browser . I would get screen flicker . this be not a issue in game that I could see . if I alt tab out of game to browse the flicker be much worse . I try all kind of fix with no luck . I decide to return the card and go with Asus instead .
653	GraphicsCard	POS	5	purchase this card about 6 month ago to go along with a i5 2500k computer I build to play video game . this card be a great value , play just about any game on maximum possible setting at -rrb- 60 fp at 1920x1080 . the only game I have play that show even a slight performance dip at max setting be battlefield 3 and skyrim , both of which be get about 40 to 45 fp , which be still perfectly acceptable for most people . from what I have read online card work well in crossfire configuration with about a 90 % increase in performance , with spec like that this card will be play the latest game at maximum setting for a very long time . also I purchase my entire computer build from amazon include the computer case , not a thing be miss and everything come in nice packaging . standard shipping take on 2 day , order on a Sunday recieve it on Wednesday . overall great product very pleased with amazon . save I over 1000 dollars.com pare to a prebuild.com puter from dell or hp . with the same spec .
741	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this be a replacement for a card with a bad fan . it work as advertise out of the box , & its quiet . -lrb- no fan -rrb- it arrive ahead of schedule & in perfect condition . Amazon do it again ... thanks .
816	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this card have be give I problem from day 1 . a cold boot would show nothing on the screen but the rest of the computer be work . even keyboard 's num lock key light up which mean it be get through the bio . only way to get it to show anything from a cold boot be to reset the system after it be be run for a few minute . it seem to happen only if I cold boot after the system have be off for more than a hour . system get out of sleep or hibernation be also a problem . nothing show on the screen unless i reboot , mean I lose everything in the memory . when it work it work . fast . cool fan be also very loud . if you must get a agp , I would get the 4670 instead . it be true the 4670 will not get you a significant performance gain but i would think that it will not have any of these boot-up problem . skip this card . call sapphire be also a torture . i never get through . again , skip this p.o.s.
287	GraphicsCard	POS	4	my first issue be probably more with Amazon then the shipper . Amazon have a earliest delivery date of the 7th , and it sit in my mailbox in 100-degree weather since it have be deliver on the 3rd . I be sure the board be fry , but now that it be finally install , it seem to be work fine . installation issue : 1 -rrb- my understanding of low profile be that it should not take much much space . no matter how I reorder my card , I could not fit it in without remove a card . 2 -rrb- while set display preference and test it with various thing , I realize I have no sound . Windows tell I I have no audio device . I google and google and google then google some more . lot of people have post the same problem , but none of they have receive answer . finally I find one where a NVidia guy say that Windows sometimes recognize the card as a audio device , and you have to reboot , go into setup immediately , and change you onboard audio from `` auto '' to `` On . '' if it have not work I be go to jump out a window , which would not have do I any good because I live in a one-story house . but it be now work fine . now off to give it a workout in Everquest II : -rrb-
168	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i buy this on the 3rd of August i have the card for a while it keep crash glitching blue screening crash my game have all sort of weird issue i have never ever see something so unstable in all of my life
302	GraphicsCard	POS	5	wait people this be amazing graphic card for the price ... so hold on and breathe ... breathe ... the game i throw at it just explode with display before you eye ... so anybody who grace there eye on this beauty don ' -lrb- t stick just click . laterz people .
628	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I love the card , it be dead silent and run absolutely everything like a dream . for multi-monitor setup , it might not be enough , but for everything short of that it be a blast .
730	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I read negative review on anything first and foremost before buy anything . I order this and it be day one but it be work fine . my suggestion to people who say it do not work . a cd come with it , install it , follow the instruction and you will be fine . also make sure that you video card be not a cheap po because although it be a usb hook up the driver communicate the information from the UBS port to the Video card . so I get news for you if its not work you card probably do not have enough memory to support it . I have two monitor hook up with different resolution on each one and they be work well . also do not plug into a usb hub and expect it to work . my hub do not work for anything except keyboard and mouse hook up . I suggest this because if you follow the instruction then there should not be a issue .
589	GraphicsCard	POS	4	the reason I give 4 star be because this item be install in a client computer and after initial installation and testing , I will not have access to further inspection or use . this item ship and arrive faster than expect , install with ease , and once I update the driver from the evga website , it work like a charm on at least 2 high end game on the client machine . although there be no fan on this model , it be very easy to attach one to the exist heatsink -lrb- to help with cooling during game-play -rrb- . I recommend this item for people who be look for a good video card at a good price .
319	GraphicsCard	POS	5	recently purchase the Sapphire 3850 to replace my burn up video card for my 2004 custom build tower . this card breathe new life in my old 1g computer and have save I a bundle for the immediate future -lrb- not have to replace my old system -rrb- . simple installation and no hunting on the internet for current driver update be need . this card be considerably longer in length than my previous video card and it be a tight fit in my coolermaster case . in my search , good APG replacement card be become hard to find as all the rage be the PC Express pin style ; however . the Sapphire Radeon 3850 seem to be a excellent alternative and at less than $ 130 it be a great investment . I be very pleased and would highly reccommend this product .
928	GraphicsCard	POS	5	pro : 1 -rrb- support dual display . though this video card be a half-size video card for slim or sff desktop computer -lrb- as show -rrb- , it have dual DVI or VGA output port via a dms-59 adapter for display contents on two seperate monitor . this be a big plus to many people work on slim pc while also require dual display , good for financial institution , banking industry , university etc special area . 2 -rrb- durability . this low profile graphic card be build mainly to be use inside slim\/sff office pc for long and extended work time . 3 -rrb- excellent display quality , even with VGA display . best way to test this be to output VGA signal , since good , well make video card can still display clear picture -lrb- close to DVI -rrb- , while cheap video card have no match on display quality in VGA mode compare to that of DVI . 4 -rrb- quite and low power consumption . this card fan be temperature control , its fan shut off when the card be not high in temperature . the card only consume tdp -lrb- thermal Design Power , max amount of power cooling system be require to dissipate -rrb- 21w power , I believe most of time it use only about half that amount . con : this be not a gaming card , though it have a good GPU more than enough for office work and daily application run , it be for slim pc only , and install within confine space . so it be not a good idea for intensive gaming with this card .
817	GraphicsCard	POS	5	my genealogy hobby have reach the point where I be review hi resolution image of old italian document . information from the document be then enter into large spreadsheet . be able to do this without have to flip between screen be a real time saver . this card have no trouble handle two wide monitor , and be not strain my 300 watt power supply . Easy installation and trouble free setup make this card a bargain . highly recommend for basic dual monitor setup . do not do gaming , so can not comment on that .
280	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this be a review for the rebate portion of the card . if you be not interested , then do not read . however , I be post this because I feel it be pertinent information , and for I , it be what determine my get this card from this manufacturer . long story short , they have provide completely conflict information on the process of the rebate , and will do whatever it take to make sure that you will never get you rebate in the window that they originally advertise . here be the documentation of my experience : on Thu , Jun 21 , 2012 at 6:55 pm ,  write : -rrb- Dear xxxxxx , -rrb- -rrb- we be pleased to inform you that you rebate , with the basic service -rrb- level you select have be process and approve on 06\/21\/2012 . -rrb- -rrb- you Amex  reward card will be mail within 8-10 week . please contact -rrb- we if you have any additional question . -rrb- -rrb- Below be the summary of you rebate registration information : -rrb- -rrb- track Number : xxxxxxxx -rrb- rebate offer : Sapphire special mail-in rebate -rrb- rebate Item : Sapphire Radeon hd6950 2g ddr5 pcie -rrb- rebate Item UPC number -lrb- s -rrb- : xxxxxxxx -rrb- rebate award : $ 20.00 -rrb- Service level Basic : $ 0.00 -rrb- final award : $ 20.00 so , 8-10 week go back from 6\/21\/12 . nothing happen . the tracking number they give I do not work , either . I send they another email : ----- original message ----- sent : sep 1 , 2012 2:38:14 PM Subject : Re : Rebate Processed Hi , just wonder where be my rebate card . I still have not receive it . the tracking number you give I do not work . all the claim history , accord to you website , say be : \* Claim Status history \* ------------------------------ Date Status comment 5\/19\/2012 5:22:10 AM Claim create 5\/19\/2012 5:23:28 AM Claim Completed , Awaiting Receipt of Documentation 6\/14\/2012 1:54:40 PM Documentation receive 6\/21\/2012 9:54:55 PM Claim be approve it should have be here within 8-10 week . can you please provide I a status update ? ---------------------------------- it take I another email and another week before I finally get a response -lrb- they advertise that they always respond within 2 business day , because customer service be `` very important '' to they -rrb- . here be the most recent email : on frus , sep 7 , 2012 at 6:46 AM , 4myrebatesapphire  write : thanks for you email . customer satisfaction be very important to we and as such , we will respond to you email , answer any and all question within the next 2 business day exclude weekend . hello . you rebate have be approve as of `` 09\/01\/12 '' . it take 8-10 week from the date of approval for the rebate payment to be issue and send out . ------------------------------------------------- wow , really ? another 8-10 week after 9\/1\/12 ? what about they website and email from they , say my claim be approve back in 6\/21\/12 and that the card would be issue within 8-10 week from 6\/21\/12 ? complete and blatant lie . they clearly have zero intention of mailing I anything , hope that I would probably forget , and they could scam I and countless other out of a rebate that be owe to we , as what they advertise . they be also base in Hong Kong , make it more complicate when pursue legal action ... which i be sure they be fully aware of . just relay my own personal experience , hope to let everyone be aware of what they may encounter . I hope everyone be able to get they rebate and for I , it be just a fluke , but I think they response show they do not take customer service very seriously at all .
737	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	card not recognize as a ATI card by ATI driver installation . could not find a Dell driver for it either . useless .
437	GraphicsCard	POS	4	great card for the price , run they in SLI and I be happy with the performance again especially for the price . Pretty much run every game on Ultra setting .
863	GraphicsCard	POS	4	issue # 1 , as soon as I install the driver from the CD that come with it , I notice my onboard sound be go . it turn out that because this have HDMI , it be get its own soundcard and without ask , it make itself the default device . my monitor be a older DVI model and I like my amped speaker so I change it back , but it would be nice to be able to let both work since I span my desktop to a big hdtv that I use for watch movie while I work or just when I need the big screen . issue # 2 the scaling be all wrong on my hdtv -lrb- device 2 -rrb- . there be black bar around my picture that be almost 5 inch . Tech support tell I to go to a menu on ccc -lrb- they do not explain what CCC be so it take I a while to figure out it be the sloppy software that come with the card -rrb- but it be not there ! I find another option down there that look like it might work for hdtv , but all it do be make my screen blink once and then back to the way it be . it turn out the scaling and overscaling thing be what do the trick . -lrb- sorry to get technical lol -rrb- . overall it be a very fast , quiet , and lower power card . I be happy . just wish the software be better .
883	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I buy this unit from another store , new in box . day 1 be fine after I download new driver , the first one would not keep the resolution right . the second set of driver would keep the resolution correct just push everything off of that monitor when it go into screen saver mode ... icon , window , task bar , everything . after 2 day of use it do not work on the 3rd day . it be be return for another brand .
936	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	order one for a customer , arrive DOA . order replacement , arrive DOA , contact tech support to diagnose and spend 45 minute on hold with no live person ever answer . return for a refund and try another product
791	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i do not like it because it do not work on window xp otherwise its ok software hard to install return it
516	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I be excite to have buy this card and I hear great thing about it , but when i receive mine and install it i get maybe 45 seconds of use out of it before it turn on the overheat light , my display fail , and the fan start spin at max speed . I have have good experience with sapphire before and this be a huge let down from any of the card I have have before . I unfortunately can not recommend this card .
193	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this be a excellent video card to replace a OEM card . my video go out and so I have nothing on the screen . research card and determine this to be a good  evga geforce gt 520 1024 MB ddr3 PCI Express 2.0 2DVI\/Mini-HDMI Graphics Card , 01g-p3-1526-kr  I do not play video game but this card would probably work for the average game . it do 3D , have directx11 support . for a basic video card you can not beat the price and it come from Nvidia , a trust manufacture of high quality video card . have 3-year warranty . it do speed up view on my screen as it have twice the memory as my old card . and the image be very , very sharp . watch YouTube with no flickering or buffering at all . great card for a great price if all you want be basic card with some basic gaming .
345	GraphicsCard	POS	4	I have always use AMD because of the lower power consumption and know my way around they driver very well . I buy this for a new build I just do , but the card be extremely unstable under it be stock configuration with the most recent driver , even before I even attempt overclocking . build quality be excellent and temp be really low , perhaps lower than any of they card I have use before , but even when not overclock on the stock bio all I have be issue like artifact , and black screen . test it in another computer and it have the same issue . just for kick I try to unlock the shader as well , but it look like they have be laser off of the newer batch . it be unfortunate that I get a bad card , but I have decide to go with the xfx hd7970 instead and hope that it live up to the hype . I be sure that most of these card work just fine , mine probably have some bad vram . accord to many review this card when work can play pretty much any game on highest setting with a decent frame-rate , when overclock it be suppose to do very well . I be get a average of 90fp in Starcraft II on highest setting at 1920x1080 when slightly overclock , and when use 2560x1440 resolution I be get on average 60fp as well , again slightly overclock . I do not get to try it with any other game because it just crap out on I on the first day . honestly this card be great for most gamer except maybe the hardcore enthusiast , just stress test yours and make sure it be work properly .
627	GraphicsCard	POS	5	a great choice for a mid level desktop . fast enough for for all but the most demand gamer . set up easily .
997	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	well , what can I say ? it do not work . there be not much else to add . do I mention that it do not work ? yeah , it do not work . at all . really . it be also not quite heavy enough to function as a paperweight or even perhaps something one could lob at a enemy and hurt they -lrb- I be pretty sure it would just bounce harmlessly off the enemy , leave they unscathed , unless the enemy be very very small -rrb- . maybe it have some untapped performance art potential . I miss that kind of stuff all the time . oh yeah , you should probably not buy this unless , of course , you do not mind the part about it not work at all .
258	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I be unable to use this product for my pc be not design to install this type of video card . sorry not use not rate .
173	GraphicsCard	POS	5	it install perfectly fine . it work fine . it be a pretty nice graphic card for the money . Plays Skyrim on high with a good fp and ultra do not kill it , although I would not quite call it playable . I have not test anything extensive like bf3 or crysis 1 , but everything else run fine and my bottleneck be now my CPU .
67	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this card will display on 4 display but only by make they into two big display . the program that come with it will not work on my machine and I have to re-setup my display every time I turn on the computer . it be work with 8 display on 4 dual card but I think this might be better . it 's not !
419	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I be rating this low not because of the performance of the card but because the active Mini Display Port to DVI adapter be miss . this be the most expensive adapter that be suppose to be include .
223	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	the product do not work with newer monitor it do not even recognize then , you should not buy this unless you like paper weight with blue light or waste you money .
990	GraphicsCard	POS	5	the EVGA gtx 590 Classified be extremely powerful with sharp crisp and smooth rendering . this card generate great frame rate , even at 2560x1600 resolution . I be very happy with the initial purchase and elate with the second card . the first card install go without a hitch . this encourage I to try a Quad SLI configuration and I purchase a second card . strongly recommend run the EVGA Precision application when in Quad SLI . set the card to a higher fan speed for the air cool version . I would recommend the water cool Hydro Copper version and install a water cooling system now give the Quad SLI system I build . the card become power crazy and the longer you run they , the hotter they get . in a single card system the fan noise be hardly noticeable at all and considerable quieter than previous video card I have have . the system run great on the Gigabyte EX-58 Extreme install in a Cool Master HAF-X case . run two card in Quad SLI mode have its down side . Make sure you have a high watt power supply and battery up , I have a 1200w silent gold pro 80 + gold but only a 1500va up . there be time the UPS hit 900 watt of load and trip the shutdown procedure -lrb- this be after more than 6 hour of continuous use at high resolution and high graphic load , not over clocked -rrb- . read the faq on the support site when the blue screen show up . there be a potential conflict with hd audio use the same resource . the support site walk you through the step and you be back up and run in no time . the tech support report system reply in a few hour with the pointer to the support faq . great card . for dual use , consider switch to water cool version .
511	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I order one of these base on the picture and text . both say it have a S-Video port . the card I get have neither ! the part number on this item and the part number on the box be the same . also the text indicate that a extra low profile bracket be need . not true .
5	GraphicsCard	POS	5	just purchase this card , but so far it work great . I be look to purchase a second one and run it with the first in SLI mode .
900	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I purchase the Gigabyte GeForce GTX 550 Ti 1gb gddr5 PCI Express 2.0 for a client that want a high end work computer that she would not have to discard in a year because it will no longer run the application for she business . the card work great at first and score a 6.8 on the Windows experience index -lrb- weus -rrb- but after only one week the card die and prevent the pc from boot . I remove the card plug into intergraded hdmus and fire the computer and it be work like a charm . I end up buy a different card locally and return the old card to the vender .
18	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this card give I nothing but issue and now I can not even return it ... do not buy it ... I also be concern that item like this be not returnable
312	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	the first 670 I receive do not work use HDMI . no biggie , I just use DVI instead , however it red-screen on I twice . rmae it through amazon , have a second one go to I ... the second card be worse . it keep give I driver failure message nomatter which driver I install or how many time I clean the old driver use sweeper . it would also black screen every couple of minute . found lot of other have problem with the 670 online as well . I only get the 670 because the 680 be always out of stock , or people be ask way too much over retail . I be lucky enough to snag a 680 superclocked today for retail price while I be on amazon rmaing my second card . Problem solve ! ca not wait for my 680 to get here . system : i7-930 Asus p58d mobo corsair h50 6gb of Gskill memory corsair 750w p crucial m4 128gb ssd
869	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	spec-wise , this sound like a great card for my old Dell Dimension 4550 , but I could not get the driver to work . I check the i\/o port , irq , and dma channel look for conflict , but could not find anything .
895	GraphicsCard	POS	5	what can I say other than the title ? this card have play any game I have throw at it without issue . Crysis 1 and 2 , L.A. Noire , Deus ex : human revolution , starcraft 2 , Dragon Age : origin , mass effect , Batman : Arkham Asylum , Darksiders , and the list go on . I be somewhat hesitant to get it when I do because Nvidia 's and ATI 's next gen card be about to come out -lrb- or be come out -rrb- , but I be glad I do not bother wait . I especially like that this card come with displayport 1.1 , so its future proof -lrb- though I would have prefer 1.2 -rrb- . my HP zr22w -lrb- 22-inch lcd @ 1080p -rrb- can run at a 72Hz refresh rate use the DisplayPort connector .
171	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this same card be advertise at a few place for around two hundred less . I have a i7 CPU as well , 850w silent pro gold series , z68-v-pro mb , two stick of ram totally 8 gb on the board with a CPU cooler as well . my case be the smilodon and have the best cooling you could ask for in a left side clear case so you can see the inside plus the right side come down to do bench testing without disconnect a thing . this card have good stats and number on paper , but for half the price you can surpass it easy with a slus set up . those `` in the know '' ` who care about throw away they money just to brag about have the latest and greatest will be and have be separate from they money for many year now , and many to come . this industry be no different than the rest . I do not want to break any to rule on here , so I can not mention brand and price , but I be always available to take question in detail . spend this money on two respectable card that have go way down in price now since the sucker who pay this asinine price for card like these be make up the difference and then some . you will get two great card that will be way more than what you need , and still have money leave over to purchase a few game that slightly older card in the 5 series will handle like clock work . my set up I mention above be complete by a old gtx260 oc2 card that produce 299 fp in all game I play , online and off . for those who know , 299fp be what the server tap out at , so who know how high it would really go . no mistake , a solid graphic card round out any gaming rig , but overkill in this industry be at a all time high , and you all victim of price gouging and hype that only lead to senseless spending . so , even if you get just one card for a fraction of this price , it will more than surpass you need in any and all game , and there be great offer out on they , so do you research and use whatever common sense you have to not get separate from you hard earn money so you can take a pretty girl out on a date and stop dream of the female avatar you see in you game .
811	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I install the driver and when my computer restart I get black screen on my laptop . I have to restart and go to safe mode in order to uninstall the driver , so I could get my display back . I try to do it twice , and get the same result , so give up and return it .
226	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I be in the minority here , but my first card run insanely hot , give artifact , and have serious driver issue . the second be not much better . hdmus sound go in and out , could not shake artifact in Skyrim , and it stay in the high 70s to low 80 . the coil whine be also unbearable at speed . overall , it be a massive disappointment . spent week try to work through the issue , and have little success . still , I be go to try a reference card rather than jump ship to Nvidia .
735	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	the product send be the right card , but it do not have the VGA plug or the slot bracket to fit it . it come with only the DVI and HDMI with a short bracket that wont even fit my computer . seem I be short a few part , especially you standard slot bracket . Geesh . at -lrb- ... -rrb- they list what be in the box , but it do not say such part , they show this : 900270 and 900290 . I can only guess these be part number for the miss bracket and VGA plug . I only have VGA monitor -lrb- two -rrb- . on my previous ATI card , I use a a DVI to VGA adapter and the VGA out to run two monitor . so when I see the picture show this card to have the same ability , I believe it to be true .
298	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I upgrade to the gtx 590 from a ATI Radeon 5970 and I be happy to say that I go from a 3dmark11 score of 6800 to 9k ! my framerate on bf3 go from a average of 35 to 75 ! I be very pleased with the performance of this card and while it be pricey , the game experience be worth every penny ! I hope that this card stay on top of the performance ranking for awhile so I do not have to buy a second unit and run they in SLI !
934	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	Asus make a gorgeous look card in this gtx 670 direct cu ii top edition . my card work beautifully for the first 3 month and then it start give I random black screen . sometimes it would recover and the display would return and other time it would just completely lose signal until I restart my pc . I get random artifact from time to time and I have no way of tell when it be go to happen . I have go day where no black screen be artifact show and then other day where it happen all the time . matter of fact , I just lose my signal while write the first draft of this review . I have to restart and write it all over again . I have try everything from install new driver , beta driver , update the bio , and re-seating my card . none of these work . I be go to need to rma this card , but I be scared since I have hear some horror story about ASUS and they rma service . I be not look forward to go month without have a card , but it look like I 'll have to deal with it . pro : - excellent build - extremely quiet - powerful card con : - random black screen - artifact - lose of signal if you be one of the one lucky enough to get a top card without any problem , I be envious of you . Mine start off as a stud and end a dud . asus I hope you see this and be go to do something about it . I will be contact you soon .
806	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I have have this card for a while now . about a month or so . and it have max out everything so far ! -lrb- Skyrim , tf2 , Amnesia etc. -rrb- but one thing I have to throw out there be the fact that some game have some graphical problem , and the customer service of AMD really suck . but after download the beta driver from Catalyst , everything run flawlessly . 4\/5 because of some error with amnesia and minecraft , but after some tweaking with beta driver , problem all solve . EDIT : with the 12.7 driver , this card be a 5\/5 ! : -rrb- -rrb-
401	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	after install the catalyst control center and set the gpu and memory clock to the max -lrb- with software that come with the card -rrb- I get multiple blue screen with he card . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!! I would rate 0 star if possible .
146	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I buy this card from Fry 's since the video card I have currently in my p4 be only 64 meg and can not play hidef video . after I install the card , window no longer boot . I try reseed the card , no luck , window still do not boot . I put the old video card back in , and window load normally . I try put the new video card in and again , after post run , nothing happen , window do not load , just a blinking cursor . I be go to return this card and try a different brand .
630	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I order this card because I be look for a 2gb 6950 from a good manufacturer with non reference cooling . -lrb- I hate Turbine Coolers with a passion -rrb- I be not look to unlock , but I do consider it a bonus . the good : it run Cold . at 900 core and 99 % load it be only 65c in my Antec p280 . in a case with better airflow , it will be even cooler . at 900mhz core its a definite upgrade from my old gtx470 at 775MHz Core . look good shader may unlock depend on the method you use . the Bad : only sapphire trixx offer voltage control for overclocking which make a otherwise great card that would be fun to push nearly useless . after one night of work with MSI Afterburner -lrb- Industry Standard -rrb- and the . cfg file change , the most I be able to do be get the Core clock to be modifiable . Voltage remain tweakable only in Trixx . if you dont mind , its a great buy , but TRIXX be a terrible program for someone who be use to Afterburner , and end up be a deal-breaker . most of the time , shader be lock , and not even a bio flash to a 6970 -lrb- which can damage the VRAM by force it to run out of spec -rrb- change that . unlock on a non first gen 6950 usually only add about a 3-6 % performance increase and ~ 80watt of power draw . Max VCore be 1.18 , mean the card be really hold back from its max potential . why 5 Stars even though I sound like I hate it ? if you be new to overclocking , want a very fast card that can do 900 core on stock voltage , or do not care about use terrible software for you overclocking , there be far worse choice than this card . it be a truly solid card , and worth every penny . but I mess up a order a card that be not what I need . that not a reflection of the card quality , its a reflection of I . Addendum : after speak with spicybomb via email , they agree to give I a refund even though it be not defective and do not meet they requirement for return . they be incredibly helpful , and very easy to work with . im send it back with the unused Dirt3 Code and Unregistered Warranty information , and ill be look for another 6950 2gb with fewer restriction . probably a he iceq or a MSI Twin Frozr II\/III .
707	GraphicsCard	POS	5	if this card be back order , RESERVE IT . I have be use it since the middle of October 2011 . use Windows 7 pro . run everything I throw at it , flawlessly , with setting max . Crysis 1 & 2 , FarCry 2 , just cause 2 , and Skyrim . I have have no trouble at all on YouTube . I do not have a heating problem with this card , but I have a large case with large fan , this card be rather quiet . card be extremely stable , and well worth the price . you want the BEST , you pay for it . my System Specs : CPU i7-990x -lrb- overclocked to 4.4 -rrb- Zalman CNPS9900LED CPU Cooler 24GB G. Skill Ripjaws X Series DDR3 Asus P6X58D-E Mobo GTX 590 , this card 240gb Sata III Kingston HyperX SSD Thermaltake Level 10 gt Tower w\/Lian Li Metal Casters
6	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	while I do not purchase through Amazon , I want to share my experience with the product here to inform those interested in the card about its potential issue . there be no question that the Asus GTX 670 dc2 model be among the best look available , and the cooling solution be second to none . that be what attract I to the card - the slight difference in performance between the various option be of minimal concern 'cause they be all fast enough and test have show that if I want more performance all it would take be a bit of memory overclocking . such be not necessary though , as it have no problem with any of my game at 1920x1200 resolution with all the eye candy . I would think all be well as I have no issue whatsoever with the card for nearly three month ... then not quite two week ago I experience the first of many random black screen hard lock while gaming . after confirm that the graphic card be indeed at fault -lrb- a friend have the same card and swap they for a few day result in the black screen hard lock follow my card -rrb- I be now without my graphic card for potentially a entire month for a Asus RMA as they do not offer advanced replacement on graphic card . in the course of my troubleshooting , I come across numerous forum post from other Asus GTX 670 owner with either black screen hard lock or rsod issue . the disturbing part be that the majority of such report be also from owner who have be use they card for a month + without problem before it go bad , which definitely have I worried that there be a long term reliability issue with the design .
962	GraphicsCard	POS	4	I be run two Dell monitor from the DVI and VGA output of a ATI card . there be a serious difference in quality . find this with two DVI -lrb- digital -rrb- output for a great price . install easily , set up as expect , and now both monitor be happy . have not explore all the feature , be not a gamer , but happy with Adobe again .
727	GraphicsCard	POS	5	so , I use to play Video Games on Consoles and make the transition to pc but I only have a hd 4880 and my game lag horrible , unless on lowest setting . since I have use this I can play World of Warcraft on good setting with no lag , Skyrim on High Settings with no lag whatsoever : d , and mw3 play amazingly on good setting . on all of these setting I have be able to record with no extra lag with frap , if you want to see for yourself , -lrb- ... -rrb- great product !
423	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	have a hard time get this to work use the DVI connection . it would not support 1920x1080 . when online and find that the DVI connection have a much lower max resolution than analog VGA connection . so no digital hd for I ! major bummer .
446	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	as title say , let I explain . my motherboard be a Asus A8V-X , with 4gig of RAM , AGP8X , AMD Athlon 64 3500 + CPU . at first it be work flawlessly use a ATI Radeon 9200SE graphic card with 128mb of video RAM . I could play game like Halo Combat Evolved , Doom 3 , Far Cry , half life 2 etc , not with the best resolution , but even though those game where absolutely playable and enjoyable . after some year I decide it be time to upgrade the videcard , so I look for some 512mb agp8x card and find this evga . uninstall the ATI and install this new EVGA , it go flawlessly , until ... yes , you be guess right : I could not play ANYTHING . update latest driver , even go on some tweaking with NVIDIA 's support service help , but nothing . ca not play game like Halo Combat Evolved , Project IGI , Doom 3 , Far Cry , half life 2 , etc etc etc. . . everytime i just get weird error message like `` Gathering Exception '' and so on . compatibility issue , NVIDIA 's support Team say . Great . so I have to uninstall this piece of trash and throw it away , go back to my old reliable ATI Radeon 9200SE and guess what : I be back in business ! , now I can play those game again . flawlessly . so in my own personal experience : NVIDIA be NOT RELIABLE , it do not work , it be garbage . ATI do the job , it just work ! so my advice : DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , it be unstable , unreliable , have no technical solution , latest driver do not do anything to solve compatibility issue . and for Amazon 's service : flawless , as usual . thanks guy !
951	GraphicsCard	POS	5	just put together a new rig , and this guy right here be a monster . good ol' Windows 7 give it a 7.9 out of 7.9 on its benchmark , and after play Diablo 3 and tf2 ; I can confirm its brilliance . tf2 be truly max -lrb- very high on every option available , 8xaa -rrb- and I see color variation and detail I simply do not see before on my last rig . the story remain the same with diablo 3 , while it may be more cpu-intensive , the explosion and particle effect be simply brilliant with a stunning frame rate . for temperature reference , I have this case :  nzxt phantom 410 Mid Tower usb 3.0 gaming case - White  when play at the limit with max clock speed and aa be use , I have see it max out at 59 degress with 44 % fan activity on the card itself . one quick note -- it be a monster in its physical size as well , be sure to have a large case ! I have already hear of people not be prepare and cut out portion of they case to accomodate this refined beast -lrb- ouch -rrb- . I hear Asus 's driver can cause compatibility issue so I do not install they , but instead go with the generic driver from AMD , and it work perfectly . the main thing I love about this card versus other brand during my research be how much Asus put into the cooling design . it be not obnoxious , it look great cosmetically , and do its job phenomenally . overall , it be complete overkill for virtually any application out there , but AMD 's driver allow the card to do anything from watch Youtube video with perfect frame rate -- to render you own much faster with they transcoding compatibility . I would buy this card again in a heartbeat with all its capability , the pci-e 3.0 connection allow you to link multiple of these badass together at absurd datum transfer speed ; so if in 3 year there be actually a game that challenge this card , throw in another one of these right next to it ! thanks for reading , and I hope this review help !
227	GraphicsCard	POS	5	upgrade from twin 5870 's for iracing , push three 23 '' monitor in eyefinity . Have have to turn down some of the eye candy to get decent frame rate at some track and iracing be a bit lack in the eyefinity support . saw this card and just have to have it . put it in last night and everything be go great . framerate double or more , and that be with all graphic setting max out , which they be not before . awesome card and well worth the price of the upgrade . glad Sapphire put some mini-dp to DVI adapter as those be the monitor cable I have for the outboard monitor , though the change in dp cable throw I a little bit . the nice thing about this over the 5870 be that it do not matter which monitor be on which port . before the middle monitor need to be on the dp port . very happy with the upgrade .
912	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this card be awesome , I have not be in a game that I could not run on it be maximum setting at above 30 + FPS ... LOVE THIS ! if you be look for something powerful , this be it ! -lrb- I be run 1920x1080p , so if you be run a bigger resolution then I do not know how well it do . -rrb- . P.S. . the free pre-order for borderland 2 be a plus !! just want to rate it 5 star : -rrb- !
742	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I try to be as careful as I could about ground during the installation of this card but it burn up anyway
196	GraphicsCard	POS	5	if you be still stick on a agp system this be the best card you can get , be very good for a less than $ 100 . y usualy use to think that any card around $ 100 be bad and cheap , but this prove I wrong . I can even play Assassin 's creed with full graphic on 1280x1024 and dx10 with my old agp , p4 3.4 ht and 3gb ram computer . pro : great value , good performance , can be oce . con : maybe its too big to for any computer , but I manage to get into my case . final thought : if you need a agp card dont look for more , buy this one .
113	GraphicsCard	POS	4	I be blow away by the performance of the card . it also hit 73c when under heavy load which be good for I and my high ambient temperature -lrb- that be also on latest driver which cause overheating -rrb- . I have purchase evga in the past and will continue to do so until I find a good reason not to . one thing that should be say be that in order to take full advantage of the excellent evga warranty you must register on they website within 30 day of purchase . the website registration can be painful due to e-mail issue and if you have already install you card you have to pull the serial off of it . the free downloadable copy of Batman do not come with the game nor be there any coupon or mention of how to redeem it . I be not sure if Amazon or EVGA be responsible for provide that but I will find out . test with : bfbc2 , Deus ex 3 , World of Warcraft , civilization V.
352	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	buy this card for a small form factor computer . while the card itself may function great , it be certainly not a low profile card , and require a full size slot , which be not available in my small form factor computer . I be not sure why that it be call low Profile , then ! perhaps `` low Profile Ready '' be the key , here , but there be no half-size bracket , nor would the card have work with one . more a review on the manufacturer 's labeling , than anything else . even a sticker on the box say it be low Profile .
831	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	first one die after 2 month of use . replacement card run very hot 73-80c on load . I really think that the heat sink attach to this card be not very adequate .
950	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I can not wait to play Borderlands 2 on it . it run cooler than my old gtx570 . 4 gig of ddr5 to play with , I be in heaven .
386	GraphicsCard	POS	4	Works perfect with window 7 except in linux ubuntu all version to 11.10 . I have be look to see if there be a way to make it work good in linux , even have last driver . if anyone know let I know .
448	GraphicsCard	POS	5	buy the card to replace 2 gtx 460 's in SLI . mainly for the increase VRAM . my 460 's be the dumb down model that only have 768mb of VRAM . which really be not enough to game at 1080p on a 1920x1080 resolution . I notice performance hit in a lot of high end game graphic wise like Crysis , Metro 2033 and even skyrim with mod install . stutter be common in large open environment and it be a pain in the ass to deal with . the 448 core fix all of these problem . no more stuttering in large open environment and I can max graphical setting without any hitch . to my surprise the 448 core be actually faster stock then my 460 's be overclock . maybe it be just my system , but most review show slus 460 's beat a single 448 core\/570 and just a hair below a gtx 580 in term of performance . overclock can fix that too since the 448 core be a great overclocker . my motherboard be a huge bottleneck for my entire system be a old am2 board but even then I have be able to push this 448 core to 880mhz stable @ 1.075 v so far . this be usually achievable with lower voltage for most people . so I 'll probably be lucky to hit 900mhz at 1.1 v. but even then the performance increase from 80mhz be noticable . the card run cool with a tweaked fan profile I have set in MSI Afterburner . it idle at around 30c and load around 68-70c while gaming . for the price I get this card at it be definitely worth it consider I 'll probably be able to turn around and sell my 460 's for a equal cost . mean this card practically cost I nothing . if you can get a 448 core for $ 220 or less then jump on it . people argue that the gtx 480 be a better deal but the card be on a older fab that run way hotter . that be the main issue I have with the gtx 480 be the amount of heat it put out and that it consume more power . another nice thing about this version of the 448 be how small the card actually be . this one be only 9 inch long . a few other like the Classified or Ultra model be 10.5 in so that may be something to consider if it be a tight space in you case . a few thing to remember if you be think about buy this card be that this will not sli with anything BUT another 448 core . a regular 560 or 560 ti will not do . so if you plan on go SLI in the future remember also that this card be a limited edition so it be probably go to stop sell soon and become hard to find . so get 2 right off the bat . another thing , if you use benchmark like Furmark or OCCT the 500 series Nvidia card have a build in power protection that automatically downclock the card to keep it within power draw specification . I find this out after run occt and think my overclock be stable . boy be I wrong and disappointed . you will have to stress stability the old fashion way of hardcore gaming and look for artifacts\/waiting for the game to crash and you driver to reload , lol .
954	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	pro : none con : cheap , flimsy plastic cooler . flash\/flicker like crazy whenever the screen switch -lrb- reboot to post , enter & exit bio , and sometimes during game 's cinematic scene when it switch from one scene to the next and screen flash . -rrb- Random stuttering during intensive gaming in diablo3 , Crysis Warhead , leave 4 dead2 . and a kind of faint but continuous coil whine noise that will drive you insane over time . on top of all that , Amazon keep shipping I use video card from they return Center . I pay $ 500 for a video card , but Amazon ship I another customer 's return that clearly be DEFECTIVE . I get a exchange and it have the exact same problem . I uninstall the driver + software and pop in my old xfx hd6970 , everything work just fine . I be now file a full refund and will buy from a retail store . at least I will get a brand new seal video card off the shelf . if a customer return a product because he complain about problem with it , then you should send it back to the manufacturer , not sell it to another customer . that be bad business practice , I be extremely disappoint in Amazon now .
378	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i too get this card and after hour and a half with tech support they conclude card not good to bad since i get a great price on it they say if its to good to be true well it be o well i will try again for another one . .
640	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I get the card in Oct. , 2010 . I do not see the fine print that say to register it to get two year support . recently I start get BSOD -lrb- Blue screen of death -rrb- . in other word , my computer stop and i have to reboot and lose whatever i be work on . this continue for two week . I try uninstall and reinstall driver and software . finally , i disabled the video card . no more bsod . so it be a bad memory on the card . I wish I have register it . that would have mean it be cover now -lrb- for 2 year -rrb- . if you get this card register it . however , I would not recommend that you buy this card . it only last 18 month ! and then cause I no end in grief figure out that the video card be cause my problem and not something else !
581	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	Got this a week ago because I hear it be suppose to be the go to gtx 670 ! it work for about 30 minute , after 30 minute the card keep crash . download different driver and all that stuff , now my computer disable it off the bat ! report of this problem be widespread , do yourself a favor and wait till they fix it ! thank goodness for amazon return policy !
644	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i see the benchmark at youtube website and gtx 580 be much powerful than gtx 570 but between gtx 680 and gtx 670 be almost same performance but 100 dollar less so i decide to buy gtx 670 . im very happy with this compare to gtx 580 -lrb- my previous card -rrb- . if you overclock the gtx 670 will overpower gtx 680 and that awesome ! by the way 3d vision be just amazing and im tell you guy 3d movie suck but 3d gaming be AMAZING because 3d effect be lot more 3 dimension than 3d movie !!!!! too bad lot of people do not even give it a try . 2d flat picture gaming suck !!!!!! update ! !!!!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS model -lrb- 02g-p4-2670 -rrb- it only last me 2 week !!! buy the gtx 670 -lrb- 02g-p4-2678 -rrb- model instead !!! it seem like EVGA fix all the bad problem on THIS NEW MODEL . I read the REVIEW FROM NEWEGG WEBSITE and HARDLY NOBODY COMPLAIN on THIS MODEL I should have LISTEN to those review . IM very happy with the new model
565	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I buy this because I want to purchase rage and battlefield 3 and my current 5830 be not work with rage . I do get this thing work perfect with rage but I do have to shut off all my extra monitor and run rage with just one . this thing be powerful and nice but rage be just so demand . bf3 be not out yet but I believe it will work fine with that too .
955	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I first install this card use Windows 2000 pro , and it work very well . then I do a new install of Windows 7 , and now many program include Combat Flifht Simulator will not run at all - even after get the win7 driver from Nvidia .
857	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I order the PCI card after read the great review . I own a DELL dimension 2400 and need Windows 7 for online course . after installation , I have have issue after issue . black screen and now I can not connect to ie . no other browser available . seem to be a corruption some where . after install driver , ie do not open and I can not turn anti-virus ware back on . I call Microsoft and Dell to get some help to no avail . I do not know what to do . and this be my only pc . truly frustrating .
941	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I purchase this card for a new pc I build from scratch . spec on my gaming rig be thus : ASUS P8Z77 pro board core i7 2600k Sapphire Radeon 7870 OC 2gb 16 gb RAM Corsair Vengeance black Samsung 830 128gb ssd -lrb- system + only major app -rrb- Seagate Barracuda 2 tb 7200 RPM HDD Cooler Master tpc-812 heat sync Cooler Master HAF-X Blue Edition -lrb- newegg exclusive -rrb- + all fan for all fan slot Cooler Master silent pro gold 1000w power supply Sony dvd burner win 7 64-bit only run a single monitor , 24 '' ACER on the DVI port Processor temperature do not get too high nor do the video card temperature . in fact , my box stay very cool . Processor idle temp be 29-31 Celsius . when play Skyrim on ultra , the processor can get to 57 Celsius . I have 2 fan blow directly on my GPU as well - one from the side and one blow toward the back of the computer . when play game for long period of time , 3 + hour , at least once in this time period my screen will go black -lrb- video signal be lose -rrb- , the fan will spin at max , and the only way to stop this be a hard shut down by hold down the power button . there have be a lot of document case online . just search for `` Sapphire 7870 crash '' or `` Sapphire 7870 black screen '' and you will see page of precisely this issue . apart from these crash , this be a good mid-range card . it run at low temperature and deliver good frame rate . however , the constant crash have leave a bad taste in my mouth . since it be be over the 30 day with Amazon , I 'll see if my credit card company will refund my purchase . I really want to like this card base off of the review I read at Tom 's hardware and other source . but the regular crash make keep this card untenable . I have also read that people who have RMA would this card still experience the same issue with they replacement . I 'll probably end up go for the EVGA GeForce GTX 680 with the dual fan . this have be my first experience with radeon on the pc and with Sapphire Technology card .
873	GraphicsCard	POS	5	hello there , I be sure as you read this review there may have be tear shed , hair pull out , forehead bang against hard surface , scream and curse utter , more tear , frustration , and exhaustion only to realize that you be still contemplate between the gtx 680 and the infamous 7970 . be a owner of a XFX dual Dissipation Black Edition 7970 factory oce to 1000m -lrb- currently the fastest 7970 -rrb- , I be skeptical of purchase a gtx 680 due to numerous rumor that claim they have similar performance . be a compulsive shopper I buy it . I run many test and here 's what I find : after compare benchmark with both card on 3dmark and Heaven , the gtx 680 and 7970 trade blow with each other . keep in my mind that my 7970 be faster than the reference 7970s . in game such as battlefield 3 , the gtx 680 perform faster by 5-12 % in term of fp on 2560x1440 resolution with max Ultra setting 0xaa . if you have a monitor with 1920x1080 or 1680x1080 , you 'll see a 20-35 % gain in performance on Maxed Ultra setting 0xaa -lrb- as prove by popular website such as hardcanuck , overclock.net etc -rrb- . I be afraid the 680 's 2gb vram be insufficient to render so many pixel on a 2560x1440 -lrb- just like how many gtx 580 1.5 gb user experience on this resolution which be why they release a 3gb version -rrb- , but to my surprise it do a fine job and still gain lead over the 7970 by 5-10 % . I will not go into too much detail since there be ton of respected website that do , but I hope this preview from a consumer , like yourself , give you a good idea of how the gtx 680 perform . have read through so many gtx 680 review , it all come down to ask who be the real winner here ? on a clock to clock basis , they trade blow with each other . it baffle I to see so many review website deem the gtx 680 as the ultimate champion yet the 7970 do not seem to fall behind too much . with the potential ocing room of the 7970 , a overclocked 7970 -lrb- 1200 + core clocked -rrb- have the same score as gtx 680 on some benchmark though not all . on the other hand , a oced 680 definitely will be faster than the 7970 . with this in mind , there be no clear champion . however , the Kepler GK110 schedule for release in q4 be rumor to dominate both of these card hand down . then again rumor be rumor but to my surprise many of the rumor regard the gtx 680 week ahead of launch date be actually on par . so what be my point ? if you have a 7970 , you should definitely hold off on the gtx 680 and wait for Kepler GK110 as you will not find a huge performance gain . Catalyst 12.3 driver be rumor to boost some performance for the 7970 -lrb- as we all know driver have always be a limit factory for AMD -rrb- . if you do not have a 7970 , then definitely upgrade to this card -- you will not regret it . though if AMD brighten up and lower the 7970s to mid to low $ 400s , then go for the 7970 and wait for Kepler 110 . on a side note , we all know that the gtx 680 be a popular card and be sell out in almost every retail store -lrb- I have to wake up at 6am on launch date to order mine from Amazon . it only take ~ 10 minute to sell out -rrb- , but please please please avoid buy from third party seller who have exploit this new technology by buy mass quantity and sell it at ridiculously high price . this prevent many hungry user from get the card on time . for example , I have see a few seller on Amazon marketplace who have already sell a few GTX 680 for $ 635 as well as eBay for $ 650 while the msrp be $ 500 ! I call Amazon as of 3\/23\/12 to inquire when the next batch will arrive so I can sli my gtx 680 and they say next week ! be patient and have faith in Amazon . NVIDIA anticipate to sell out quick on this item and every retail want to cease on this moment , so be patient and have faith in Amazon as every store be fight to restock asap . I try to write this review in the most unbiased way . but the truth be ... -lrb- drum roll -rrb- I be a Nvidia fan boy . I have buy Nvidia card all my life because I have read horrid story of AMD driver . I purchase the 7970 because it be the fastest card available with great architecture a few month ago and I feel Nvidia really lag behind the competition race : thumb up to AMD : . generally AMD driver be not that great . they often screw up crossfire support for many newly release game , however , its important to note that AMD 's new driver give more performance enhancement to higher end card than lower end . I have have a few crash on my 7970 only to have XFX technical support advise I to use a older driver 12.1 for stability . while AMD be move backwards on driver -lrb- lol literally -rrb- , NVIDIA be move forward . they driver have always be rock solid ! bottom line be you can not go wrong with either the 7970 or gtx 680 . the gtx 680 have be prove to be FASTER , but not by much depend on you setting . chase technology be like a bottom less pit -- its never end ! but if you be patient and not a compulsive shopper like I , wait for the gk110 . keep in mind that EVGA will be release various 680 version such as gtx 680 Super Clocked\/FTW 4gb\/classified 4gb in a `` few month '' accord to EVGA 's product manager . good luck ! I hope this review help ! my current setup : Intel i7 2600k oce 4.5 Ghz Asus Z68 Pro\/Gen3 Motherboard Corsair 16gb ddr3 Vengeance Blue Ram Crucial m4 128gb ssd evga gtx 680 -lrb- slus -rrb- Zalman 9900 120mm CPU Heatsink -lrb- 35 c idle , 65 c load -rrb- creative sound Blaster Xi-Fi XtremeGamer Fatal1ty pro Sound Card Creative Fatal1ty pro Headphones Corsair AX850 PSU Antec 900 Case Yamakasi Catleap q270 27 '' lead Monitor @ 80Mhz Logitech G5 gaming mouse Logitech K120 Keyboard Windows 7 Home Premium
924	GraphicsCard	POS	5	one word : AMAZING !!! this card be really quiet and run fairly cool even under load . so far very impressed with the performance as well . I be go to buy a slightly cheaper model but I do not regret pay a little more for this one . Crysis , what use to be the bane of even high end setup , can be easily max out at 1920x1200 . benchmark for current game also look great . Have have zero problem with the card so far . installation be very easy and hassle free . the only thing to keep in mind be that it be very long -lrb- 9.8 '' or 250mm -rrb- , so make sure you have the clearance .
75	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I have a Zotac gtx 680 reference card before which would not overclock no matter what I do , I sell that card to buy a gtx 690 but come to my sens and decide I dont game enough to justify 1000 dollar on a video card . so I serach reveiw look for best gtx 670\/680 again which would be good overclocker and this one fit the bill perfectly . I would get ASUS gtx 680 dc2 but stock on those be even worse than this card , plus its a three slot design versus this which be only a two slot a plus in my book . so the performance with boost of this card be slightly faster than reference gtx 680 in game but gtx 680 score a bit higher on 3dmarks11 at least in my case . but real world performace be identical . even compare a gtx 670 overclocked to a gtx 680 overclocked performace be always very close that why I didnt mind my `` downgrade '' from gtx 680 to gtx 670 . all in all this be best gtx 670 ATM , if you get a stable one . now go on buy one .
567	GraphicsCard	POS	4	I be use this video card for about 10 day now , run bf3 on max setting , test with Crysis dx11 + hd texture pack and skyrim with hd texture pack . I can say that the card be good , handle these game on maximum setting but it be not better than my Radeon 7970 , I think it be the same level . both machine have i7-3770k@4.4 . maybe with new game use physx I will see some improvement . I can recommend it over the 7970 bcz of the lack of bugs\/inssues i have sometimes with the 7970 . look for another 680 to get SLI or some thing stronger from Nvidia next month . right now , this videocard alone be enought for all game i like .
303	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	so I purchase this card since it have the most muscle for the older style agp . mind you , I be quite computer friendly , and build they myself . this card be a pain since the driver take 4 download to work . the card then last about 2 month before crap out . I take my old Nvidia card . put it back in the computer , and 5 min later have it back up and run . its be month now with no issue . I have hear similar story about ATI 's card in recent year . in fact , my last ATI card be always finicky . I would not recommend ATI graphic card if you be look for stability .
197	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I be not the usual person who give review but I just want to tell those who want to reserve it not to cancel even if it take more time , I reserve this card for a friend on September 3 and the delivery estimate be between 23 September - 5 October and I get a email around 5 day ago about a confirm delivery date by 20 September which mean that Amazon get the item even before the time frame that they put for it and I be get it even earlier -lrb- 19 September -rrb- , Amazon promise and they deliver . so those who want the item should reserve theirs and wait for it and never cancel unless you actually get one from another place cause its worth the wait if you really want it since cancel and reordering will get you down on the list while you be on top of it , or you can buy it from other people for over 1000 $ .
411	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	hus , this be not really a review I just want to say that after do some research this be not really a 2 GB Video Card because when I look up Ati Radon 6450 on amazon I have several company make similar card just add at I chip in they and they all say 1gb this be not a true 2 gb card , however I would recommend a better video card probably and Ati Radeon 6570 make by he they sell a bit more but have more power to it for a similar price .  he radeon hd 6570 iceq 1 gb -lrb- 128bit -rrb- ddr3 hdmus dvi-d -lrb- hdcp -rrb- VGA PCI Express x16 2.1 Video Card -lrb- h657qo1g -rrb-
275	GraphicsCard	POS	5	have no issue with delivery , installation and operation . even have some documentation , which i do not have to use . hardware : HP ACPI x86 base desktop , model nr a6250z . replacement for original ge force after it bite the dust . like large heat sink , no fan - no noise , less power consumption . Make sure to install driver .
596	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I be satisfy with this product so far . the performance be great , bf3 on ultra run great and I have not have any problem with other game as of yet . Easy to install and very quiet , this card be definitely worth the cost .
96	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I recently buy this card to replace a ATI 9600 XT card in my rather elderly pc . with the old card I could run game such as Halo and Diablo II without a problem , but the fan go on on the card . after install the card , neither game would work , and even websurf be painfully slow . I download and install the latest driver software , which do not help . think it might be a defective card I exchange it for another one , which do not change anything . so now I be look for a better agp card , or see if I can replace the fan on the old card . I email evga tech support , and they respond promptly . unfortunately they confirm that they new card be substantially slower than my old card . bummer .
544	GraphicsCard	POS	5	it be brand new from the box . it work great and it just need new driver from the website nvidia.com . it arrive on time as expect . thank you Amazon !
682	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I purchase a evga hd570hd card with the rebate . they make you enroll for any number of registration and signup to even enroll you rebate . after agree to receive all they advertising and other b after 10 week I finally get the rebate check . I take the rebate check to Chase Bank -lrb- also my bank -rrb- upon which the check be draw and Chase refuse to pay on the check state that the check be draw on a invalid account . I contact evga and after 4 day get a appology . EVGA say they would replace the check . no doubt another 10 week wait . they have go dark about my request for reimbursement for the fee I be be charge by Chase for they bad check deposit . bounce rebate check be a inexcusable business practice . knowingly send out rubber check be a disgusting way for any company to treat they customer . I will never buy another evga product again . buyer beware - if you hope for a evga rebate be alert that you may never get you money and you may incur additional bank fee due to they fraud\/mistakes . you will also have to incur countless time on the matter .
299	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	DX 11 look great !! this be a quiet card . have a great cooler . there be no second bios\/switch , as of this time there be no bio to unlock the Extra shader . con : do not have 2 duel link DVI one be single link DVI my 30 '' have to be plug into a specific dl-dvi to work and the 24 '' in the second sl-dvi to see the right resolution . launch bfbc2 blank my second lcd unless you turn off AERO this card burn up in 7 day . new 1 on order , just play 'n bfbc2 , dirt3 and normal use . this do not last long ? second card burn up in 2 day . no oc just bfbc2 , dirt3 and movie , watch temp they be fine. , could be a bad power profile in there bio from some review I have read on line , or a flow problem on the GPU solder . hate to do it but go to try the he . I love sapphire product just upgrade from my 4870 x2 . I be 98 % sure I do nothing to make this card go bad . a new video card should be easy I do not understand why there be trouble . to be more clear when I say burn up I be get small checker board pattern corruption in the center band of high end video game 1\/3 of the area specific to the middle . top and bottom be clear . first card go all area same pattern . if Sapphire read this or some one see 's a solution please reply . I get my new he 6950 iceqx and it work fine no problem at all this lead I to believe there be a bio issue or a random hardware incompatibility . I do use the second\/alternate rail for the video power this time just in case it be the power but I do not see how I could go from a work 4870 x2 and have a power issue on a new 6950 . MB MSI p55a-gd65 power supply Corsair HX1000W Core i7 870 revo-pcie 120 gig velocity raptor 300 XFI Ti fatality creative sound win 7 ultimate
979	GraphicsCard	POS	4	so I be currently use this at work to add a 3rd monitor as a extended desktop to my other two . I have to say with Windows xp at least the set up be really quite nice and easy . lot of option for clone or extend and a great deal of control over which monitor be which . one interesting thing that be worth mention be that you can have up to 6 of these . that mean 6 additional monitor can conceivably be add to you current set up should you ever have a desire for such a thing -lrb- although I personally would hate it as I would never be able to find my cursor -rrb- . now you can only do one monitor per device you buy . if you do want to do 6 , you 'll have to buy 6 of these . it also allow you to add a VGA port to a device that do not have one . why do I care about this ? well ... it sure would be nice to play video file on my Dell duo -lrb- tablet\/netbook -rrb- on my hdtv . since it have no hdmus , VGA , or DVI port natively , this would allow that . I be sure you can think of other device with this same issue ... a additional point of interest for some - normally when you clone monitor in Windows you have to set both monitor at the same resolution . further it mean you have to go with the resolution of the worst monitor as a max and that mix monitor of differ aspect ratio will yield weird result . -lrb- for instance , if you have a monitor that be capable of 1920x1200 and one that can only do 1280 x 1024 , you 'll have to run both at 1280x1024 or less -rrb- . this device allow you to clone monitor ... at different resolution ! if you do not need this ... you do not care . but if you do , you know what a huge deal this be ! the only complaint I have with the way I be currently use it be that whenever my computer go to sleep , whatever be on the 3rd monitor -lrb- the one on this device -rrb- get push over to one of the other screen . very minor , but I have so many application open at once that it would be nice if they stay put over there . however , that say here be some other thing worth know -lrb- for most people these would not be issue I do not think , but just in case it do not happen to impact you ... -rrb- I originally get it for a embedded project since it would have be a lot nicer to have a usb port than a VGA port + power . it be a nice small form factor for it , but ultimately I do not end up use it because : 1 . it require a driver to install . this mean that every computer you plug it into will need to install this software . that be fine if you have a specific computer you be go to use it on . not so much for a embedded device that need to plug into a variety of computer . 2 . I do not know if it be a problem with Windows 7 or with the specific computer I be use it with , but the `` primary '' computer for the embedded device do not do so well with the usb display device software . the resolution stay set from the last computer I use it on and as for cloning and extend the video card of the computer recognize it as a 3rd monitor . it do mean I could technically use it , but I do not have all option available and I be not able to get the exact set up I want because I could not access the software . on the xp computer I do not have this issue . you may find you also only have access to some option if whatever impact I show up for you . -lrb- it really may be the win 7 thing -rrb- 3 . it be a teeny bit of a power hog . I have a usb hub internal to my device . I should have have about 200 ma available for this , but it exceed it a few time which be not a big deal but I get flicker because of that . unless you be also use it on a unpowered hub with other device though , you 'll never notice this . all in all , I actually really like it and think it work pretty well indeed . it do not work for what I buy it for , but that do not mean I do not find it useful . Update : co-worker of mine get one and say it work fine for he on Windows 7 computer - either they update the software in the meantime -lrb- it be over a year later at this point -rrb- or it be just the computer I be use .
543	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I buy this card for a upgrade for a old pc for my son to use . it install fine and work well for he wow until today . first he lose red , then green before I make he power down . would not buy this again .
150	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	this card perform excellently . however within the first two week of own it I have several red screen of death . I search around online and have find many other people with the same issue . I have request a replacement from Amazon that will arrive tomorrow , if the second card be problem free this rating will go up to a four . however I can not give a five to a product that have apparently zero quality control . be wary of this line from EVGA . -lrb- ... -rrb- or just google `` EVGA GTX 670 FTW red screen ''
674	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	this be a ok graphic card . the build be great and the low profile a charm . but know that this be PCI NOT pcie -lrb- express -rrb- . pcus be much slower than pcie . so even think this graphic card be 512mb 8400g ddr3 it be still slower than my old 256mb 8400g pcie . they be different connector type . my biggest beef be that it do not allow my computer to shut off and it be very very laggy . it could just be the specific card i receive , though .
182	GraphicsCard	POS	4	buy two of these for crossfire and my 3x1080p monitor setup and be very excite to get they and I get they quite fast , 2 day . now , this be suppose to be a 2 slot card , but it be not , it take up 3 slot easily , so it be blatantly mislead for those hope to crossfire on any size board with any other card in pcus slot . I insert they into my Sabertooth X-79 2011 board and they block every slot . no sound card , revo ssd , nothing can fit , not even a network card . Make sure you be aware of this or buy a extended board before you purchase more than 1 . this be not exactly a con because it be something I think might be a issue , but with no actual dimension for the depth of the card , it be impossible to know without actually buy they because very few have crossfire 7970 's , let alone these exact model . this be something that should have be clearly state somewhere and it will cost I a couple week of return the other part that now wont fit and I now have to repurpose from other sources\/models . overall the card be amazing , crossfire be a little buggy but I be not too worried . 5760x1080 battlefield 3 @ 55 fp ? easily . great card . just need more info on the product page .
27	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I have own two of these monster since July and they be absolute beast . they ability to overclock be incredible and they low power consumption be a plus in flexibility to that . I have always be impress with evga 's customer service . just be sure to register you card upon purchase !
156	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this card be super easy to install and of course now I can play battlefield3 without terrible lag . you can not beat the price for this card ... ... get it
590	GraphicsCard	POS	5	originally , I buy the MSI 7970 Lightning because of the legendary performance that usually come with the lightning product line . unfortunately , I be only able to overclock the card to 1170 on the core and 1500 on the VRAM . this be in line with the experience that reviewer related , but it be a bit disappointing . in addition , the lightning that I have would occasionally lock up , even when it be not overclock . for six Benjamins , I be not go to put up with that , so I send it back . after scour the review , I decide that I would get a gtx 680 , even though I be uncomfortable with the 2 gb of VRAM -lrb- I game at 2560x1600 -rrb- . the reason I be a little doubtful be that when I track VRAM usage in skyrim with all my hd mod , I frequently utilize all of the 3 gb of VRAM on the 7970 . despite these misgiving , I settle down to wait for a gtx 680 to pop up . then I have a chance to get a Sapphire Dual-X 7970 OC for four hundred thirty dollar . I have read good review on the Sapphire 7970 , and be impress with the overclock that reviewer be able to get on they . I decide to take a chance on the Sapphire over the gtx 680 , since it be nearly a hundred less than what I could get a 680 for . so far , I be very glad I take the plunge . the oc I be get on the card I get be amazing ! I can play Skyrim at 1270 on the core and 1700 on the VRAM -lrb- at 1.2 volt -rrb- with no problem . and I have not even push it to the max yet to see how high I can go ! at these speed , I think I be get better performance than a overclocked gtx 680 would provide . to top it off , the Sapphire cooler be both quieter and cooler than the MSI lightning cooler . Max temp with my MSI be about 70 c in game , but I have not ever hit above 65 c with my Sapphire yet . the only two issue I see be a potential problem be a slight coil whine when I abuse the card in Furmark -lrb- no sound at all during gaming , though -rrb- , and the fact that the 7970 will not wake up after the computer go to sleep . I have to reboot it . however , that be a problem with all 7970s it seem , since my msus do it too , and I have read that a lot of other people have the same problem . the other sticking point for I be Sapphire 's warranty . sure , 3 year be good , but several manufacture be do the warranty by serial number instead of have it stick with the purchaser . this could be a problem if you ever want to sell the card in the future . if Sapphire do they warranty by serial number , like some of they competition , that would be a huge boost in they favor . in short , if you want a fantastic video card for a great price , look no further . get it !
508	GraphicsCard	POS	5	my card be box well , build well , and look sleek ; not that the last part matter . over many year of building rig for extreme power user to the everyday workhorse i have find two important thing with electronics : 1 . good cooling be a must , this card be great . 2 . the quality of material use must be high , no corner have be cut with this card . the capacitor be fantastic and the pcb be not too thin or flimsy . let I go back over something , a computer case be the most important part for you valuable part , a graphic card should not be use as a `` extra '' fan . true cooling start with the housing , and then you can move to higher quality material to ensure the best computing experience for you budget . why would you put a Super car engine in a cheap hatchback ? - you would not . Stay cool my friend .
805	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	card do not work right , bf3 crash after about 2 min every time . even try reinstalling\/reseating\/swapping pcus power cable several time , exchange with amazon , new one get here Tuesday , hopefully this one work .5
53	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this card suck . sorry to be blunt but it do the driver mess up on I 4 time i blow 2 card it black screen on any 3d app and during driver update it freeze all the time didnt over clock they never touch they besides insert they in case on future mark they barely out preformed the gtx 580 and on some case the 580 finish ahead i have the same issue with previous 6 series card so maybe my board hate AMD but there performance isnt enough to warrant I keep they over my 580 super clocked and the gtx 580 isnt give any issue i think for amd i will bid they farewell until they can fix there amazing driver issue the minute there release good point - erm they look ok i guess bad point - bad driver usual amd error - bad performance consider this be mean to be the next card up from the gtx 580 i dont see it in performance my gtx actually finish higher on alot of game when i finally get a work card install after 8 hour ... , noise omg there loud i hate the gtx 580 for be loud because there loud and hot but these be loud as in off puttingly loud i also find i need to contantly run a 3rd party fan controller for they as they be get to hot and this be in a very well cool pc in a high airflow system haf x sorry for the bad review i dont usually ever give 1 star but i fix and build pc 's i build my pc it could be a board problem with amd i cant really answer that but it seem the driver be the cause i never usually give 1 star or bad review as i believe with computer component its kinda pot luck with gpus i hope you all have better luck with this card than I
458	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this be the first hardware upgrade I have do for my computer , this and a 600w psu I pick up to run the card with . I have a phenom ii x6 CPU 2.6 GHz . I expect Skyrim to only run at about high and it run ultra with a average of 55-65fp outside . in building , usually 110fps !! dungeon be about 35-45fp . the lowest I get be in town at about 25fp , but only for a few seconds , it will bounce right back up to 60 and it do not make the game unplayable , its really great . I install 2k resolution and add a lot of additional graphic mod to Skyrim , as well as set aa and af to max . I have hear the 680 be not much better and the 690 be overkill . so this card be one of the best deal you can get as of 2012 . the only way I could make it better be improve my CPU and obviously if you be a high roller with multiple monitor and a need for speed , you can SLI -lrb- something I would not recommend since it would only give minimal improvement for $ 400 more . -rrb- its a great card ! sleek , its giant compare to my other one , but even after hour of play the card only reach 67c , I do not have it oc would and it run everything I have throw at it - even Minecraft .
175	GraphicsCard	POS	5	card do everything i expect , run twitcher 2 and Deus ex 3 at full -lrb- ubersamblind disabled obviously -rrb- . my code for deus ex actually be email to I the next day . as for dirt3 , there seem to be a bit of a snafu with the code right now but amd say all voutcher will be honor eventually .
385	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this product do what it say . I get it for work purpose so that I do not have to keep splitting the screen to compare document side by side . I now be able to view 1 document on each screen and drag and drop any window that I have open between the two screen . the only downside be that the monitor that I have run off this adapter have funky color , depend what be on the screen . anything that be light blue will show up as a bright aqua color . also another thing I notice be there be a tiny delay on anything I be viewing\/moving on this same monitor . keep in mind I be use a older flat screen monitor , which could be the reason for the color change -lrb- I 'll update my review once this monitor die -rrb- . also the delay might be from the RAM or something . the desktop computer I use at work be a few year old . but I do love it and the ease of hook it up . and I love that it do what it say . I would give 5 star if not for the color problem and delay .
938	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this card come for my new build and I be extremely excite to get it go at speed like 1150\/5000 as these seem to be easily obtainable clock for this card after read hundred of review . Sapphire have a great reputation . I be extremely disappoint when I go to benchmark in Haven and there be artifact -lrb- black line and grainy rainbow color -rrb- across the entire screen . sadly I be return this card and have order the Asus as a alternative . I really want this card to work , I guess someone have to get the bad chip though ...
523	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I have always prefer NVIDIA since i start mess around with computer ... Easy installation for a old computer with a bad card in it ... installation take 2 minute and im 15 ! some other thing to know : you may have to open the control panel of the NVIDIA as the quality of mine be turn up and slow down games\/web page ... there be a performance and quality bar which make a huge difference when i put it all the way to performance ! either way , super happy with my purchase and if i ever need another i will definitely look for a NVIDIA
449	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this thing be a beast , everything I have throw at it have not slow it down one bit , and this have the dual bio switch one flip and it unlock the extra shader to make this a 6970 ! the switch be located next to the crossfire connector very small I have to use a small pick to switch it , I use gpu-z to check for the shader unlock . plus this thing overclock like a beast too get to 900\/1400 gpu\/memory pass furmark with no artifacting , gonna try for higher but really do not think I need to it blow throw everything , and temp be amazing too , idle at 28c-30c and max be 60c-63c but it rarely see Max only when benchmarking . so glad I buy this one instead of another brand just the fact that I can unlock it to a 6970 spec be well worth the money and the ability to over clock be amazing , highly recommend this card . p.s. make sure to uninstall all you previous graphic driver and download the latest from amd 's website this be the cause of most of you bsod and other strange thing happen when you install a new graphic card .
84	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I know i need a low profile pcus video card for my computer , so I decide on this one , I have be use pny product for a long time and I have be always realy please with they , first i think it be a `` lemon '' I receive , but then I read another review explain the exact issue I be have : THIS video card , USED under WINDOWS 7 or VISTA , will prevent you to turn OFF your COMPUTER USING the power off hardware button or clicking the SHUT DOWN BUTTON ON WINDOWS ! the system will start to power off process , but after that it will reboot , just like if you have select to the restart option . the only way to shut it down be by unplug the power cord . already try to update driver , motherboard bio , disable window ' 7 reboot option on a error , in the system advance option , no go . so its a good card , great performanse for a low end design but still ... a really bad idea ...
475	GraphicsCard	POS	5	make it short pro : very quiet play current game smooth at max -lrb- except bf3 on ultra -rrb- price dual bio -lrb- never brick you GPU , i have bad flash many time when i try to mod to 6970 but fail , always able to recover use the other bio -rrb- con : not unlockable to 6970 -lrb- this retail version `` 3l '' latest batch will not unlock , better luck with dirt3 edition `` 3sr '' -rrb- no game or cf bridge include
430	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	the gtx 680 series be awesome it be a very efficient powerfull card and evga be probably the best gpu maker out there but this paticular model have show to exhibit problem that be just now start to become more wide spread with mine in particular the card clock lock at 706mhz while gamee if you have this card download msus after burner or precision and watch the clock after a gaming session to make sure you card be overclco properly . I realy wish I could give this card 5 star because I Love EVGA and the gtx 680 card and the look of this card be all class but I can not deny issue this card be have with lock clock and it seem to be this model in particular . I be about to request rma for mine .
932	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	the card be cheaply make and do not overclock well at all . they also deny my rebate for some technicality and will not allow you to re-apply not that I should have to , I buy the piece of junk , wish that I have not now .
541	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	despite Amazon 's description above , this video card be not compatible with dvi-i connection . in several place on the outer packaging , it clearly state that this card be compatible with dvi-d , d-sub and hdmus , not dvi-i .
702	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I buy this video card to allow my aging but very capable pc to use a larger widescreen monitor . I also look forward to finally download my videotape to burn dvd or post bit online . the main problem : there be a serious driver issue between NVIDIA and Windows Vista that have never be resolve . it have affect many thousand of user of NVIDIA card , and I be amaze they have not do anything about it . the issue cause the screensaver to do something to Windows . it have cause my computer to freeze , require a hard reboot several time . and it require a long time to come out of screensaver mode every time -lrb- I have time it from 16 seconds up to 2 minute -rrb- . it also keep the monitor on , instead of turn it off for power-saver mode . it cause a error message to come up : `` Display driver nvlddmkm stop respond and have recover '' which be how I find out about the thousand of other with the same problem -lrb- google this message to see -rrb- . I have disabled screen saver as a workaround , and this do work -lrb- it shut off the monitor successfully now -rrb- . but I enjoy the slideshow of my pic and would have buy a different card if I would know . I spend hour research the problem , install driver , ensure my power supply be adequate and I have sufficient cooling , etc. before I finally get to this solution . second problem : this card be describe as have a s-video interface , and even come with a s-video cable . however , there be no s-video interface ! almost unbelievable , I know . again , I would not have buy this card if I would know that . Summary : yes , it be nice to have widescreen and higher resolution . no , I definitely would not buy this card again and I will likely avoid NVIDIA because they seem very careless about sell product with known problem .
263	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I have do a lot with this card , play all sort of game bf3 , Skyrim , AvA , mw3 , Alan Wake , Saints Row 2 & 3 , and the list go on . all have be on the highest setting without the need to OC the card . it give a realistic look to Skyrim that it be almost sickening . I can not even describe the great detail within the game . be a serious gamer , I have not have the need to OC the card and not much heat really come from it -lrb- in my opinion -rrb- , but I have a lot of fan move a lot of cool air into my tower .
813	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	buy this for a work computer run window 7 with the intention to switch away from d-sub to DVI , the card work in bio and when driver be not install , but when you install driver the DVI port fail , unfortunately i cant return it because the boss do not want to deal with shipping and replace it and take a mission critical machine down for the time it would take to get a replacement . note on this product , i be not in anyway say the seller be bad , and i will buy from he in the future , im just say this component be bad .
261	GraphicsCard	POS	4	Easy to install and Windows xp configure the card . update the driver and good to go . the price be right for my new hd monitor . I be not a gamer or movie watcher on my pc .
591	GraphicsCard	POS	4	will play all the game , maybe not at the highest detail . no complaint , i need a more powerful card so i return this one .
36	GraphicsCard	POS	5	Ok so some version of this card be slightly different , so I gather . my card -lrb- which I order from Amazon on 10\/1 roughly -rrb- be the Cayman chipset and have the 6970 bio preload on the the card by sapphire . all you have t0o do be save you bio -lrb- I get Trixx software from sapphire for free and it will ask you if you want to save you bio -rrb- and flick the switch to position 2 and pow 1536 unify shader . no further step necesarry . so to be clear this\/my version do unlock and although im not go to overclock until i get a new PSU it will overclock to better than a stock 6970 with no effort and less money . this be less than 10 % performance increase without overclock , just switch the bio , but hey its free ! the card stay very cool , I have a dell XPS 8300 stock case fan and psu -lrb- 460 watt although dell underate they power supplies -rrb- and this thing never get above 60 \* c. it fit into the case no problem , you just have to manuever it delicately . the fan get a little loud over 70 % but its really only becasue my pc be so quiet , and you really have to put it though its pace to get up to 70 % anyway -lrb- which i havent -rrb- . by the way the bio switch be miniscule , I mean tiny and its located to the right of the crossfire port . move the switch away from the crossfire port to put it into unlock position . its about 10.5-11 inch long and be really well make . Hope this help , also run Starcraft 2 at about 120 fp on ultra setting at 1440x900 , bad company 2 high setting 90 fp , crysis 1\/2 50-60 fp -lrb- all use frap and 1440x900 re . -rrb- bf3 beta look great and run with zero stutter although the beta be completly unreliable for fp benchmark . also get a free copy of Deus ex and Dirt 3 which you have to jump through hoop for but if you have a iphone or a webcam just take a picture of the box and they will email you the Steam code . Hope to see you on the battlefield ! Dell XPS 8300 i7-2600@3.4 sandy bridge 8 gb ram @ 13xx blu-ray player sapphire hd6950 2gb unlock to 6970 20 Inch LG monitor 1440x900 , 20 Inch Dell 1440x900 Logitech Extreme 3D pro joystick bose surrond
515	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	DOA ! the web site do not even have the product that I purchase . no rma support on the web site . I will not buy force3d graphic card in the future .
93	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	it be not enough that you spend the time read review and look over the information as best you can . you make the best choice for you buck and you still get the short end . while it could have be worse , I be not satisfy with this card description because it fail to mention the DVI connector be actually dvi-d . if you do not know which DVI cable you have you would be smart to figure it out . about 80 % of the DVI market be use dvi-i -lrb- intergrated -rrb- this mean this cable be backward compatiable to run both digital and analog video signal . this card however be dvi-d -lrb- digtal -rrb- so this mean it be not backward compatiable and a dvi-i cable will not work with this card . so you leave with two option 1 . hdmus or VGA . since I do not have a Mini HDMI to Standard HDMI male to male lay around I 'll have to purchase it . they be not expensive , it be just the idea of drag out a simple task like upgrade a video card from 20 minute to 7 day because I have get to wait for it to come in the mail , unless of course I want to pay three time the value and get the cable at best buy . these video card need to be lable accordingly so people be not waste time and money . have I know this be only a dvi-d card I would have look around until I find the correct card , but since it have no mark and 80 % of the market be still use dvi-i one might assume this card would be intergrate ? be it really too much to ask to put pertinant information like this on the friggin label or in the ad somewhere ... sheesh !
337	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I buy this to upgrade a older computer that have no graphic slot , so that I could use a wide-screen monitor that the integrate graphic could not support . it work well for that to some extent ; the option be good , the image be great . however , it be very slow , I think actually this be a limitation of the PCI slot . however , the thing that be the most aggravating be that it frequently blank out entirely , leave you with a black screen . it will usually return after a few seconds , but most web page will not return completely , until you mouse-over all the element . the easiest way to get the screen back be to switch window , and then switch back . this become very irritating after a few time , and you be leave sit wait for it to decide to refresh . I do not know whether there be any way to satisfactorily upgrade you graphic if all you have be a PCI slot , but bite the bullet and get a new pc be preferable to this .
725	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I have a HP DC5100 SFF PC I pick up surplus from the state of CA . this be a very stable and inexpensive business computer run a solo Pentium 4 HT 3.0 with 4gb ddr2 pc3200 -lrb- 400mz -rrb- Windows xp pro . I be look for a -lrb- pcus -rrb- silent , low profile video card so my daughter could play sims3 , Golden Compass and HALO combat evolve . -lrb- ok HALO be for I ... -rrb- . read spec on the card I be concern about the factory power supply of 240 watt . I run the power supply tool from Thermaltake and find the power supply to be just at the limit . Make sure and go into hardware manager and disable the mobo onboard video . this card meet expectation and keep I on budget + \/ - -lrb- $ 50.00 -rrb- . little choppy on high setting but run efforttlessly on medium . honestly I could not tell the difference . no heat issue as the factory HP DC5100 have three cool fan . I have have this card install for about a month and be very happy . I run two Viewsonic vx 924 monitor on extended desktop , work perfect . I use driver on supply SPARKLE disk . dvd playback look beautiful . very happy , thanks , sparkle , good product . would buy again !
633	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	for some reason , I just could not get this to work even after try two of these card and follow all the instruction to the t. I end up get the Gigabyte nVidia GeForce 210 1 gb ddr3 vga\/dvi\/hdmi pci-express Video Card gv-n210d3-1gus . that card work flawlessly and all I do be take the old card out and stick that one in and reboot .
561	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	even with relatively little GPU load , and this be on standard clock speed , the card would just shut off and I would be force to hard power off my computer . I try troubleshoot it , search forum for solution , but I find virtually nothing except a general consensus that I be send a dud card . I return it and buy a different card . I have hear good thing about Sapphire , and they be suppose to have one of the better 7850 card design , but once you send I a bad product , I do not really jump at the chance for you to send I another possibly bad one .
939	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	well they work well ... for about 25-30 day then they just die I keep get BSOD so now im head over to XFX as they seem to just be better quality and they seem to just have all around better support
112	GraphicsCard	POS	5	when I buy this , it be $ 165 , plus another $ 20 back in a mail-in rebate . for that amount of money , it be the best card you can buy . I have three monitor run a eyefinity display -lrb- one continuous display -rrb- to play Skyrim on three monitor , and I can play with the highest graphic setting without any lag . to install this card , I have to move my hard drive around so that the bay across from the pci-e port be open . this card be huge , but the cooling system be fantastic , and despite what some other review say , I can not hear the fan even on full unless I mute Skyrim . the install disc that come with the graphic card be corrupt , so I just download the software and driver from the Sapphire website . also , they do not tell you this , but you also get a free steam download of dirt 3 . it be 11gb , though , and I have not get to it yet ...
51	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	pro : it work as expect . con : it do not handle Windows 7 aero very well . if I have a aero theme on , all my screen get choppy . with aero off , my other screen behave well , but the usb2vgae2 one be still a little choppy . I also use a  mimo um-710 usb power 7 Inch Swivel lcd Screen Mini Display  the driver for the usb2vgae2 adapter be not compatible with the driver for my Mimo . because of this , I have to uninstall my Mimo . attempt to reinstall it make my Mimo work and the usb2vgae2 monitor fail . overall : it be a fair product and do what it advertise ... just not very well . you get what you pay for .
429	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I get this video card as a gift from a friend of mine and I only have my integrate graphic card before this and it make I play game so much easier . I mostly play a game call League of legend and I go from 15fp on all low setting to be able to play on all high setting if I want . I would not get it if you be a hardcore gamer or anything but I would recommend it to get smoother fp on not very demand game -lrb- like mmorpg game -rrb- on a older computer .
48	GraphicsCard	POS	5	although this card be purchase at Amazon late in July , the date manufacture be new and be the latest bio . boost clock be increase to 1215 mhz with the default setting of PrecisionX , and it demonstrate the wonderful performance . as a side note , since this card be improve the performance by over clock , the temperature of a card become a little high . it be better to balance GPU clock , room temperature and air flow from this reason . finally , thank you for this great card .
363	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	happen to find out the Sapphire card do not natively support for the max resolution of the most common 22 '' monitor . you have to settle with the low resolution for the picture ratio to be right . the Sapphire customer support seem to be totally ignorant\/arrogant , and can not provide any information other than `` this be you monitor 's issue '' . it be such a experience of frustration that I would say goodbye ever to sapphire\/ati
457	GraphicsCard	POS	5	the MERCHANDIZE arrive very fast . the CHARGE for SHIPMENT WAS very low the video card be more than expect thanks AMAZON for a great SERVICE JOSE
489	GraphicsCard	POS	4	I just get this yesterday . I have temporarily choose 4 star but will need to get it work before I can give it a final rating . the image show here seem to show both the old and new iteration of this model . the old version apparently have a black heatsink and a s-video port . the new version -lrb- which I receive yesterday -rrb- have a silver heatsink and a hdmus port . you 'll notice that when you view the image the viewer will only give you the little zoom tool -- magnifying glass with + character in the lens -- when view the up-to-date current pic . interestingly , though there be no longer a s-video port , the box I receive contain a s-video cable -- obviously a holdover . the kit also contain 2 low profile bracketss as well as 1 full size bracket that be attach to the card . the 2 low profile bracket be : 1 with DVI & HDMI cutout and then 1 with a db15 VGA cutout . the VGA port be connect by cable to the actual graphic card so if one have a low profile system with two open pcus slot next to each other then it would be possible to use both bracket -lrb- and hence , all three port -rrb- since the cable connect the VGA port be long enough to extend from the adjacent slot and plug into the card . FYI hopefully it will resolve happily but I be currently have trouble get it to work correctly . I be use the HDMI port but so far Windows start and then the screen go black after about 5 seconds of the opening sequence -lrb- in both Windows 7 64bit and Windows xp pro 32bit -rrb- I have just download and install new driver that be release a few day ago -lrb- 6\/1\/2011 -rrb- from nvidium 's website but so far I be only able to work in safe mode . another review mention follow the direction about bio setting but thus far I have not find any such direction though obviously will be continue my search . UPDATE : I get the card work correctly . I have overlook the fact the motherboard for the computer have integrate , onboard video capability and I need to go into the device manager and disable that after install the driver for this card while in safe mode .
639	GraphicsCard	POS	5	go on a month since i buy this graphic card and im really just enjoy myself , have the time of my life . definitely one of the best investment i have put into my pc .
826	GraphicsCard	POS	5	buy this for my newest build , want to build a pretty powerful machine , general use , office and such , no gaming , some video encoding . I just really want and like a fast pc . this card be use with my asrock z77 extreme6 and i7 3770k oc setup . Works great . love it for my dual monitor , which be a must have for a office pc use daily . anyone look at add dual monitor for almost any office pc will not regret the decision .
696	GraphicsCard	POS	5	upgrade from a 6950 to this . I be now able to crank up my game to `` ULTRA '' and get 60fp in almost every game I play . of course if you be even consider this card you already know how good it be .
255	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I have now have to send back two of these card . the first have a fan issue - a grinding\/crunching noise on the rear fan at 45-65 % speed . this could easily have be find in the factory with a simple fan test , so it imply very low quality control . the second I buy from a different retailer -lrb- hope they have better stock -rrb- , but no luck . the card be unstable -lrb- hard crash the computer -rrb- , would not overclock at all , and come with a stock voltage of 1.21 V. worse , the plastic protector on the shroud be hold together by bit of tape - it look like this card be return by someone , and then resell as ` new ' .
40	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	why would the product information not contain system requirement ? I order this to use with my MacBook , but right in the manual it state that window be require . if this have be in the product information I would not have order it Hope I do not have to pay return shipping !
864	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I have get a three monitor setup -lrb- 2 x 23 '' lead and 1 x 47 '' lcd -rrb- . the 47 '' be power by this adapter . installation to use take about five minute , with very simple instruction . it do exactly what it say . highly recommend .
645	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I be very excited switching from my previous sapphire 4870 to this new model , and at first very happy with the performance , huge gap as you can imagine . trouble start a few hour after with a first freeze while play , I start to wonder about my computer , test everything , remove some harddrive , RAM module -lrb- testing with mem86 -rrb- wipe and re-install driver , swithe from one pcie to another , nothing would do , I be still get random freeze , mostly while play but also on the desktop , also I would see display corruption come back from sleep mode . intersting point it happen really random , I try to stress my system with free software out there use all GPU ressource and even CPU and MEM ressource at the same time , no luck , unable to `` trigger '' the freeze ... switch back to my previous card , magic ! no more issue ... -lrb- switch several time between the two card , same symptom -rrb- therefore I have no doubt the problem come from the card -lrb- or some kind of incompatibility with my system -rrb- after a few day search for my problem on the internet I find a interesting topic talk about issue while dual screening -lrb- my case -rrb- more precisely while dual screening DVI + HDMI -lrb- my case -rrb- , I think great ! I find my problem , but sadly ... still no luck and still problem even with one screen . at this point I be wait for my rma number to return the card , I fear I may have the same problem with the new one if it be link to my hardware -lrb- x58 platform win7 64 bit -rrb- I do not know , but this be the first time I be have this kind of issue and I be quite upset with sapphire .
980	GraphicsCard	POS	5	install in a snap and work great ! run everything I have smoothly and at max setting . no driver issue like I have with my ATI card . one word of advice , however , if you buy this card from a place that offer extended warranty , do not do it . evga offer they own extended warranty at a much cheaper price . I would certainly buy this card again . also Amazon shipping be great as usual . I choose the 1 day option since this be a `` emergency '' replacement and they have it at my doorstep within 24 hour on a Saturday . this be a win win purchase !
72	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	cause random computer lock up , if there be any audio while this occur , it will loop continuously until you do a hard shutdown . even with this problem , on some occasion I can still play game without lock up . seasonic 560w i5-3450 @ 3.1 Asus P8H77-M pro sapphire radeon hd 7850 Kingston 2x4gb ddr3-1333 Western Digital Caviar Black 1TB Windows 7 64-bit Google these term : Radeon 7970 computer hard lock with sound loop 7xxx Series AMD card : freeze and lock up
536	GraphicsCard	POS	4	love this card , this thing can play the latest game without break a sweat ... literally , the heat off this thing be minimal . professional user that rely on CUDA and iRay trace beware ... the precision float processing on this card be significantly lower than that of a gtx 580 . -lrb- nerd that do big computation on they GPU may be a bit disappointed , yes there be more CUDA core the core just do not handle as many float point -rrb- and those that want enhance performance on Autodesk 3D Studio Max and such will be SOL untill NVIDIA fix they iray program for the new Kepler chip . other than that its a wonderful card , but the deficiency catch I a little off guard as I expect next generation to be better in all situation ... some forum suggest NVIDIA have do this on purpose to boost sale of they Quadro and Tesla card ... : p say it aint so ! note : one other disappointing thing be that if you enjoy the software badaboom -lrb- gpu enhance video transcoding -rrb- you will be sad to hear that badaboom do not support this chip , and will not be release any new version for this ... : -lrb-
758	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I uprgade my xp to Windows 7 and be in need of a pcus graphic card to provide win 7 feature and DVI output . the Sparkle card satisifed my need , as it provide a DVI output , and have sufficient performance for my need -lrb- I be not as gamer -rrb- .
277	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this card be easy to install in my lian-li standard atx case . it require 2 6-pin pci-e power connector from the power supply , so make sure those be available . the card run much cooler than my previous Nvidia 9800gtx + . the fan rarely spin up past 50 % , so it stay quiet . accord to other product review , this card also have very low power consumption , drop down to less than 10 watt at idle . it run game just fine . battlefield 3 work on Ultra setting on 1680x1050 . unfortunately my aging core 2 duo e6600 be not enough to run Battlefield smoothly in large game . but I do not blame the video card . I would say this card be a great value . interesting choice of output , one DVI , one hdmus , and one minus displayport . the only real negative for this product be that there be no dongle or adapter be include , so I have to seperately purchase a hdmus to DVI dongle in order to hook up my second monitor , since both of my monitor be older and only have DVI input .
274	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	install this ` graphic ' card on my AMD quad 9600 Phenom equipped pc . go from a old GeForce 9500GT w\/512mb of video RAM to this soup up AMD Radeon hd6450 w\/2 gb of video RAM . be thinking I would increase my WEI by a few point -lrb- from 6.1 on the old card to something higher -rrb- . install the latest driver and control . my graphic index be now 4.3 . try several graphic and there be no difference between the old card and the new . a total waste of time and money . would not recommend this card if they be give it away .
853	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	when the card work , it be amazing . you can run any almost any game out there on max setting and the card will not even break a sweat . HOWEVER , EVGA have have a rough time with the 670 . quality control be terrible , and many people be end up with bad 670 's from EVGA . when I receive this card , it work for a very short time , then die . I know my brand new computer be fine because I put the card into another computer and the same exact thing happen with the card in the other rig . the 670 itself be a excellent card and I would definitely buy a 670 over a 680 because you almost get the same performance for quite a bit less . my 1 star review be towards the poor quality of EVGA 's 670 , seeing that there be too many dud get ship out to eager pc gamer . do yourself a favor , avoid EVGA 's gtx 670 . you do not want to end up go through the rma process and wait a extra two week to get you card back . I do not buy this product from amazon , but I do think amazon shopper 's deserve a fair warning about this card .
370	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	no free game ! no lifetime warranty ! why vendor feel the need to lie to they customer be beyond I . EVGA have lose my business for life so they could make one sale . the sad thing be I still would have buy it without the fraudulent promise . the card work like you would expect , too hot and too loud compare to AMD , but better driver support -lrb- no stuttering -rrb- and slightly better general performance . if I have to do it over , I would go for the 580 from another vendor or wait until next spring for the next gen chip .
413	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	purchase this for a older computer for a friend of mine , driver keep crash . when try to play mediocre game , image be scramble , very nice , not sure if it be card or motherboard incompatability , who know . if not it 'll make great target .
740	GraphicsCard	POS	4	I get this card because a friend buy 2 not realize how big they really be . I be take a star for the fact that it feel completely cheap . I have get a xfx 7970 black edition which feel sturdy and wont even flex when you push it into the slot ; however , this one bend as if I be go to break it put minimal amount of pressure on it . that say though I be impressed !!!! the card be over clock friendly beyond belief , and it be cool as can be . there be a slight whine to it when you have it at 80 % fan speed or above , but its weird cause you can barely hear the fan , just a whine . I have get 65-70 fp at just a slight overclock in bf3 , where the xfx card can only hit a solid 60 . this card will get hot if I put it in the first PCI slot with the xfx below it , which be not surprising . all in all , I be quite worried about all the review claim it ship bust , but be quite happy when it work like a charm ! I get it replace my xfx card until I can get my hand on a beefier power supply but when I do crossfire it with the xfx card I be get a huge improvement over just a single card . I be completely impress with this card , just wish it have a little more of a backbone and be not so cheaply make . I 'll update if thing go wrong but as of now I would be happy to purchase another one of these card .
144	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	arrive without a guide or documentation of any sort , inside or out , opposite of encouraging review by mr b above that specifically mention a guide . -lrb- ? be this a return ? ? OEM ? be not list as such . ? do the vendor even look in the box ? -rrb- driver installation exit with hopeless message . nVidia knowledgebase have only trouble report , no on-line guide . resort to live Chat , get lead around the barn a few time by someone work out of a script notebook . finally quit chat and figure it out myself . not a newbie . what must they go through ?
234	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	really disappoint in performance of this video card . screen be very fuzzy and driver be not allow customization of refresh rate for my Princeton monitor . unfortunately , the default datum it retrieve be incorrect for my monitor . result be poor display quality . would not purchase again . Works good w \/ Linux driver in Ubuntu .
558	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i have the XFX 5870 and it be a beast . this be the first card that i have get that could compete with it . the gtx 580 be a joke and slower than my old card . the hd 5970 be the same performance level . i start think that maybe my processor be bottleneck the performace . the new 7970 actually get better framerate . not by a mile but good enough . i be look at a 25 % performance gain with the stock driver , and a pcus express 2.0 . in a few month i 'll upgrade the processor and motherboard , and the update driver will be out and it should get even better framerate . but that remain to be see . will update when the magic happen .
670	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	the card work flawlessly for long period of time but during long session of 3d gameplay , it eventually start show the screen in the wrong color -lrb- mostly pink -rrb- and the screen flash black intermittently . this be the second of this exact card that I have get after return the first one to Amazon . manually increase the card fan speed to a where the noise start to get noticeable make the problem happen less often and underclocking by 50 mhz seem to have fix it . I be think about return it as soon as a figure out what alternative I have .
981	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I be use this card for civilization V. this do not make any slow down and improve my game experience . and I have no see a fan of this card work , I mean , this card be very quiet .
759	GraphicsCard	POS	5	work great out of the box for video via the hdmus connection when connect to a Mitsubishi 73 '' hdtv . to get hdmi audio to work , I have to download the latest audio driver from the Realtek -lrb- not Visiontek -rrb- site .
751	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	I buy this card to replace a old MSI 512mb card . I figure it be time to upgrade because most game would lag on I in high detail . after look around , I find this card . unfortunately for I , I make the mistake of assume that 2gb of ddr3 ram would increase my performance . my old card get a 4.1 on the WEI . this card , to my surprise , only increase by .2 point . I be so upset , mainly because my old card have cost I only 35 $ . I would not recommend this card to anyone because for the same price you can get a card that get a 6.7 on the WEI and cost $ 60 as well .  he radeon hd 6570 iceq 1 gb -lrb- 128bit -rrb- ddr3 hdmus dvi-d -lrb- hdcp -rrb- VGA PCI Express x16 2.1 Video Card -lrb- h657qo1g -rrb-  I strongly recommend this instead .
320	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I buy this , so that I could have 2 DVI 20 '' monitor . the performance tank the moment I put it in . Windows 7 Aero drop the score to 2.9 for my video output . I be return this . I be try to find a better card now !
693	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	I purchase this video card , but it be not compatible with my system . this be a 3.3 volt which will not work on my 1.5 v. the specification do not give you that detail . I be sure it be a great product , but just a fyus , to check you volt .
637	GraphicsCard	POS	4	I buy this so that I could connect the hdmus output to my HGTV . it work great for that purpose but , it be not up to current game ' need . it be really slow for gaming - I will have to use 2 graphic card , one for the hdtv and one for gaming .
237	GraphicsCard	POS	5	I get my evga 560 TI 448 in earlier today and just get finish install it . it replace a EVGA gtx 280 . I uninstall the nVidia driver , reboot to safe mode and run DriverCleaner . reboot to Windows 7 and d\/l ` ed the 266.66 and the 285.62 to test which be better . I begin to install the 285.62 and it could not find a support device , same with the 266.66 . sooo , I actually resort to use the CD setup and it work like a charm . I be get a 24.8 fp avg in Unigen Heaven with the 280 on dx10 with a score of 625 . I run the same setting with the 560 and hit 40.8 fp avg with a score of 1029 . I have not touch the clock yet so I can not comment on the O.C. I usually do not O.C. my video card anyway . my system be a e8500@4ghz run 4gig of ddr2 ocz reaper @ 800mhz . not sure if it be bottleneck yet . evga be great with a replacement I have about 3 year ago so I feel confident in the selection . I be still not certain if the price increase be worth it for the extra core and memory , but we will see .
683	GraphicsCard	POS	5	three of my son and I have be play SWTOR since release and have a blast . however keep three gaming machine update be always expensive . when a friend offer a i920 & mb at a good price I jump at it . after install the frame rate really be not much better than he 3.06 GHz Pentium dual core ... yea they be a little better but it be apparent the older 8800 gt -lrb- 640 -rrb- be the bottleneck . I spend the past two week read everything online about this , the 7770 , 7750 , 6850 , GTX 560 -lrb- se and non -rrb- the 550 Ti etc. . . I want to make sure he could run high setting @ 1080p and stay well above 30 fp in warfront and in the station . there have be report of AMD card have issue in the station so I be a little worried but decide that this look to offer the best bang for the buck . the purchase be definitely the right decision . I install the card today and with the i920 at stock speed we have not see the FPS drop below 35 with everything set to max and it be average about 60 . the lighting , the shadow , aa everything look beautiful and so far the 12.3 driver be stable -lrb- he have be play about 4 hour straight now -rrb- . in most of the world it be run 70-100 fp and it be actually cooler -lrb- temp wise -rrb- than the old 8800 GTS . I actually think the 2d , text be crisper , look better as well . we have not try it with any other game as I just rebuild the system but I have full confidence it will run whatever we throw at it well . as a long time , since the original Riva TNT -lrb- STB Velocity 4400 anyone ? -rrb- , Nvidia ogre this card have make I reconsider that bias . I be definitely go to consider AMD card for the other system as well ... kudos to AMD and Sapphire on a great card . score higher than the average 6870 on PassMark G3D mark as well , 2939 which be close to the average of a gtx 470 . if you be look for something to play current game at 1080p , most game at high , with room to grow I would highly recommend this card .
