index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
771	Headphone	NEG	2	i recently receive the above list product , and it work fine at first . but when i unplugged it and then plug it back in later , it would not work . i try put in battery , still nothing . the headset seem to work ok . i only seem to get spanish station , witch i do not think be there fault , but i find it worth mention . while it be work , i have great reception thru out my house , my computer be upstairs and i be in the basement . one other thing that bother I be that whenever you have it on the radio mode , and you put you hand near the left ear piece , it would get very distorted , and would sometimes change station all together . which , consider you have to keep hit the scan button to find a good station , be really suckish .
993	Headphone	POS	5	its neat ! a set of very comfortable headphone , which completely surround and caress you ear ! incredibly lightweight consider the size ! I wouldnt really like to compare these with bose or the likes , since Sennheiser be know to make some really quality stuff . I try a variety of music use these , range from soft classical to pop to some really embellished music ... and with each genre I realize that with this pair of Sennheiser , I hear the subtler tune and finer point which I didnt know exist . thankfully , the unit come with a cord winder as a beltclip attachment , which will save you the trouble of tag along the extra wire or stuff part of the 6 ft cord into you pocket . I wasnt too happy about the fact that I could hear myself nice and loud when singing along even softly with the music -lrb- would have be pleasant if I have a good voice ! -rrb- but on the brighter side , its as good as Karaoke , aint it ?? weigh the cost to delivery ratio ... I would definitely recommend it !
574	Headphone	NEG	2	the headphone work really well out of the box , with better sound quality than the earbud that come with the iphone . however , I experience malfunction of the volume control after a indoor run on the treadmill -lrb- 10k -rrb- ; perhaps some moisture get into the wiring ? after dry , it again become functional . a rather unexpected problem , since one of the tout quality be water resistance . outdoor running do not seem to cause the same problem . it happen again after a shorter run -lrb- 5k -rrb- , again on the treadmill indoors . I guess the sweat get into the control stick and temporarily render it nonfunctional . overall , I get less than what I expect from a rather pricy headset .
635	Headphone	NEG	2	I receive this item rather fast , honestly forget I even order it . I do not know if I should trust it or not consider other review I have see about it . I open the package , connect it and hope for the best and to my surprise it work as expect . I could pause , play , shuffle , go to next , previous , etc. , all with the exception of the volume control because I be use it on a android device . I be happy with it initially but I know something be go to go wrong the moment I touch it . the build on the adapter be not all that great . the line feel weak and flimsy but the button all seem solid enough . I know from the start that I have to take good care of it to avoid it break but even my extreme caution could not help it from break . two day after I receive it the line come to the point where I have to turn it to the perfect angle to get good audio out of it and avoid move it at all cost . that be the problem though , you have to move the adapter in order to use the function -lrb- volume , play , pause , etc. -rrb- after a while no matter what angle I would turn it too all I could hear be faint screech . I figure I get what I pay for and toss it in the pile of worthless thing . my advice would be to look for a better product out there and avoid this one if possible . I give it two -lrb- 2 -rrb- star simply because it do what it be suppose to do but the lifespan be incredibly bare . with that be say I hope you do the smart thing and look past this item . I be pretty sure there be greater product out there that be well worth the price .
568	Headphone	POS	4	this be a very good headset , small , good sound & very good price , I can not believe who pay hundred of $ $ $ for headset , because all speaker lose sound quality overtime .
610	Headphone	POS	5	I buy the in-ear headphone look at the review post here and be I glad that I do . . the in-ear headphone be really good . I doubt if I can buy anything like it compare to the price I pay for it . one reason for I to buy it be because it have a support that make the in-ear headphone cling on to the ear and not fall of while run . try use traditional headphone earlier and it will just not stick on my ear . just after run couple of step the traditional headphone would fall off but these wont . . so happy with the buy . . BTW the sound output be really good for a good hour of music . . the more you burn -lrb- use -rrb- the headphone the better sound it give . I will not be hold responsible if someone will literally burn the headphone . ; -rrb-
509	Headphone	NEG	2	Klipsch make decent audio equipment , there be no deny that . however I be not sure what the design engineer be think when the idea for `` rugged '' headphone come up . there really be nothing rugged about these headphone . when you think rugged you think durable and build to last . the only thing that be rugged about these headphone be the big ass control panel . sure it be large enough so you can precisely control the volume or song selection with glove on if you work on a construction site for example . the problem with the big button be that if you plan on run with these , the control panel be so large that it flop all over the place . yes there be a cord clip include with these so you can clip the cord to you clothes if run but the cord be design in such a way that the control panel be above the clip so it just flop all over loose . this design flaw cause two thing to happen . first when the control panel be flop all over the place the constant tension cause the earbud to come out of you ear . nothing interrupt a good run like earbud constantly fall out . secondly because the control panel be so big and floppy , the result noise from this constant tug tension transfer up the cord to you ear , thus severely drown out you music . so even though you buy good quality earbud , you can not hear they because of this . if the engineer ever try these on before release to the public they must have do so in a non active environment . clearly none of they ever run in they otherwise there be no way they would have be design this way . I would not recommend these for run earbud , I would recommend the bose . they stay in the ear just fine and sound great .
516	Headphone	NEG	2	pro : - around the head design prevent `` headphone hair '' . - okay for casual listen where volume level be low . con : - sound be below par , equivalent to cheapie headphone . distortion at moderate bass and volume level . - noise canceling be mostly non-existent . it drown out about 50 % of the hum of a loud computer fan . do not noise-cancel anything else . - the noise cancel `` stick '' be huge . it measure 5 `` x0 .75 '' -lrb- lxw -rrb- . - the ear hook start to irritate after prolonged use . comment : if you be look for quality sound and noise canceling , move along , these headphone be not for you . they be okay for casual , at the office-type , low-volume , without the worry of headphone hair listen .
866	Headphone	NEG	2	there be just something about these headphone that do not sound right to I . I have another pair of throw-away earbud from skullcandy and those sound a lot better . I be hope that I would like it as it be a good price point but it look like I 'll be donate it to goodwill soon . : \
393	Headphone	NEG	2	with no mode setting -lrb- repeat , shuffle , etc -rrb- or shock protection , this cd player be pretty undesirable , but if you be just look for something to hold you over then this 'll do . it have all the basic feature of a cd player of course and it work alright . it could be with just mine , but every pair of headphone , new and old , that I use with it , the left begin to malfunction although when use those same headphone in another cd player or speaker , they work fine . like I say , if you just want a temporary thing then I guess this be good for you .
438	Headphone	NEG	1	the headphone break in two on the third use . probably just bad luck , but I return it as well as the second headphone I order for my husband . return the item be painless , thanks so much .
963	Headphone	POS	4	Great for run and cycling - the earphone do not budge no matter how much move you do . basic exercise like run and cycling do nothing to shake they . there be a part that go over the ear like a web that be make of soft rubber material which be a key feature for its comfort and prolonged wearability . these be not exactly audiophile earphone , but you get use to they . if you mp3 player have a user adjustable eq then all the better . I have hear better earphone , but these be pretty good . clearly some compromise have be make , but they seem to have come out on the good side of acceptable . they do not rest flatly in the cavum concha , brace by the tragus and antitragus , as with standard fontopoid style phone , but be instead hold in place by the plastic band at a inwardly direct angle . this be a step in the right direction in term of comfort and stayputiveness . it seem that because they sit halfway outside the cavum concha , the phone be make larger for greater efficiency and output to make up for the slightly increase distance from the ear canal . I think they be a little bit too big , but again it take get use to the position as well as the audio range . the yellow wire be a nice aesthetic touch , but the black jacket on both the 1\/8 '' plug feel like they might pull right up the wire when remove they from the player or the volume control . have to be careful with they ... overall they be a very clever design which have in my opinion completely solve the problem of earphone migration . never again will I reach up during a blissful run to shove that fontopoid back into my ear , and I be look forward this summer to take it fully for grant . if the next generation of these headphone have slightly smaller earbud with more exotic sound quality , I 'll promptly wear they .
140	Headphone	NEG	1	I be not sure if it be because I live in a appartment building or because I have power line outside my living room window -lrb- I live on the 2nd floor so they be right at my level -rrb- or if people in my neighborhood use a lot of 900mhz phone but the sound quality be simply awful . my only purpose be to be able to play game on my xbox without bother anybody else so I be not even talk about a audiophile seek crystal clear and rich sound , a decent sound clarity would have enough for I . sit no more than 7ft from my tv , sound get cut-off and the static go from bad to unbearable when you adjust the dial on the base . same result with regular tv broadcast and when plug into my laptop playing music . I do not know if the product be bad or if my environment make it work poorly but if you be consider this brand\/model make sure you have the ability to return it ! I guess I 'll go back to my previous solution : standard headphone with a 15ft extension cable , which be fine since I do not need to be move around .
403	Headphone	NEG	1	title say it all . they last a month and , as other user have notice , they make noise whenever you move . every step I take could be hear through the headphone . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND .
995	Headphone	NEG	1	anyone say these earphone have a good sound must have very low standard ! they have absolutely `` no BOTTOM END '' at all . I DJ for a living and play all type of music and can appreciate good sound quality . these have neither good sound quality , nor any bass at all . I do not expect they to have the same sound quality as a $ 200 pair , but these do not even compare with `` stock '' earphone , let alone aftermarket . I actually think someone have be mess with my mp3 player and turn the bass off . to my surprise , the bass be turn all the way up . I 'll admitt , I do love a good rich bass sound , nothing muddy or `` boomy '' , just bass and drum the way they suppose to sound . these earphone do not even have the slighest hint of bass as far as I could tell . they do not impress I in the upper end either . mostly all I hear be mid 's . Kinda like the sound that come from a cheep alarm clock . well I guess I 'll keep try until I hit the `` SWEET '' spot that I be look for . maybe a good pair of shure or ultimate ear eb or pro . but you can rest assure , it will not be another pair of sony 's .
76	Headphone	POS	5	love these headphone . the sound quality be great and they really be comfortable , just unable to adjust they down to fit my head , I guess I have a smaller head . headphone fit my teens fine . however , that be minor and I have make do . I would buy they again and of course recommend they for any one who want great quality headphone for a reasonable price . Great for holosync usage ... they make a difference in what you hear .
42	Headphone	NEG	1	I would not recommend this product for several reason . first , it be very inconvenient to install or remove the battery . second , it be very cumbersome to line up the connector on the headset with its mate on the charge stand . and lastly , the maximum volume obtainable on the headset be too low even with the battery fully charge .
656	Headphone	POS	4	when I get these first , they be excellent ! Philips have not let I down before . the sound be rich with great bass , but I will say that they hurt my ear for about a week . after that I get use to the feel of they . as for durability , they last about a year , now there be only one phone working . of course , if I fiddle with the wire I can get both work , but I can not bring they anywhere anymore . I really do like these though , so its a pity .
28	Headphone	NEG	1	this product be just terrible . they be confuse to set up and once you set they up they hardly work . I have spend copious amount of time look for good headphone and when I get these i have hope this would have be my lucky break , it be not . they have terrible connection , and they do not hug the ear . the constant static noise be unbearable . I think i have spend more time try to tune they than I have be use they . I wish that these headphone be wire there be actually more wire and less freedom involve with this than wire headphone . let I get to the pro and con pro : comfortable Wireless Battery life con : constant static noise more wire involve do not hug the ear hard to set up short range Ambiguous and even incomprehensible instruction battery must be replace tune it be a hassle the major problem be that even if you get the perfect tune there be still a static noise in the backaround
624	Headphone	POS	5	I be a 58 year old male who usually do not write review . however , I feel the desire to write one about the aforementioned can . simply put , they be outstand ! I have be involve with music as a guitar player & `` Blues '' and `` NON-commercial Rock & Roll '' lover since the age of 13 , and very much like `` Metal '' . quality reproduction be a must for I . not just volume , but spatial headroom & tonal quality . these can do this very well ! I have use cheaper can just because I hate ear bud . while they work , they be not quality can . at christmas-time 2010 , my wife ask I what I want for a gift from she & I say a new set of good headphone . as she be not into electronics , she tell I to pick a pair . I go on-line & research they , as well as go to the store to listen to they . at the time , I be certain I want bose . of course ! they commercial say they be the best ... that must be what I need ! I go to best buy & listen to a higher end set & think `` something be miss ! while the price say they be the best , what I be hearing say otherwise . '' so I email they , ask for frequency response & be tell they do not publish they as they be not that important ! Hmmm ... while I agree that what you hear be more important than number , I still want the number ! then I listen to a set of senheiser . Night & day difference ! go on line to Amazon.com -lrb- because I trust they -rrb- & order a set of hd 280 pro 's . what you hook they up to & the quality of the recording you be listen to DOES MATTER ! after all , they `` reproduce sound '' , they do not `` generate sound '' ! they will sound better wire to a quality home audio system play vinyl -lrb- or yes ... even a cd ! -rrb- than when connect to a ipod play a mp3 ! -lrb- for many reason , which be not the topic of this review ! -rrb- the headroom from this set of can be OUTSTANDING ! the low-end frequency be quality ... not muddy and not distort . mid for voice and most instrument be clean & clear and the high be very crisp and clean ... not painful as with some can . you can pick out vocal on Pink Floyd mix that you have neaver hear before ! and Gilmore 's lead ... WOW ! thd be , for all intent and purpose , non-existant ! Seperation be as good as the recording will allow . noise be as quiet as be you system ... and if there be any on you system , you will hear it ! this set of can be not make for noise-reduction -lrb- noise-cancelling -rrb- , but as they be `` close can '' , they do a good job . I could only rate they as 3 star for longevity , simply because I have only have they a short time . however I will say , they seem `` quality '' in material . be they the best headphone for my use ? hell no , because I can not afford $ 1,000.00 to $ 1,500.00 for `` the best '' ! but if I could , they would be mark `` Sennheiser '' , and I would buy they through Amazon.com ! for what I can afford to pay , I love them !
555	Headphone	POS	5	I be great fan of bose . I try Dr. Dre as well . I buy and return bose some time back . it be very uncomfortable and the sound be distort . Dr. Dre be design for only one kind of music , it can not play classical . there a 50 % off offer for Dr. Dre . I almost buy it . for some reason I go thru the review . when some one suggest these can . do some more research and i know instantly new i want these headphone . I be in India on vacation . somehow i need these can . could not wait . order they and make arrangement to bring it to India . for reason beyond my grasp these be not available here . I be not disappoint at all . it do justification to all kind of music . though the Bass be little low . may be that be from my experience from previous headphone . as I play it more and more they sound even better . I recommend this one for any music lover who like to listen unmodified music . do not fall for enhance bass headphone .
464	Headphone	POS	5	I buy these head phone for my portable dvd player and the sound be crystal clear , the great design let for comfortable listen
988	Headphone	POS	4	I have have this item for almost 5 month and have have no major cause of wear and tear . it be work perfectly . pro : it be a very useful device for iPhone\/MacBook 's most recent generation . it do exactly what a normal iPhone headphone do , but with the add benefit of use it on any headphone . con : I replace my iPhone with a Samsung Galaxy Nexus and it do not work on the phone . it be really disappointing , but that be the difference between how Samsung and Apple make they headphone jack .
299	Headphone	POS	5	these be awesome ! you can listen to you tv , stereo , etc. from almost anywhere ! even if you outside or on a different floor . this thing transmit through door , wall , floor , other people , anything ! -lrb- I think it be range be about 100 foot -rrb- plus , you control the volume . so , you can crank up the volume and be in you bedroom list to the cd in the living room ! you can move around , too , and there be no interruption .
510	Headphone	NEG	1	poor quality , do not fit a tall person -lrb- 6 ' 6 '' -rrb- lose sound just move away from transmitter . headset hard to replace on charger . wish I could get my money back on these . these be not a better idea from sony for sure !! I would not give it 1 star except amazon require you to rate it , how about allow half a star ?
321	Headphone	POS	5	I reccommend they to all who want a nice pair of headphone at a great price , I own three pair of they for different member of my family . my twelve year old daughter love they . great quality and sound .
810	Headphone	POS	4	they be ship and receive when promise . the sound be very good . the only negative be the cost to send they to I -lrb- postage be way out of line -rrb-
455	Headphone	NEG	2	the lack of detail be annoy with these headphone . . a example would be while listen to a acoustic jazz album it be almost impossible to differentiate the cymbal from the rest of the instrument . .
760	Headphone	NEG	1	this product be such a disappointment . it only work intermitently . at time it word half way work , but the volume be so low it be difficult to hear . the problem start immediately . I have onw this product less than 1 month and would not buy it again . I can not reccommend this product to anyone .
614	Headphone	POS	5	for the price that you can get these headphone here on Amazon , they simply can not be beat by any competitor . they have excellent sound quality right out of the box that you would expect to get from a more expensive pair of headphone . the high be extremely clear on these phone and there be ample bass that punch through in almost any song . they do leak quite a bit of noise so they be not for those in which privacy be a concern . they get loud as well and barely distort at all . they rest on the ear nicely and be very lightweight . pro : excellent price , great sound quality , comfort , style . con : noise leakage -lrb- not a problem for those not concerned though -rrb- overall : if you be look for a quality pair of behind-the-neck headphone , the Sennheiser pmx60 's be a awesome pair that you can get for a a great price .
978	Headphone	NEG	1	I have have these headphone for about two year . I want everyone to know that the sound be extraordinary . I still to this day have to check when listen that the volume be not turn up with my wife try to sleep . the sound be as close to sit in a movie theater as you be probably go to get . without the vibration of course . they be everything you could want in realistic sound , comfort , and battery life . this be where my accolade end however . I have notice another review say that he break at the swivel point where they adjust to the shape of you head . the same thing happen to I after about a year . when that happen they just kind of dangle from the head unit -lrb- oh , and yes , I be very careful with they -rrb- of course this seem to happen after the warranty have expire . well , I have refuse to reward the manufacturer for poor engineering at this point by another purchase . I use epoxy glue and bit of plastic to effect a repair . this be not bad but I also find that duct tape around that have help as well . I have be use they for about a year now . still great sound ! but if you be plan on buy these I think the manufacture could at least include some epoxy glue and duct tape with the purchase . they look stupid perhaps on my head but the sound be great !
351	Headphone	POS	5	we buy this so we girl could listen to music and here the audio on dvd 's at the same time during a long car trip . it allow they to hear without my wife and I `` listen in . ''
486	Headphone	POS	5	just get these pair of headphone for my office , base on my husband 's recommendation . these be light , comfortable and very good quality , suitable for long duration use . one of the problem I have face with some other headphone : 1 . too big to fit on my head and keep dangle . 2 . Start hurt my head or ear after some time . 3 . audio quality suck . these have a snug fit for head of any size and do not hurt or irritate at all . love they .
623	Headphone	NEG	1	not sure why , give Sennheiser 's reputation for \* high quality \* product , but the \* buzz \* from \* two different set of headphone \* for my Sennheiser HDR 180 , along with the r 170 backup headset I get really annoy I !! come to find out after wonder why , I twist off the removable earcup -lrb- use to access the battery -rrb- and both the r 180 \* and \* the r 170 have distort diaphragm ! they do not even play that loud , so what be with the low quality ?? pro : + the wireless function actually work con : - pay too much - listen too little - disappointed too much ! verdict : I be return the whole thing plus extra r 170 headphone , not worth the hassle !
98	Headphone	POS	5	it be great especially for the price . I enjoy this earbud .
930	Headphone	NEG	2	the only good thing of this product be the reasonable price , and the case go with it . the sound quality , as many people mention in the review , it very poor . you have to turn on the noise cancel function to hear a bearable sound , which be ridiculous . do not even mention the noise canceling , since it be not effective at all . I use it on two flight , and it only reduce about 20 % of the engine noise . it be way worse than the bose one , but consider the price , it make sense ... I do not recommend this product .
424	Headphone	NEG	1	unless you be man with very large ear , these ear hook will do nothing for you . everyone in my office try these on and only a guy with abnormally large ear could keep they on for more than a few seconds .
25	Headphone	NEG	1	this be my first post on amazon and I often read all of the review before purchase . OMG , these headphone be very overatted and I be not understand the other reviewer comment about how superior they be . the speaker be cheap , sound be no better than a $ 25.00 set . I guess if you want to be associate with gaga then buy they , otherwise seriously consider another brand . I waste my time , please dont do the same . these be a valentine present to my wife and I be embarrassed that I give they to she as we listen to the cheap headphone compare to the $ 100 one and think the cheap one beat the GAGA 's out .
727	Headphone	NEG	2	see all of the great review and get these recommend by a friend , I decide to buy they . I be very disappointed when i plug they in and listen to they . there be almost no bass on these headphone . these headphone have very good treble tone and you can hear every detail of what you be listen to . they be also comfortable . but there be very very weak bass . this be the case when plug they into my computer , my turntable , and my guitar amp -lrb- even while i be play a bass with the bass knob all the way up and everything else down -rrb- , so I think I have to blame it on the headphone . i will be return these headphone and look for a new pair .
911	Headphone	NEG	2	these be not adjustable in any way . the speaker part be so huge and the hook be too big to fit snugly over my ear to keep they in place . after about 20 minute I be have to take they off they hurt so bad . I would return they if I could ! love the Nike Vapor white plastic one . very adjustable and lightweight .
155	Headphone	POS	5	I be so glad I purchase a set of headphone from Sennheiser . other noise be block out while the information -lrb- music or reading -rrb- come through clearly ! I would recommend they for anyone who want clear , distinct sound .
209	Headphone	POS	4	I go thru several brand , and a lot of cash , try to find that combination of function and form . these earbud come with 3 size of ` ear plug ' , and the small one actually fit . what a relief ! I take a while , but I finally find a pair of earbud that fit and sound great ! I have be listen to my mp3 player everywhere from work to the beach of Cancun , and have be extremely happy with the sound quality and comfort . you will not be disapppoint if you buy these .
620	Headphone	NEG	2	I see the Skullcandy Dub earbud at target the other day on sale for $ 5 . I be originally plan on get the Ink would -lrb- which I have use before and like -rrb- as a temporary replacement pair for a much higher end pair that have lose sound in one ear , but they be $ 16 and , accord to the sale clerk , the Dubs be better . so it be a no-brainer . I buy two pair of the Dubs . I wish I have not . now I would much rather pay the extra $ 5 for just one pair of Ink ` ds . here why : the dub be muddy . they have lot of bass . too much of it , actually . it make my ear hurt . and it really drown out the mid , which sort of halfheartedly linger in the background . the high be also quite muddy , except for the occasional `` s '' , which produce a harsh sibilance that rattle you spine . there be almost no sound separation , and drum sound like they be come out of the next room . however , for $ 5 I really can not complain . but if you be pay any more than that I would not recommend buy this pair . instead , go for the Ink 'd , which have a much more balanced sound .
164	Headphone	NEG	2	I really love these headphone , but after a couple of month use they for my run , they up and die . as other have report here , they do not seem to deal with sweat very well after time . if you be not go to exercise in they , then they be nice , otherwise , look elsewhere .
804	Headphone	POS	5	the good : absolutely amazing sound quality that outweigh all problem , extremely comfortable the Bad : typical drawback of open headphone , not very portable , mess up you hair I get these headphone while look to upgrade from some much cheaper folding one . my neighbor have a pair of they , and after try they out I order my own a day later . so far , I have be nothing but amaze by they . before these I be use to listen on my $ 10 headphone ; they absolutely blow I away and show I what I be miss in my music . obviously the main selling point of the hd-555 be sound quality . these phone be at or near audiophile quality and reproduce any kind of music excellently . they do not have ton of bass like some headphone , but be use to much cheaper headphone it be plenty for I . the first time I try they I be blow away by how amazing my music suddenly sound ; the quality be definitely worth the price . they also apparently use special technology to provide excellent directional sound , which let they basically act like wearable surround sound , good for gaming . it sound like whatever you be listen to be come from all around you ear , not just on top of they . the other big plus be comfort . I wish I could wear these all the time and never take they off ; it be easy to forget they be even on you head . the ear pad fit on you head perfectly -lrb- assume you do not have huge ear -rrb- and there be a extra pad on the headband , so it be basically like wear a pillow . they do not clamp on you head uncomfortably or get hot , either ; it be no problem at all wear they for hour at a time . the open design mean that when not play music , you can hear everything around you while wear they . one purely superficial note : at least for I , they leave indentation in you hair where the pad be . the open design of these headphone , responsible for the amazing sound quality , could also be a drawback for some . for those unfamiliar with headphone terminology , open headphone mean that sound get in and sound get out . they block approximately zero sound , so if there be a lot of background noise it will interfere with you listening . additionally people around you will be able to -lrb- faintly -rrb- hear what you be listen to even at normal listen volume , so depend on you music taste you may want to stick with listen alone . I can usually listen on they around other without a problem , but be aware of the limitation of open headphone . the cord be quite long -lrb- 3 meter or so -rrb- , so you can sit pretty far from the audio source , perfect for movie or video game . it terminate in a 1\/4 '' -lrb- big -rrb- plug and come with a adapter to the standard 1\/8 '' size . this mean that the plug be rather big and cumbersome , though , which can be inconvenient for listen on a ipod . before these headphone I do not concern myself much with music quality , since on my $ 10 phone I could not hear the difference anyway . I do not own many cd at all , but after get the hd-555 I go and buy some of my favorite album on CD so I could re-rip they at 256 kbp . most of my music be 128 kbp , and these headphone be not quite nice enough to make they sound awful by comparison . how you 'll use these phone be very important if you be think of buy they . they be ideal for home listening , movie-watching , or gaming , especially by yourself . if you 'll be use headphone with background noise , other people around -lrb- who do not share you music taste -rrb- , or a portable device , you might want to consider some closed headphone instead -lrb- such as Sennheiser 's 200 line -rrb- . for they intended purpose , though , these headphone be absolutely worth the cost and a great buy for anyone that enjoy music .
139	Headphone	NEG	2	I have high expectation for these earbud , but to be honest , I get better sound with my stock ipod earbud equip with Griffin Earjams . the sound on the Sennheiser bud be tinny with almost no bass , unless you jam the bud so far into you ear canal that it be about touch you brain . also they have asymmetric cord length , so the right cord be much longer than the left one . it be weird if you be use to the standard setup with both side the same length .
603	Headphone	NEG	1	these headphone sound so great for the price and that be why I be so bummed to have to send they back for the 3rd time . I have have 3 pair break on I now and I be tempt to ask for a replacement instead of a refund again because I love the way they sound so much . they customer service be great too by the way . suck that the headphone quality be so lack .
192	Headphone	POS	5	great headphone i use they all the time , the sound quality be great . battery last a very long time and the easiest way to do it be to buy recharchable aaa battery and you end up save money on battery .
291	Headphone	POS	4	I be almost 71 year old and I be hear impaired from 40 year work in a power plant . I have use a pair of wireless headphone for the past several year that finally give up the ghost . I have spend the past year look for a replacement . none satisfy I because I want to be able to control the volume in each ear . even with in canal hearing aid , my left ear be worse than my right . I be not able to find anything until I run across the rs-140 . it have a balance control which allow I to `` balance '' the gain to each ear . I have read many of the report on this site which include some very negative comment . however , my experience have be nothing but good . no hiss , coverage throughout the house , no dropout spot . excellent sound , easy to understand what I hear from the tv . I subtract one star because they do have one fault . the volume control be on the backside of the earphone and when I attempt to lay my head on a pillow , it move the volume control . I have to be careful of this . I can also see where those who use outside the ear hearing aid will have a problem with the headphone push the ear against the hearing aid . other than that ... a very fine piece of gear ! I recommend they .
13	Headphone	POS	5	it be so nice to listen to the song I like when I be on the computer and the T.V. be on next to I and I can not hear it .
131	Headphone	POS	5	I just preview a pair of JVC that I keep in we coach . my Husband also buy these so I will have they for we bedroom . -lrb- I be one of the rare people that tv put right to sleep -rrb- . these be soft on the ear , the sound be amazing and they allow I to put I head on the pillow . one other brand keep I from put my head comfortable on the pillow . they be so comfortable . my husband sleep and I can enjoy my program at any amount of sound I want .
694	Headphone	NEG	1	when you turn on the noise cancel feature you can hear a very low rumble sound . I try these on a airplane and several other white noise environment , like fan blow . when compare these to regular headphone , there be no difference at all . a coworker let I try he bose noise cancel headset and that do make a noticeable difference . the noise cancel feature of these philip headphone appear to be worthless . the comfort and quality of these as just regular headphone be ok , but why would you buy these unless you want the noise cancel feature ?
953	Headphone	NEG	2	the audio quality of the ne 700 's be superior to every other set I have listen to ; dynamic range , image quality , sound isolation ... it be just a shame they keep break . the people at NuForce get a `` a '' for effort and ungrudging send 3 set of replacement before `` promising '' a full refund -lrb- still wait for the refund , its only be a couple of week so I be not worried yet -rrb- . each set have the same failure , death of a channel -lrb- usually the right -rrb- . unfortunately the failure can not be attribute to abuse , I have a cheap set of Jabra 's that I wear while do any type of physical activity that I have own for year . the ne 700 's be reserve for list around the house , air travel -lrb- which be where I appreciate they the most due to the great noise isolation -rrb- or while I be sit work on the computer . I would have give NuForce one star have it not be for the exceptional customer support effort and the audio quality but I would not recommend purchase this product until the durability issue be address . read through other review , my problem be not a anomaly . I hope anyone else that buy this product have better luck than I .
617	Headphone	POS	5	Alright , I just receive 3 of these in the mail . I like the package , it be tiny yet protective . the package that the headphone themselves they be in impressed I as well . I open they as careful as possible , -lrb- I didnt want to break anything , the other review sad they break -rrb- . I plug they into my laptop and i be very satisfied . the sound be clear and loud . I give a 5 star with durability as well . hopefully i wont be comment back with a bad review . but so far if u need a cheep good pair of headphone , by em from this guy . I will buy from u in future !
905	Headphone	POS	5	I just get these and have test they out enough to say that you be get good value for you money with these headphone . one of the first product that I be quite content with enough to post a review . they be not the best headphone ever , but at $ 20ish , you can not go wrong .
867	Headphone	NEG	2	I order 2 pair , black\/orange for myself and silver\/green for my wife , as replacement for we ipod earbud -lrb- yes , we be yuppie -rrb- . I have to say , the mdq-q23lp look really cool , as you can probably tell by look at they online . however , that be where the positive aspect end . they be physically uncomfortable . I make sure I put they on right . I can see how I could eventually get use to the jab behind the ear , but why should i. what I could never get use to be the flat sound . I be not expect studio quality out of this design in this price-range but I be neither expect the 2-can , 99-cent store , flatness . play with the eq on the ipod help somewhat , but not very much . finally , I can not stand it when I can hear people 's music through they earphone over the subway noise , 12 foot away . I do not mean the tsk-tsk-tsk or a occasional sax . I mean when you can actually hear the lyric . I think mdq-q23lp be one of those headphone . I do all sort of sound test and even at half the volume -lrb- much too quiet for my taste -rrb- they be extremely noisy on the outside . again , I be not expect the type of sound isolation you get out of earbud or the noise-cancelling headphone , but give I a break ... these baby give the term `` share music '' a new meaning . I 'll let my wife deside about she pair , but I be send mine back . too bad , they look great -lrb- hence 2 star -rrb- .
427	Headphone	POS	4	First of all , I do ALOT of research on canal\/earbud phone -lrb- include read all of these review and many other on other website -rrb- before settle on a pair for purchase . I be pretty much a audiophile however that do not mean I expect pefection with every purchase , I realize there be ALWAYS go to something that I wish sound , work or be design better . I be also a bargain shopper not willing to shell out $ 500 and up for headphone , mainly because I can not not afford it and I -lrb- like the rest of we -rrb- do not like be overcharge . that be say , let I start with that fact that I actually purchase the Sony mdr-ex51lp 's not the mdr-ex71sl 's . the reason ? after my research I discover there be not much difference between the 2 , save the short cord\/extension problem you will read about later and the fact that they carry they at best buy which make it easier to return they if necessary -lrb- I come across comment that state Amazon charge you if you decide to return the mdr-ex71sl 's -rrb- . let I start by say I be very satified with my purchase . I buy they about 3 week ago at best buy for $ 39.99 plus tax , roughly the same price Amazon be charge for the mdr-ex71sl 's . I be look for earphone that would block a significant amount of exterior sound , fit snugly in the ear and not fall out as well as produce a quality of sound I would appreciate . I can say all of those need be meet with my mdr-ex51lp 's . there be a few thing you should know about these earphone though .  # 1 if you do not like have to fiddle with little thing to get great sound , do not buy these . the multus size silicon earbud covering take a little time to figure out . you must have a complete seal to hear clear bass so play with the size to see which one fit you . I actually luck out and the medium size -lrb- which be already place on the phone -rrb- fit my left ear perfectly give I a understanding of how they should fit . my right ear be not so lucky and after play around I find that the large size be the solution . # 2 you must understand that these phone work like ear plug . you have to fit these baby snugly in you ear or the bass be not distinct and the noise around you will be more audible and not as cleanly `` block out '' . a proper seal be a must !! now this be not nearly as hard or annoying as it sound and once it be do you 'll be happy you buy these . as a side note , the silicon earbud can get quite dirty if you do not use q-tip often so clean you ear ! also this `` ear plug '' sensation will take some get use to -lrb- for I a couple of day -rrb- so have patience .  # 3 part of the complaint I note from other reviewer be the cord of the mdr-ex71sl , apparently it be quite short and design for ipod user and player with arm band capability . Sony 's solution be to include a excessively long extension cord that again apparently cause problem -lrb- read the rest of the review -rrb- with its connector . the mdr-ex51lp have the same cord design as the mdr-ex71sl 's -lrb- right side longer than the leave so that the cord can sit behind you head -rrb- save one distinct difference . the cord for the mdr-ex51lp have one long cord like every other pair of headphone you have ever own so it be much easier to deal with . however , due to the similiar behind the head design -lrb- right side longer than leave -rrb- , I do think purchase a clip be necessary to hold the cord in place . I find the extra length of the right side have too much slack and either get in the way or catch on clothing . this sometimes tug on the phone themselves , particularly on the left side . this become a nuissance . also the cord be pretty thin , no problem yet but due to experience in the past with other earphone I fear it could be in the future .  # 4 most importantly , be the sound itself . now this be where thing get complicate . everyone have different taste as how they music should sound so you be go to get vary opinion . I find , with a good seal -lrb- I can not stress this enough -rrb- , the sound be much improve over standard earphone and earbud . I find the eq a little tinny at first but the balance can be even out with a bass booster , this allow capabilty for heavier bass sound . my player have 2 setting of bass boost and I find the first setting to be more than adequate , the 2nd be a bit too much bass for my liking . the external sound around you disappear when music be play and this allow for quiet listening as not to damage you now clean ear . this be key as I travel alot !  so overall , I would say that Sony have do a great job . if you want really great sound with the small size and convenience of earbud and you be tire of tinny treble drive phone then these be for you . but if you expect pristine quality sound and bass that bump you out of you chair I suggest you stick with over the head headphone or if you be willing to shell out $ 500 + for the top of the line then go for it . Shure 's ec5 's rock . but I , I would rather shell out $ 40 for earphone that give I just what I be look for . if you check out comparable earbud phone you 'll find you 'll end pay more for very simliar result in sound and other trade off of various problem , etc. . I check out Shure 's -lrb- ec2 & ec3 -rrb- as well as etymotic -lrb- er-6 -rrb- and there be minute difference in performance and design but huge difference in price !! final word , I rate these only 4 star because of the cord problem and the weak excuse for a cord case -lrb- do not bother it be too time consuming and will break eventually -rrb- but I be extemely please with my purchase and would highly recomend it to anyone look for a reasonably price pair of high end earbud phone . however , I would seriously recomend the following : Research all , physically check out all and then buy what you prefer .
639	Headphone	POS	5	great product ! high quality ! totally comfortable and master sound . also its appearence like `` rasta '' increase the value of this item
688	Headphone	POS	5	I already own a pair of wire sennheiser and decide the only brand that could possibly do wireless justice be this one . I can happily say that I be not disappointed , and these have go beyond my expectation . I have be talk about buy a set of wireless headphone for year . when we routine at night solidify into I watch x-file on dvd and my partner want to settle down with a book , it become essential . the quality of the sound be outstanding and I really can not tell much difference between a wireless set . one note though : I initially have the base set atop my tv get a lot of interference . I mount it on the wall a couple foot up and now they be crystal clear . I be also amaze at how long the battery charge last . I consistently watch about a hour of tv each night , and I probably have to charge they only once every 2 week . they fit very comfortably also . one thing I be concern about since they be not close be sound escape . this be not a problem . my partner can sleep beside I and not hear a thing . if you be look for a staple pair of wireless headphone , for the quality and price , these be what you be look for .
390	Headphone	NEG	1	when i receive these earbud , one of they do not work . the one earbud that do work sound no better than the apple earbud that come with all ipod . I would not waste you time with these , i have return mine . Amazon do make return easy .
704	Headphone	NEG	2	purchase these headphone after be impress by the great review . however , I be very disappoint by the high-frequency response , or lack thereof . ultimately be so disappointed that I return they .
730	Headphone	POS	5	I have the WORST time find ear phone in the history of the world . I have small ear so the type that come with standard stuff never fit . the type you put in the ear always fall right back out again , plus they look gross after awhile . add to that a hearing impairment in one ear and I be a hopeless case . until now . the monster immersion isport in-ear headphone be the BEST . they come with several different ear bud size so you can get the perfect fit no matter what size of ear -lrb- s -rrb- you have . the neatest feature -lrb- as far as fit go -rrb- be the little rubber thing call a `` sport clip '' at the top that mold right into you outer ear to hold they in . it be patent so you 'll not find this feature on ANY other ear phone . there be no pull these out accidentally -lrb- or have they fall out while run -rrb- . they be very snug without be tight or painful in any way -lrb- my ear be also really sensitive to that too -rrb- . now onto the other cool feature . firstly , they be waterproof . mean you can wash they in the WASHER -lrb- or in the sink , whatever float you boat -rrb- . but wash they be a huge bonus in my eye because I seriously be disgust when someone put MY ear phone in THEIR ear , it do not matter how much I love they , I do not share ear phone . this also mean if you be a runner or some other type of athletic person that sweat a lot , you be not go to have a issue with they get wet - bonus ! a friend tell I she have ear phone that be waterproof and can be use for swimming , I have never hear of such a thing and I be not sure if I be understand she correctly because I can not find ANY other ear phone that claim you can throw they in the washer ! they say they have `` proprietary sealed housing '' mean they be the only ear phone out there that continue to have awesome sound , even after get wet . some of the cool techie-type feature be the ControlTalk . it say it be for `` music phone and ipod '' . I be not sure what that mean because I be able to use a splitter and plug it into my Sony Xperia Play and it work just fine . but know if you be a iPhone sheeple , it be get ya cover : the ControlTalk have a call answer button & microphone so you can easily switch back and forth between listen to music and talk on you phone . it can also be use for music and video playback on you ipod -lrb- nano 4g and later , touch 2g and later , iPhone 3G and later , ipad -lrb- s -rrb- and the remote will work on ipod shuffle -rrb- . the audio work on all ipod model . it say there be some support for Blackberry but that be something you would have to check on , it be base on the model you have . I find the ControlTalk to be the best techie thing ever , I love that I can easily skip ahead in a song -lrb- or to the next song -rrb- or book chapter , video , etc. with just press a button on my ear phone cord , it be very convenient . you can also use it to pause and control the volume . now for the sound . this be the a-maz-ing part . I have honestly never hear such good sound on ear phone before and that be say a lot consider I have very little hearing in one of my ear . it be always be a bummer because listen to music have be greatly diminish since my hearing loss . when I put these in today , I be able to hear the music like I remember , rich , full and very crisp , it be wonderful ! now I 'll be the one to admit that I usually buy cheap ear phone because my kid steal they , I lose they , they break , never fit right anyway , etc. . but these be very high quality and they fit perfectly so when you have they in , you hear no background noise , just the music\/book\/whatever you want to hear . the sound quality be truly extraordinary . also have : - tangle free cord - right angle jack - pro sound Isolating ear tip in multiple size - a spring-clip pouch that feel like neoprene ... maybe it be , maybe not , but it be durable and look good . -24 K Gold plate contact - MicroStrand Conductors which help produce sound with clarity & detail - rugged construction - Advanced in-ear speaker design for amazing sound so , if you be a athlete or just someone who want a good , solid pair of ear bud that will last , you 'll probably really enjoy these , I know I do !
571	Headphone	POS	5	I be very pleased with these phone when plug into my ipod classic . compare to my to previously own hd595 the soundstage be larger and the music be more detailed . I then add a fiio e11 amp connect by a fiio l9 line out . the improvement be huge . the bass come alive . the low bass be deep and control ; you could actually feel it . the upper bass be mellow . the midrange be sweet and the high be pure . the soundstage expand and the imaging seem exact . on recording with a large dynamic range the sound go from I could hardly hear it to I can hardly stand it . I believe that to really get the best out of the hd 598 you need to add a adequate amp .
958	Headphone	NEG	1	I purchase these headphone because they be recommend for people with small ear . I must say that these headphone do not fall off\/out of you ear . I run several 20 mile run without they ever fall out of place . the problem be that the headphone stop work after 3 week of use . the problem seem to be with the wire ; if the wire move at all -lrb- even the slightest bit -rrb- , the volume in one earphone go in and out , make it unbearable to run with they . this problem happen 3.5 mile into a 21 mile trail run , so obviously I be more than a little frustrated with the product . I have try several other pair of headphone to ensure that the problem be not my mp3 player , and the other pair work fine . in summary , the fit be perfect , the quality of construction \/ durability be terrible .
37	Headphone	POS	4	for the price this be a fantastic earbud . very stylish , and good isolation as long as you be not on the train too much . the noise from the train could leak in , but you will still be able to hear you music well without pump the volume .
176	Headphone	POS	5	I have never leave a review before but could not resist let every one know what a great product these little bud be . I buy these bud after the original bud to my ipod finally break . what a great investment !! I just get back from a trip to Costa Rica and these thing be simply amazing on the airplane . I never use my ipod on the plane before because I could never hear without turn the volume up all the way and I still could not hear all that well . I admit I have to turn up the volume a tad with these bud , but not that much . -lrb- you do have to push the tip into you ear to drown out the surround sound . -rrb- every time my husband want to talk to I he have to tap I on the shoulder . these be also great if you have small ear canal . the extra small tip be wonderful and they do not keep fall out of my ear like the Ipod bud do . I also find they very comfortable when I wear they at night in bed when my insomnia kick in . at first I think the sound quality be not all that great , even after `` break in , '' but the more I have use these puppy the more the sound quality have improve . finally , I love the cord ! it do not tangle and seem to be very well make even though it be thin . over all , great product and worth every penny . I buy the blue one and may even buy the pink one to `` color coordinate ! ''
105	Headphone	NEG	1	upon first impression , I be so happy with these headphone . they look great , feel great , and , for the first few day , work great . even block out all of the obnoxious noise on a airplane and throught the busy street of Chicago ! however , within the week of have they , the right ear go out , which REALLY disappoint I . and then , I go to try and call monster , as the instruction that come in the pack say to do for warranty reason , and they line be down - but only do they tell I this after keep I on hold for thirty minute . finally I be able to exchange they out for a new pair . I be weary , but they be work alright upon first test they out . that be , until a day later , when I be just sit at work , listen to pandora , nothing too loud , not move like I be at the gym or anything , and the left earbud go out . really ?! so I be return they for my money back for good now . if they would last , then I would have give these a 5 star review . but alas , that be not the case ... one two pair . odds be against ya , beat .
244	Headphone	NEG	1	not a good product . difficult to keep tune to the television , and the battery would not stay in place . I would not purchase this product again .
113	Headphone	NEG	2	these be $ 10 headphone . there be nothing amazing about they in my opinion . I buy they to use with my ipod when I be out , or at work . right out of the box , I be disappoint with the fit , and I know everyone be go to be different , but for I they just be not comfortable . the sound quality be clear , but very thin and lack bass . even when I be press they into my ear to get the best possible fit , the bass just be not good . eq setting to boost the bass do not help either , and often reduce sound quality even more . the ear clip do not really seem to do that much either . they kind of keep they on you ear but do not really hold they in you ear at all . the ear piece tend to get tangle together easily as well . in summary , I would not recommend these for music , but if you want a cheap pair of headphone for listen to audio book or some other kind of speak word , they might be good-if you can tolerate they in you ear for that long .
737	Headphone	POS	4	these work well . for the amount I pay for they -lrb- $ 5 -rrb- I would definitely recommend they .
22	Headphone	POS	5	my wife research headphone for play at the gym and while travel . I buy a splitter so we could listen to the same source with she headphone and my Sony headphone . I could never hear the material as well as she could so I decide to get these . what take I so long ?? they work great .
532	Headphone	NEG	1	pro : great sound , good comfort , great packaging con : very fragile , mine break apart after a few month of infrequent and gentle use
672	Headphone	POS	4	I have a pair of the old l-jack one that last I several year . they break , tragically , with I put they in a bag that get crush . I replace they with a pair of the straight jack style and they do not last 8 month before the right channel all but stop work . but I be go to get another pair because : they isolate sound - really - well : it could be dangerous if you be walk or etc. . the sound be good : most earbud be too treble-y but these be well-balanced they be comfortable : I do not care for cold metal bit in my ear . and the foam be more comfortable than silicone . they be cheap they be not hideous or flashy only downside be that they 'll break pretty easily if crushed and they be cheaply make -lrb- but they be cheap , so that be to be expect -rrb- .
180	Headphone	POS	5	I need a new pair of headphone to replace some raggedy Sony mdr-v600 's that be 18 year old and fall apart . after literally a year of lurk in headphone forum and come close several time to drop several hundred dollar on this or that , I stumble across someone talk these up . after use these for a month or so , I be absolutely floor by how much better these be than those old v600 's ! to my ear , these be fantastic headphone . some people have comment on the weight of these be too much , but I do not find that to be true . while these be at least 5 time heavier than the Sony 's , they do not feel that way on my head . these be very comfortable headphone . the bass be have serious authority , but these be not fart box . it be clean , powerful bass that be not overwhelming whatsoever with a flat eq setting . I listen to a wide variety of music include rock , metal , rap , and classical , and no matter what I be listen to , I feel like I be hear the music as it be intend . these need to be run from a receiver or a dedicated headphone amp , and the cord be a little short -lrb- a extension cord take care of that -rrb- , but these be home orient headphone , so that stuff do not really matter . these have to be the best value in this price range . with a lifetime warranty , how can you go wrong ?
181	Headphone	POS	5	I search out these earphone for purchase , after my dog chew on my last pair of sony becuase they give I a good sound quality and a great fit . I have a hard time find in-the-ear earphone that fit I comfortably . with some other pair they would get a cramped feeling after some time . with the different size cushion that be provide with the sony earphone , I could get a great fit . they block out background noise well and have a a nice range of sound . they also come with a nice little travel case which be good for have they with you and not get the cord all tangle on itself . I would recommend these for people that would like a good earphone for a really reasonable price .
542	Headphone	POS	5	the sound quality be good and the product it self be very good for the price . I use it in work out and it stay in place which be what i be look for .
207	Headphone	NEG	2	as a break college student , I order these try to save money . they arrive past the estimate arrival day and stop work three week later . do not waste you money on these , invest in a better pair of headphone because if you purchase these , you be go to have to buy new one soon anyway .
621	Headphone	POS	5	it do just the job it should . the build quality be okay at best . but you can not beat the price !
627	Headphone	POS	5	I buy these headphone over 3 year ago , and they be still go strong . I use they in the office only , so they get little abuse -lrb- e.g. I do not blast the bass at work , or anything -rrb- . I have drop they a number of time , though , and they do not break . the sound quality be good for listen to cd , but like I say , I do not blast the bass or anything . finally , they be extremely comfortable . I wear they for 7 + hour some day and they do not bother I one bit .
238	Headphone	NEG	2	I do not realize that these earbud come with a j style cord . Everytime I wear these , the weight of the cord and or any jostle or turn of my neck cause the earbud on the short cord to pull out of my ear since the main cord hang directly in line with it . good fit in the ear and good sound but the cord be a loser and I will be replace these with something else . Update -lrb- 06\/2011 -rrb- : after use these heavily for several month to listen to music on my phone while walk the cord eventually fail right at the head set side of the plug , sever one of the wire . I replace these with pair of Klipsch ear bud and have have zero problem with they . they be a standard y cord and the cord be longer as well .
642	Headphone	NEG	1	I receive in plenty of time , I buy two . one make a humming noise , the other pick up cell phone and radio signal . I contact the seller and be tell I would receive instruction on send the 2 item back . I never receive these instruction . . I want to return both of the headphone .
168	Headphone	NEG	2	I buy these headphone at a airport electronics store about a year ago . since then they have mainly be use for listen to music when I be at my computer . nothing stressful , no drop or kick , just sit and listen . today I put they on and notice that they be not sit right on my head . I look they over and do not notice anything wrong immediately . I put up with it for a bit until it get worse . I inspect they again and the left side have a big crack just above the left folding joint which mean these be pretty much do for . honestly , I be kind of okay with it because the active noise cancel for these headphone get kind of annoy after a while . it be a much louder hiss than other active noise cancel system I have hear -lrb- my wife have a 2005 era bose active noise cancel headset and I have put on other brand in store to compare since I purchase the able planet can -rrb- . if my problem with these break do not deter you , then the annoying noise cancel probably should . it be really not that great . the sound be good , though . so that be something .
679	Headphone	POS	5	let I start off by say I have a horrible first experience with this set of headphone . when I first get they , there be a very obvious , constant static sound out of the right earphone . I email customer service and they tell I to send it in . Annoying . two day later , I get a email back from they say a replacement pair be on the way . they replace my headphone almost immediately . one of the best customer service experience I have ever have . even before the burn in , the headphone boast extremely clear sound , beat out my dad 's $ 300 bose pair he get a year back . Bass - Unmatched . would not change a thing . it be like play the bass on a really expensive Steinway and compare it to a simple upright . Treble - extremely good . melody of any genre of music I listen to sing out , and be very clear . high - alright . not the best I have hear , as the sound can get quite harsh at time . comfort - it take some get use to . the odd design require that you put the headphone in and pull they around behind the ear . this be make easier by a bendable wire come off of the headphone themselves , allow you to shape the wire around you ear . it take a while to really get it down , but once you do they sit very comfortably -lrb- although they do go a bit far into the ear -rrb- . these headphone sound like those over-the-ear monster that cost you a arm and you spleen , but be very small and only will cost you a finger -lrb- be finger ~ $ 20 these day ? -rrb- . overall the best pair of headphone I have ever own . highly recommend
354	Headphone	NEG	1	do not buy these headphone unless you want to keep return they every 2 month . the first pair I buy work great for two month . then they would not turn on after be charge . press the reset button as recommend by support do not work to revive they . I look in Logitech 's support forum and find other people with the same problem . Logitech take the headphone back and send I another `` new '' pair . it be two month later and guess what ? the new one have stop turn on after a charge . I really love the convenience of these headphone . the sound quality be great and not have the cord get in the way during workout or yardwork be so nice . but you really do not buy they , you just rent they for $ 100 plus the every-2-month cost of mail they back and the cost of replacement while you wait for Logitech to ship you a work pair . I want my money back .
469	Headphone	NEG	2	I spend a lot of time look at review so I could get the most bang for the buck for some sport headphone so I could have something that do not fall out of my ear when work out . these seem well-approved for the price point in comparison to similar one , so I order they . from the first time I use they I could tell that not only be they less than I would hope for , they be far worse than the free earbud that come with my zen and my HP laptop . both speaker , especially the leave , buzz significantly , even on medium volume level . Bass be completely blow out and music -lrb- even on high bit-rate -rrb- sound pathetic . after only a few day with these , they be go back . I have test they on my computer -lrb- music and game -rrb- and a Walkman and can get better audio out of even $ 10 or less phone . in addition , the clip that come on the cord be a nuisance . it be in the way , can not be remove , and be worthless . it be hard to actually get clip to anything and require both hand to `` coordinate '' the clipping process , rather than be truly sporty and be a clip-on-the-run style . I would recommend other Sony headphone -lrb- and other brand in general -rrb- over these .
470	Headphone	POS	5	I buy these for my husband for Christmas . he absolutely love they . the sound quality be great . as a prime member , I receive they via free two day shipping , which be wonderful . I recommend these headphone for anyone who love music , have a iphone , ipod , or etc. .
871	Headphone	POS	5	I travel once to twice every month and I want to buy a pair of good noise-cancelling headphone so that I can listen to my ipod or get some rest . first , I try a Sony nc50 at a Sony Style store . the nc50 put out so much accoustic pressure to my ear and it really hurt . then , I try Sennheiser PXC-250 , pxc-300 , and Bose QuietComfort 2 extensively . first time , I bring both pxc-250 and pxc-300 to a trip from San Diego to Newark . there be no significant performance difference in term of noise canceling . the pxc-300 have a better case . then , on my next trip , I borrow a bose quietcomfort 2 from a colleague of mine and compare it with pxc-300 . after extensively testing -lrb- with and without music , with and without background people talk , and etc. -rrb- , I find it be about 20-30 % less of noise with bose . also , my ear feel warm and uncomfortable after 30 min with pxc-300 because of the over-the-ear style . I understand everyone else 's comment on bose be over-priced , but if you be look for the best noise-cancelling performance on a airplane , unfortunately there be no other way around it . bose be certainly the best .
288	Headphone	POS	4	it be pretty good . i do not have that much experience with more expensive one and all i have be small ear bud but with this price and sound quality i would say it be a good buy
74	Headphone	NEG	2	I receive these headphone after the cheap-o one I grab for $ 7 finally break . I think from all the positive review and detailed description these would be a great buy for the price . wrong . Day two after get they in the mail the left earbud die for no reason . the only way I can get it to work be to wiggle the base . these touch no water . they be not even drop . what a disappointment ... other than this issue , the ear bud be not even well design . despite the nice case they give you and different size headphone , these do not transmit sound in a efficient manner . the squishy bud piece get in the way , and do not form a clear tunnel for sound to travel without you have to twist it around in you ear for several minute . in conclusion , these be altogether much more aggravation than they be worth . do not buy these , you be better off with the crappy Apple one believe it or not .
907	Headphone	POS	5	I can crank these and my sound card up all the way and still not hear any noise , which be amazing . the bass response be pretty good , but it seem to overdo it sometimes . towards the end of long session wear they , they get uncomfortable , but the first few hour be fine . there be basically no noise isolation , which be good for some people , bad for other . I have have more comfortable headphone , that be more adjustable , sound better , and have noise isolation . they cost several time as much , though . the movie\/music switch on mine do not seem to do anything .
518	Headphone	NEG	1	these be just aweful . after about 4 mo , they will not hold onto you head . if you look down while wear they , they will hit the floor . also , if you audio signal go quiet for more than about 30 seconds , you hear a little `` click '' then deafening static hiss . be very dissapointed .
800	Headphone	NEG	2	the product be easy to set up and operational within minute . despite some background static that be always present , even after tuning , the unit work okay for several day until it stop work while I be watch tv . after hear heavy static , I notice that the green base light be no longer on . as soon as the headphone be unplugged from the tv , the green light come back on and the unit work again for a few minute then go out again ; this reoccur several time . perhaps there be a electrical shortage in the base unit . I be research other model and brand for a replacement . I be glad that Amazon have a easy postage-free return policy .
410	Headphone	NEG	2	the sound quality and bass of these bud be very good ... if you can actually get they to stay in you ear for more than 2 minute at a time . definitely do not plan on be able to wear these walk or run . even sit down , they fall out of my ear after barely turn my head . they do come with 7 different ear piece to try out , but the main problem arise from the clunky design of the earbud itself . the oversized cylinder shape of the bud prevent they from fitting nicely in the ear canal , regardless of which of the 7 ear piece you use . I should also mention that because of the poor fit , there be almost no ambient noise cancellation . and of course , in the slightest breeze there will be load of wind noise howl in you ear . another draw back be the huge piece of plastic\/rubber that serve as the separator for the left and right cable . this constantly get catch on thing and help pull the earbud out of my ear even faster .
90	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be amazing ! great feeling when I take they out of the box . they do not cause too much pain after you have have they on for a long time and they have pretty good noise cancelation . ca not forget the clear , crisp sound they have . simply audio ! one thing I do not like about they be that I feel like they will break so easy . good news be that they be build Sony tough . Great buy !
729	Headphone	NEG	2	I buy these think they would be a upgrade earbud set for work out and activity that be not comfortable with my real headphone -lrb- sennheiser can -rrb- . I be not expect audiophile quality , but I be expect a upgrade from the zune earbud , or at least the 3 dollar coby set that I get from fry to thrash around . I be convince that the driver in these meelectronic phone be no better than those in my garbage coby earbud . this would be fine if the cost be similar . but its not , and I feel I have pay a steeper price for the little case and accessory that I do not care about and be gipp on sound quality . the meelectronic phone be way too heavy on the treble , and light on the bass and lower mid response . they seriously sound like tweeter and the response be disturbingly unbalanced and very metallic in the upper range . they sound worse than the bud that come with my zune . with earbud like these , the sound be very dependent on the seal and position in you ear . know this , it be possible that the shape of my ear may be prevent a good seal and thus kill some of the low frequency response . I notice when I push in on the bud it seal better and the low end response improve , but the response still sound mile from flat . you result may vary from mine but I be write this to warn those who know the difference between a reasonably flat response with some character , and one that be lopsided enough to ruin the listen experience . the bud come nicely package with a bunch of extra seal . I must admit that I do not spend much time try the seal out as I be just so disappointed with the overall sound that I be get from these . needless to say , I have use these 2 time and would undo this purchase if I could . I would say these be worth about 6 or 7 bux , and I would still avoid they . I will have to find something else . I would never recommend these to anybody as I be sure there must be bettter alternative in the price range .
485	Headphone	POS	4	good headphone for watch tv . Easy to use , I just plug it into my headphone jack on my tuner , which be connect to my tv . the only problem I have be that the headphone be lose and can fall off if and when I bend over to pick something up ...
338	Headphone	POS	5	I first buy a pair of the Koss Titanium Portable Headphones back around 6-7 year ago . that same pair have last I all this time until a week or two ago when they finally give up , I quickly order another pair and be hope for the same result 's . I also have other 's in my family that use they aswell , they really come in handy when I be work at a computer and need to be able to hear outside of the headphone . other than that , I like the volume control , how they feel , they lightweight design , the clarity of the sound , they have a nice bass sound to they , and more . but the best part of they be the price ! with shipping , they $ 20 , it be insane ! if there be anything bad about they , it would be that after 7 year they croak , but consider the price , and all that you get out of they , it be worth it . EDIT : I recieve my new Koss Port . headphone in and they fit and sound perfect , the only complaint I have about the new one be that they do not have a l-plug , but for the price , I 'll get over it . pro : Long Life Price Sound quality volume control how they feel how they look con : no l-plug if you need cheap headphone for listen to a mp3 Player or use on a computer , I would highly recommend the Koss Titanium Portable Headphones .
820	Headphone	NEG	1	it take a long time for the dealer to get it ship . I receive the headphone and be very pleased with the sound and fit at first . but it never fail , the same thing that happen to my other Sennheiser headphone happen here . the usb male port adapter lose connection to the full sound . I maybe use it 5 time . I just cut my loss of have to deal with the particular dealer . my suggestion be to go and purchase a 15 dollar pair from you local retail store . they will surely last longer . they have the fit and look down but not the durability .
421	Headphone	NEG	1	be a Christmas gift for we grandson . he open the box , put in the battery , and go to put they on at which time they physically break . do not know if it be from a poor design or flaw , but this be the second review cite such a problem . I have no idea how they actually perform .
899	Headphone	NEG	2	I think that these earphone would just sit outside you ear so that you can hear what be happen around you as well as you music . that be not true with this particular earphone , the speaker be perpendicular to the hook which go around you ear , so the small part must be put in you ear canal to be comfortable . these earphone be great sound , but beyond that I can not wear they for more than a half a hour at a time . the piece that must sit within you ear canal to get good sound be very large , and if you have small ear like I do it will stretch and pull you ear . I do like that you do not have to turn the volume up much to hear what you be listen to well . you can also turn the volume up very high and use they as speaker on you desk , but that do sort of defeat the purpose of earphone . good for some people , but terrible for I .
738	Headphone	NEG	2	I purchase these , because of the large number of good review . I be quite surprised to find the sound quality poor and the volume low -lrb- compare with my previous pair of $ 12 Sony earbud -rrb- . Earbud fit be a personal thing and I only write this short note , because my experience be so different than the majority of user .
107	Headphone	POS	5	these be great - money well spend ! they sound great , fit well and be very light and comfortable . it be exactly what I be look for in a set of headphone that I could use at the gym . and all at a great price from Amazon . thanks !
104	Headphone	POS	5	Got these headphone a week ago . the sound be very clear , I can hear all the detail . they fit very comfortably and they do not hurt my ear at all even after long usage . hear the song like they be mean to be hear . the bass be a good level , especially for the price , but it be not super heavy if you be a bass head you might want to get something a little more bass intense . I wish it be a little more intense but these head phone be great and produce great quality sound . the extra bass I be use to be overkill from my subwoofer , so if you be look for great quality headphone for a great price these be they . if you be a bass maniac you might want to get something heavier , but for the average listener these be great , and they do have good bass its appropriate , not overwhelming - which some people look for .
882	Headphone	NEG	2	I be one of those people who can not wear earbud . my left ear opening be apparently too big to hold one in , and my right ear barely get by . I buy these hope I could wear they while jogging . however , the hook over the ear be too loose , and gravity be not enough to hold they on , and I swear I do not have a bouncy stride . I can wear they around the house , but that be it .
519	Headphone	NEG	1	the headphone have great sound but the internal bracket that slide to adjust to size crack with just regular use and break within a month of buy the product new ... we have another skullcandy headphone that have be fine for month ... not sure if this be a problem of this model or we just get a faulty pair ... but it stink ...
629	Headphone	POS	5	ok , you can get all of the technical jargon from other review , but I want to weigh in on these great headphone - they be hand down my favorite headphone I have ever own -lrb- a I have spend MUCH more on other over the year -rrb- . the sound be SUPERB , and they be by far the most comfortable headphone I have ever try . I would recommend these over any of the $ 50 + headphone I have try . my only concern be the plug do not look very sturdy , but after 3 month of pretty heavy use , so far no problem ! I give these my highest rating !
874	Headphone	POS	5	when I first get these headphone and compare they to the one include with my Walkman back in 1997 , I be amaze at the sound improvement , especially the strong bass these produce . I do not know much about headphone at the time , but I take a chance on this brand I would never hear of . year later it be nice to know they be still consider among the best budget headphone you can buy . and to be fair , I 'll mention other option . why the PortaPros be great : - they sound much better than the cheap default throw-in , especially if you like bass . I actually buy a larger pair of Koss headphone after this , but find out the PortaPros sound better . - they be the most comfortable headphone I have ever worn . they be very lightweight and the pivot earpad design accommodate ear that stick out . if not for the music you might forget they be on you head . - they be conveniently portable . they fold into a little ball that be easily store in a bag or backpack . I find this very convenient for walk between college class . - the price be a steal . headphone get ridiculously expensive for those with remarkable hearing and wallet , but this be one of those model that will satisfy most people for well under $ 100 . - the no-questions-asked Lifetime Warranty . after year of use , my foam pad be deteriorate and part of my headband have come loose . I just send my PortaPros back to koss with a note and my address , and in about 2 week I get what look and sound like a new pair in the mail ! I be so impressed , I decide to write this review . other headphone to consider : - the sennheiser px100 seem to be the main competition , so they be worth check out too . they be similarly affordable , lightweight and portable . I have not have a chance to try on or listen to a pair . - at the next level up be the Grado sr60 and sr80 , which cost a bit more but be consider by many to be the best sound value out there . I have a chance to listen to some sr80 once ; they sound great but I find they to be somewhat uncomfortable due to the earpad pressure . after a while my ear be sore . - if you prefer closed headphone -lrb- better isolation from outside noise - the previously mention phone will be audible to people near you -rrb- , I would take a look at the Sony mdr-7506 \/ mdr-v6 and the Sennheiser HD280 pro . these be also a step up in price , but consider a great value . - see for yourself at review site such as headphone.com , goodcans.com , etc. . who write this review : - I have do a lot of research , but I do not claim to be a expert or hard-core audiophile . - I buy the PortaPro in late high school , and use they all throughout college to great satisfaction . - since then I have come to prefer clarity over exaggerated bass . my current favorite headphone be the Etymotic Research er-4p . it be a odd comparison since the er-4p be in-ear-canal headphone that cost several time as much . however , for the curious : the PortaPro can not compare in treble clarity , but they do have stronger bass , be slightly more comfortable , less fatiguing , and much cheaper . there be many step up from the PortaPro , but it be a great , affordable place to start listen to good headphone . note : I actually have a pair of PortaPro Jr. s. from what I have read they be just PortaPros without the Comfort Zone switch on the temple pad . in any case , I would assume the PortaPros be the same or a step up , and I be very satisfied .
320	Headphone	POS	5	before I look a long airplane trip to Asia , my husband recommend that I purchase these Sennheiser headphone . I insist that I do not need they , and he argue right back that I would not be regret buy they . Ahem . yes , sometimes husband can be right . the over-the-ear design ensure that most sound -- even the annoying whine of jet engine -- be minimize . I have no idea how loud airplane be until I put these on instead of the airline supply ear bud and my better , but still inadequate , ipod bud . I listen to my ipod and the in-flight movie for hour before my ear tire . the sound quality be much better in a quiet environment than in a noisy one since , yes , some noise get through . for those who listen to music in a office or in a college dorm , the fact that they do not leak much sound be a huge plus . my only complaint be that they do not fold or collapse to take up less space in my briefcase . these make a great gift for the traveler or just for someone who want lightweight , comfortable headphone .
149	Headphone	POS	5	I do not care for the sound quality of compress mp3 or aac music file , so I want a pair of headphone that would allow I to hear all the nuance of my Apple Lossless rip music collection on my iPod Classic . so after read the headphone review on the Goodcans and Amazon web site , I decide to buy both the Grado SR80i 's and the Koss PortaPros . my thinking be this , I would listen to both headphone , choose the best sound pair and return the other . both headphone be highly rate and both be fairly inexpensive , but since I would be use the headphone at work , I want to make sure the sound leakage from the very open style of the Grados would not be a problem . after test both headphone , I determine the sound leakage of the Grados be a problem , but the sound quality be so good , I decide to keep the Grado SR80i 's for home use and use the Koss PortaPros at work . since this review be suppose to be about the Grado SR80i 's , let I just add these final comment . the Grado SR80i 's be the first pair of open style headphone I have never own , and I can say without any doubt they be the best sound headphone I have ever listen to . I be hear detail in my music that I never new be there , which be simply amazing for a pair of headphone that sell for under $ 100 . you will not be disappoint in this purchase .
708	Headphone	NEG	2	when these in-ear headphone be properly install -lrb- and get they in right be like a installation -rrb- the sound be amazing . I have hear part of song that I would never hear before . but the headphone suffer from two massive flaw . the first be that if the headphone move the tiniest bit out of you ear canal , the sound quality plummet . this be a huge problem because the cord be so long that it be guarantee to catch on something and jiggle the earbud . even when wrap up and out of the way , the cord will respond to the slightest movement and pop the earbud out of you ear . this be extraordinarily frustrating , all the more so because the sound be so good . I do not recommend these headphone to active people or to people that plan on move much at all . if , however , you do not plan on move much with these headphone , you be golden . also note : that little case that come with they should be use all the time ; the earbud piece will come off in you bag or pocket and the case help prevent that . it also help prevent just whipping out you ipod and listening , since you have to undo the case and store it , but that be the least of you problem with these headphone .
314	Headphone	POS	5	as a professional forensic audio analyst , I use these headphone constantly and they comfortabe , light , easy to use and the quality be pretty good for the price . I highly recommend this product .
749	Headphone	NEG	1	both be already break i. didnt do . anything to it . but . put it . on and press play the sound . be awsome so . yu think . yu have a good deal but a. 2 week later yu want you money back
797	Headphone	NEG	1	I get a pair of these purpleicious jbud earlier this month . I love the case and the review be pretty good ... I be happy with they the first time I use they , but the second time one of the earphone have very limited sound come out , if any . I be go to try to get a replacement pair send to I and will update this review base on how that experience go .
776	Headphone	NEG	2	I want to write a review for people to know what they be get when buy these earphone . there be no actual speaker that produce sound . it be vibration . yes they vibrate you ear , and that be what you experience . you ear shake and tickle . it take more power to operate vibrator than speaker , they be not loud at all . you be not hear music , but feel the music . in my opinion this be more of a toy then a useful device . I listen to Pineapple Rumble K Bone Conduction Headphone for about two minute and I could not take the vibrate any more . I be go to keep they just so I can show to anyone who want to see the weirdest earphone in the world . and no way they could be worth the msrp . Mabe $ 5.00 at most .
158	Headphone	NEG	2	I buy my sennheiser in July 2011 and I be write in April 2012 . I have use these headphone on a almost aily basis in the gym and on plane and train . the sound quality be reasonable but be better with the noise cancel turn on . they sound distinctly flat when use without the noise canceling . the noise cancellation introduce a low volume hiss if it be use without a sound source . overall the best sound quality be achieve use the noise cancel turn up to the max and adjust volume on my mp3 player . the battery life of the nc be reasonable too . I never like the way they fold and most of the time do not fold they . I have give these a score of two star because they have break . the right hand speaker now only emit the occasional thump leave the left hand side in perfect work order . this be not relate to the cable as waggle they do not change a thing . so half my headphone have die within one year of use . these be not baby but nor be they abuse . I would like to recommend they but at full price I feel that they fragility let they down . I be glad I buy a extended warranty ...
923	Headphone	POS	4	I have be buy the Sennheiser PMX 60 for a few year because they stay in place no matter what activity I be do and they sound quality while listen to talk radio . well , after use my philip headphone , I be not go back ! these headphone be much less expensive , stay in place and have superior sound quality . I use to switch to a different headphone to listen to my mp3 player but can now use my philip for both . the only thing I can not comment on be durability and from read comment by other buyer , they may not hold up . not know about durability be why I give 4 star instead of 5 .
813	Headphone	POS	4	if you be a fan of heavy bass , and a sound that blow you away , these be not the headphone for you . however , the sound be crisp and clear and mellow . you can hear part of song that you have never hear before . that say , the crispness be only too clear to listen to mp3 and other low-quality music source . the headphone bring out they imperfection , as lower quality headohone would disguise they in the mush of they sound . these headphone be great deal at 20 buck for those who do not want to be blow away by a wall of sound and rather appreciate the finer element of any genre of music .
566	Headphone	POS	5	ok ... so here go another comparison between the Koss Portpros and the sennheiser 100 's ? I be not go to bear you . . both headphone be outstanding performer with a ipod ... I own they both ... so which one be my preference ? the sennheiser , for one reason only ... people use they ipod in mall and on the go . there be time when I want to remove the phone from my ear for a few moment -lrb- say , in a store or when have conversation -rrb- . with the Sennheisers , I can remove the phone from my ear and let they `` hang '' around my neck in comfort ... try this with the Koss 's and they will place a stranglehold on you . for this reason alone , I recommend the Senn 's . both , in my humble opinion , sound equally good .
628	Headphone	NEG	1	my son use these at we local library , where we assume that they have experience a lot of wear and tear . within a couple of time of my son wear they , one of the earphone pad have come off , and would not stay on . give the size of the pad , and how hard the earphone be without the pad , they would have be too uncomfortable to wear without both pad . I guess that we could have glue it back on , but , we be not impress by the fit , either . we end up buy the `` Kidz Gear Wired Headphones '' , and have be much happier with they .
875	Headphone	POS	4	I buy these for my husband to use at the gym and he love they . they stay in place while he do he cardio and be small enough to fit into he pocket when he want to keep they off . he say the sound be very clear . I want a pair now !
290	Headphone	POS	5	buy these a few week ago , have be use they purely for studio work , which I be convinced they be design for without much thought to the home user . these have a very flat frequency response and a sharp and unforgiving dynamic response , along with very little of the harmonic excitement or sound colouration that make consumer headphone sound `` better '' . you can pick the part from the mix with ease and you can almost see the knob on the dynamics effect use in record whatever you be listen to . if you be look to make music and want to hear PRECISELY what be come through the wire , these headphone can not be better under # 150 . if you have not the slightest clue what I have be talk about and just want to listen to you music , go buy something else , but beware ; audio equipment that color sound -lrb- ie the vast majority of suppose `` audiophile '' equipment -rrb- will sound great with one peice of music and will kill another stone dead .
826	Headphone	POS	4	I be hopeful about this product after try so many other option to keep my iPhone cord from tangle . when I see this I be not sure how I would take to have something attach to my cord when use they . I order this anyway cause I would try everything else . it be the best thing I have try so far but its not perfect . the cord do not stay inside the channel . they keep struggle to get out which be annoying but I do not think there be a way to avoid it cause the cord do need to be able to be pull out if you want to use the item as a phone stand . when I want to wrap the cord up it be relatively easy , when the cord stay in the channel . just pull the bud down and then wrap the cord around the middle and tuck in the plug ! now I gotta find a way to keep the iPhone earbud to stay in my ear !
461	Headphone	POS	5	I have be use these most day for a couple of week now and I think they be well worth the ten buck . I have a larger head -lrb- I wear a 7.75 hat -rrb- and these fit comfortably . I agree with other poster that if you have they on for more than about a hour you start to really notice they where they go over the top of the ear , but for a hour workout they be perfect . my gym play hard rock music way to loud and these work great to tune it out . they fold flat similar to a pair of glass when not in use and I can carry they around in my pocket with a ipod and they be not too obnoxious . bottom line , great price for a good product .
350	Headphone	NEG	1	I run . I sweat . I be not be pay by Philips corporate headquarters to write this review . I too have spend somewhere in the hundred try to find that perfect , do not slide out of my ear after a mile , with good sound quality headphone . well sadly enough , these be not it . the sound be embarrassing -lrb- which be not why I buy they -rrb- , the headphone start to slide as soon as you be ready to run some distance , and you might be think : how do a pair of headphone slide when they be ear clip on ? low and behold , this set have manage to do so . and once they have start to slip , it be over ... it be all over . in my experience , there be no way to get they comfortably back on , even if you have dry they . the sound be even worse than before if I even bother to dry they mid-run , they wont fit snug again in my ear if they have to be take off mid-run , and they have this ridiculously long cord , long enough to hang myself out of frustration . I always know Philips make crap electronics , but I be willing to try anything , I have about ten or fifteen pair and they be all lame . the best pair I have have , have be a Sony pair , that be not even sport edition , or waterproof , or anything -lrb- they be however expensive -rrb- . if you be consider buy this product , I would keep look , there be better choice out there , although more expensive ... consider what you will spend on this pair and then another pair , and spend about that amount to begin with . or just by a pair of cheapo Skull candy headphone , they be about as sport friendly as these . good luck . sorry philip , I have to tell the truth .
599	Headphone	POS	5	I enjoy listen to hi-fi audio through headphone . my setup be laptop use JetAudio -- -rrb- Predator DAC\/AMP -- -rrb- d5000 . the can be great ! superb detail and honest to music reproduction w that wow factor . Bass seem heavy but I like it . I be burn they in now . I own d2000 and audio-technica 990-ti 's and each have they home but I listen mostly to the d5000 's now .
183	Headphone	POS	5	I buy these headphone just yesterday , have be use they for Multiplayer gaming and music on my pc . the quality of sound be outstanding , highly recommend these .  the price leave a bit of a hole in you pocket though !
233	Headphone	NEG	1	I have hope with this product as many of the review be positive . I should have listen to the critique more . out of the box on my first run you 'll notice that if you so much as brush the wire that connect to the plug you will get static . I will say that the fit and comfort be there and as long as that wire be not touch -lrb- tough to do while run -rrb- the sound be good . after about 6 run though you realize that the speaker themselves be hold in by the fragile piece of rubber surround the speaker . once the rubber move , the speaker literally fall out . you be leave to attempt to put the speaker back in and snap the rubber around they like a rubber band . apparently I must have do this incorrectly as my right earpiece no longer work . for a $ 30 product I be not go to mess around with return and warranty , instead I be still now in the market for good headphone to use while run . my clear advice , run away from this product .
644	Headphone	POS	5	these head phone be very nice and comfortable . the sound quality be great . when you first take they out of the package though they look like guitar head phone at the end , like they would plug into a amp . or something but you just take that off and it plug into anything else like a ipod .
791	Headphone	NEG	1	arrive on-time however the right headphone be completely dead . do not bother on buy these . I guess that be why these 80 dollar headphone be list for 50 dollar off ... seem like good constuction but if they do not work , what be the point .
922	Headphone	NEG	1	as the other reviewer have mention - yes , the chord be terrible . in less than a year the wire be come apart and ready to break at the minus plug . decent sound quality be no use if the headphone become useless in a few month . Hope the manufacturer take note of this very common complaint .
489	Headphone	POS	5	I buy these after read several review on Amazon . some be not so flattering but I find these headphone amazing ! some of the performance come from the fact that the phone have little rubber tip that seal the headphone in you ear canal . it sound uncomfortable but the rubber be very thin and it really be not . the phone come with a few spare tip of different size . I be listen to Tocata and Fugue in D minor at the moment and it be incredibly realistic . I would say that the base be strong but I think the response across the frequency spectrum be very good . I would be very happy even if I have pay twice as much .
651	Headphone	NEG	1	I have high expectation on these earbud but I be disappoint . First off , the quality of the cable be subpar as they feel cheap . secondly , the sound quality itself be horrible . I use the earbud at the gym and the sound be very low and the quality be minimal at best . then , I try they on my Galaxy Nexus and again the sound be very low even at the maximum volume level . there be no base at all either . I would not recommend these earbud for anyone . there be no bass whatsoever as well . even the cheap $ 10 skull candy earbud have better sound quality then this .
522	Headphone	NEG	1	this be probably the worst frackalakin piece of blacoopa i have eva wakalaking snakin ever get . I mean this headphone so bad its be very bad . I hate its headphone gut . you understand I heaphone I hate you soo much you can go die in a frazinglining hole .
501	Headphone	NEG	2	sound be bad , high break , hollow mid and nonexistent low . fit be ok , I do have to adjust they while I run . I do not recommend they .
337	Headphone	NEG	2	I would have send this back but I need to do some more copying . it be a piece of junk as far as I be concern . a piece of plastic junk hope it last until I be do need it . also the door do not stay closed and once you send the record to I tune that be it it be do . just like everything else these day poorly make and way overprice .
370	Headphone	NEG	2	I do not know if this be a bad design or I just have my bad luck get a defect one . when I walk around with this stuff on , I can hear a very disturbing noise . later I find out the earphone actually deliver and amplify the friction noise between its cord and the zipper on my jacket to my ear ! you can avoid this problem by be static -lrb- people alive will not always be static -rrb- , or by wear soft material clothing with no zipper . other pro and con . pro : decent sound quality build in volumn contol con : ugly look except the sennheiser brand on it uncomfortable earbud -lrb- too large -rrb-
837	Headphone	NEG	1	these headphone break when I be change the tip on they . they be not very durable . the plastic be thin and cheap . also there be this piece of plastic stick out of it that stab you ear . it hurt quite a bit . this be a mistake , luckily they be not that expensive . not recommend .
540	Headphone	POS	4	they fit perfect , they sound clear , these bud have a great blend of bass , mid and high ... the build quality be excellent . for the price ... these earbud be a great value in my opinion . noise cancellation be almost perfect ... just make sure you fit they properly to you ear ... I 'll be keep these pair . .
997	Headphone	POS	5	I have be professionally record for 15 year , and have own these since day 1 . I use these headphone both in the concert hall and in the studio . I recently buy a second pair , just so I have a spare for the day that my first pair die . I highly recommend these headphone for all you recoding and listen need . after 15 year of continual use , the only thing start to happen be that the cover over the foam be just now start to separate . but , I fully expect they to last another 15 year at least .
990	Headphone	NEG	1	delivery date be Dec 20 . no sign of it and no option to contact the seller on my account . help ?
157	Headphone	NEG	1	I buy 2 pair of these for my 3 year old granddaughter to use while watch dvd in we Sienna minivan . both set quit within 2 week of purchase . we be now use the one that come with the van by roll up a washcloth around the top to make they fit better . too bad there be not any other one available that will fit kid small head . I would give these a zero instead of a 1 if I could . do not waste you money .
864	Headphone	NEG	2	foreword : I use these for my home computer . I be 23 and a very experienced computer user . there be a few thing about these headphone that make they seem as if they be design by someone who have never be tell what they would be use for . let 's start off with the fact that they be wireless headphone , but the charge base have two frustratingly short wire you need to accommodate . there be the obvious input jack that pull the sound from the computer . it be so short -lrb- 4 or 5 foot maybe ? -rrb- that it become a real pain to position in a convenient\/attractive way in the room . it create one of those taut , easy to accidentally snag hang wire situation that have end in my charge base startlingly slam to the floor on a few occasion . the charge base need to be plug into a wall jack with a equally short cord , however , this one end in a inexplicably large ac adapter that will require you to shuffle -lrb- if not completely unplug -rrb- some of you other gadget ac input . yes , you have hear I right . amount of wire to deal with on a regular , 2 dollar set of headphone from a 7-11 : 1 wire . amount of wire to deal with on a pair of 70 dollar sennheiser : 2 wire , both of which be too short and clunky . be I miss something here ? perhaps even worse be the auto-off feature of the headphone . if the headphone receive no audio information for about five minute -lrb- i.e. the CD you be listen to end , the movie you be watch be over and you have fall asleep in bed -rrb- , the headphone will shut off to preserve battery life . but rather than just go quiet , you get a earful of unending , louder than holy hell static . so every time you pc go quiet for more than five minute and you have those headphone on , get ready to crap yourself when they kick in with horror-movie-level , ear-splitting static . I know these have get great review , but most of those come from people who have own the product for about a week . over prolonged use , you learn to hate these thing . do yourself a favor and buy a cheapo , 1-wire , no static pair from anywhere else .
65	Headphone	NEG	1	Review update after 6 + month of product ownership : have use these on 6 domestic trip about 2 international trip of 8 + hr to Europe and Asia . I try the bose qc-15 for about 2 week and then I have now use these for 2 trip ... and here be my conclusion : 1 -rrb- Noise Cancelling : these be no bose ... there be a significant different between the Noise cancelling of this one vs. the bose . so you get what you pay for . these do not seem to get rid of all the `` white noise '' like on a airplane etc. . noise be my primary need ... and these do a ok job but not outstanding . 2 -rrb- comfort : Bose win ... these SUCK . wear these on a extended flight and after about 2 hour , with Audio Technica , I have to keep take they off to give my ear some rest . this part be really annoying and that be why I have change my review from 3 star to 1 star . after 2 hour , you ear will be burn ... the stretch band across the top be not long enough and will start to dig into you brain ... just miserable on comfort what good be any other feature of noise cancel if these can not be worn . 3 -rrb- music : not my specialty . both play music , with Audio-Technica , the good thing be that it play even when it be turn off ... so if you battery die on a long trip , you can still use these for listen to you music , but with bose , you would be SOL . 4 -rrb- cost : these be about half of the bose ... so you get what you pay for . on further consideration , because of the comfort issue , you do not want to use these after a while , so you do not really even get what you pay for at half the price . I do not want these to get cheaper ... but why can not these guy make they more comfortable . who decide to make the head-strap to NOT be very long ? who decide not to use the softer padding over the ear ? and why be not the ear-cup a little bigger to surround my ear better . I be ready to try on-ear model and see how that do . Consumer Reports rate even the Audio-Technica on-ear model better than these . what a disappointment , do not waste you money . I 'll be put mine up for sale on e-bay if anyone want they .
161	Headphone	POS	4	ive have the hd 280 pro for what seem to be 4 year , they still sound great , no loose rattle typical in old use speaker component . however the plastic and leather material be start to peel and deteriorate similar to a old car center console , other then that they work well . I write this because I be scared they will melt into goop and ruin my hair cut tho . I would buy again just keep in mind you wont be able to write they in you will or anything like that .
386	Headphone	POS	5	I really have to say that for this price , you usally think you can not get too much of a good piece of equipment , but that be not always true . these be great headphone , especially if all you use they for be for now and then , the n they really serve they purpose . now if you want some super duper acoustic marvelous headphone then buy those that cost you 300 buck and up .
798	Headphone	NEG	1	overprice , overpackage and very uncomfortable . I be almostinsult at how bad they be . with all the other hassle , i do not even care if they sound good . asseble the earpiece be like do brain surgery . lame . you can do way better for much less money . try jbud for 20 $ .
270	Headphone	POS	4	it be always difficult to rate headphone and speaker , because the more money you spend , in general , the better sound you get . I decide to compare the V-MODA Remix to the apple-supplied earbud , and my current earphone  Ultimate Ears SuperFi 5 pro noise isolate earphone -lrb- black -rrb-  well since the price be right in the middle of the 2 , you basically get what you pay for in sound quality . as have be note , the Remix be not as clear in the middle and treble . this be obvious when switch back and forth between the ue 5 pro and the Remix . however , without that comparison , one can be satisfy with the Remix , especially in comparison to Apple 's earbud -lrb- shudder -rrb- . the inline volume control work very well and be a great addition to these earphone . also , include be 5 different soft silicone fitting -lrb- a absolute must give the size range of people 's ear canal -rrb- and 2 different over-the ear holder for exercise and other activity . certainly , one can get better sound quality , but it be go to take a much larger investment .
436	Headphone	POS	5	Easy to setup and work really well . able to move about my whole house while listen to my music with no interference .
349	Headphone	NEG	1	I use to have a sennheiser pxc 250 , but it break , so I think to have a try at a different brand . after read all the comment about Sony mdr-nc40 , I think I should give it a try . I receive the item about three day ago , try it on for one day , and it do not work at all . when I use it on the subway , I could still hear the loud noise ; it work like a pair of cheap ear foam filter but more uncomfortable and way more expensive . the headphone be so tight on my ear that it give I a headache . when I be use it on my laptop to watch video , even when I turn on the noise canceling function , I could still hear the loud noise of the tv and my family talk around I ; I end up have to turn up the volume , and eventually change to a pair of normal headphone , which work the same but have better sound quality . I just want something that be light weighted and actually do the job that it say it do , which be cancel noise . this one totally do not work for I at all . not sure if it be defect or simply not work the way it claim . either way , I be return this item today .
311	Headphone	POS	5	okay , I be a earbud geek . I own higher-end product from Ety , Shure , Ultimate Ears and even Senn in the bud category . always on the lookout for a good efficient earbud that do not absolutely require a separate headphone amp for decent sound . the ie7 from Senn sound pretty good plug directly into my iPhone 4 . at home I do not have those limitation . I use the hd650 with they original cable -- I know there be some mighty fine upgrade out there but have not try they . this cable run nicely from the side table where the phone and amp live to my inherit Eames chair . Heaven . 3 year ago , I build my own SET tube amp , impedance match and bias adjust specifically for the hd650 . I have have these phone for go on 9 year now and they have never sound better . for a long time I be run they with a Creek amp and that setup by the way sound very , very good . if you have these and a Creek obh-11 you have better sound than 99.9 % of human . be happy . I be , but my trusty Creek get lose in a move . never be satisfy , I begin my search for something that cost less yet sound way better than the Creek . at this point you be in DIY territory . if you be good with electronics , can read a schematic and can do a professional solder joint , then you too can learn enough to build a great sound headphone amplifier . Mine cost I about 65 buck in part and a bit more than that in good audiophile quality tube . it run very hot , and it make the bass just jump off the hd650 . there be very good solid state headphone amp for the 650 , and musical Fidelity make a great tubed output stage that will take the edge off a lot of solid state preamp . so you can get wonderful enjoyment out of this set of can even with a solid state amp section . but the hd650 be flat out make to be drive by tube . you have never hear something so balanced , smooth , non-fatiguing and yet with authority up and down the spectrum come through something attach to you head -lrb- unless you have pay substantially more -rrb- . I lose my Creek amp , spend a few week source plan and part , get a buddy to help I cut , smooth , weld , powdercoat and drill my chassis , then spend a couple of night put everything together , switch resistor and pot to balance the sound , adjust bias and set up for the high end of the hd650 's rate input voltage , clean the silver contact , and set up . since then I have burn out a tube and replace the pair with a different-sounding pair . not much , but definitely more treble without sacrifice that sweet smoothness that be tube gear 's utter lack of odd-order harmonic distortion . when you clip this thing it still sound nice . it be hard to clip at anything like tolerable listening level , but there be some Floyd track that make any amp\/speaker combo nut , and also some hi-fi organ recording that will put you gear into shutdown if you try to play they at actual volume level . in situation like that , the 650 have be pretty well-behaved since switch to tube . with solid state amplification you feel like you might break they if you do not immediately cut the volume under some circumstance , but this setup give I more volume with less stress on the can . I have reach my own peak of happiness with these headphone . I know there be even higher mountain out there to climb , but I have no desire to even try . the hd650 be a stone cold bargain in headphone consider the sound it can deliver . I listen to a lot of choir and small combo jazz on these , as well as my sister and brother-in-law 's piano recording -lrb- they be both work concert pianist as well as music educator -rrb- . so once in a while I get a new piano piece on a sd card in the mail -- the past couple year it have be mostly Ravel so I guess I be learn to like Ravel . brother-in-law always convert live to Apple Lossless use the good mic and generally good acoustic and electronics in the university 's recital hall . musician can be picky about they record sound . iTunes spit it out to the iPod Nano which have surprisingly good sound use a Russ Andrews interconnect -lrb- inexpensive and highly recommend for good sound breakout from Apple product -rrb- . the iPhone sound fine as well , but I think the Nano sound better . the look of this setup be just fantastic as well . iphone\/ipod with its up-to-the-minute tech and styling , hook up to my homebuilt tube amp , design to evoke in miniature the great Marantz tube amp of the past . with a gorgeous pair of hd650 next to it . the one thing I would like be a nice charge dock like the one Arcam make with a remote . the Russ Andrews cable be plenty long enough to not need a remote -- I can just hold the device in my hand and operate it without get up , and the Arcam dock will not sound any better . but the cable still will not charge the device . the bottom line of all this gear-bragging , the reason why I go into such detail about the setup I use , be this : all of it be design around my sennheiser hd650 phone . they be the basis for all the effort I put into the rest of it -lrb- okay , that and save significant money over just about any decent retail headphone amp -rrb- . I should get one of those little `` Works with iPhone '' sticker and put it on my tube amp . if the hd650 ever break , I will probably buy another one just like it , unless somebody can show I a less expensive option that sound better -- which I doubt . one of the great bargain in high fidelity . if you want great sound and can not afford thousand of dollar in amp and speaker , you can get great sound -- privately -- with these can and a minor investment in a good tubed headphone amp or even a good solid state one . when I buy these , you could get they all day long for $ 350 and I get they on sale at $ 290 . you do not see those price today . I figure I be into my current setup -- ipod interconnect , amp and headphone -- for under $ 500 . you will pay more today , but there be simply no cheaper way to get this kind of great sound . period .
584	Headphone	POS	5	I buy these for my son , after he very extensive research into find the best quality headphone on the market . without a doubt , these be not only a great value for the price but in any price range . the sound be amazing ! as a hat off to Amazon : these be actually a little hard to find ... not only do you have they , but they be at a discounted price . they also arrive on the exact date on the shipping confirmation .
287	Headphone	NEG	1	these bud do not flex at all & be way too big for my average size ear . the sound be okay for the price , but they hurt to use !!
721	Headphone	POS	5	these be the best headphone I have own . they stay in place and have clear sound as I run , my other type of headphone would fall out of my ear and I would have to constantly stop and put they back in , not with these I love they .
592	Headphone	POS	4	I buy these to replace the original ipod ear phone that have start die on I . I want something for a reasonable price that would help block out some noise as I take the bus and subway every day . these do the trick !!! I have be able to turn the volume of my ipod down by half and it sound louder and better then with the old ipod ear phone . also the noise canceling do work , I hardly hear the subway anymore .
146	Headphone	NEG	2	no matter how the sound quality be , I think this headphone be very uncomfortable . I originally want to get the Boss oe2 , but go for this because it be much cheaper . but I do not like how it feel when I wear it .
214	Headphone	POS	5	I have have these headphone for 2 year now . so you people who Broke Yours in a Month or less do not take good CARE of THIS PRODUCT . I be a DJ and Use these and the over the ear Solo beat Headphones both Great Sound and Quality .
223	Headphone	POS	5	there be a lot of detailed review over here , so I just add my personal experience after have those headphone for a long time . those be just great , long battery life and the most important feature great overall sound . those be great for music and the surround effect add a lot for movie as well . we have a decent 5.1 configuration and we find ourselves more and more use those headphone instead , specially when we watch poor encode movie . I be not audiophile , but I can tell a difference between different quality and I find those be at top of all headphone that I have include wire one . the problem that we find : each pair of headphone can be pair only with one base at the same time . repair process be not comfortable to do it all the time , so if you have two basis you need to have different headphone for it . overall great purchase and really recommend product in spite of its relative high price tag .
38	Headphone	POS	5	i love this little guy for one its hellum cheaper then at like guitar center or radio shack and it work great i can now record myself on my computer with this so im happy
500	Headphone	NEG	2	I have be look for a Bluetooth headphone for a while now and when I find the Logitech headphone it be the design that I be look for . a small headset that be wireless and it do not look like a studio headset . I get the headset in December and it work well for about 3 week and then develop the crack that other reviewer have describe . I get a replacement headphone and it also develop a crack in less than a week even when I try to be careful when handle it . if it be not for the crack , I would have easily rate the headphone 4 star . Amazon be very helpful when I report the problem and I get a full refund after I return the headphone .
108	Headphone	POS	4	I purchase these to run with , as the ear bud fall out . for run and exercise these thing work excellently . good sound , comfortable , and -lrb- most importantly -rrb- they do not fall out . now when I wear they to the gym I notice they look a bit odd as they follow you ear contour and thus stick out a bit - but consider all the other weird outfit that be at the gym I feel fully comfortable with these on .
962	Headphone	NEG	2	these be not very good . I do not like how they fall of my ear so easily . I have to keep push they back in and the sound quality be comprimise .
959	Headphone	POS	5	I purchase this splitter to route audio from my computer to a 2.1 speaker set and to a 5.1 receiver . so far , so good , I have have no problem with it . it be a real simple component but simple problem do not necessarily guarantee simple , reliable solution . it look like we have a winner here .
880	Headphone	POS	5	thanks about the special service i hope to bye more like those send to I and i hope to recive the same good service and bonus good look thanks mohana mexico
316	Headphone	NEG	2	the sound on these be pretty amazing but the talk button on the wire be very sensitive and if you be use these while work out and they get the tiniest bit of sweat on they they cause you ipod or ipad to spazz out and the video to fast forward , rewind , and to change song . it be very nerve wrack to say the least .
426	Headphone	POS	5	these be order for a gift and I end up keep they for myself . the sound quality be wonderful . do the stylish case , they be easy to pack and take with I when I travel .
215	Headphone	POS	5	my husband have use the Sennheiser rs-120 headphone at night so he do not disturb my sleep and be extremely happy with the performance . they be comfortable to wear and the sound be crisp and clear . also , the silence be golden for I .
854	Headphone	POS	5	I do not bother with spec . I use they , they be great . only thing I would change be the long cord . who need 10 foot for a portable mp3 player . but that be easy to solve with a wire tie . the 10 foot do come in handy for listen to my mp3 's on my computer . I have 10 foot to dance around in , instead of the 4 ft. on my older , lower quality sony headphone . so , if you be into spec , I can not help you , but if you just want some great headphone at a great price , these should work for you . they be crisp , but can thump when call upon , too .
700	Headphone	NEG	1	the sound be awesome for the short time they last . wire come away from ear bud .
728	Headphone	POS	4	great product , easy to set up and get go . have not take the headphone for a full `` spin '' yet , but use they so far to watch tv without keep the family awake have be just great . the sound be amazing . I would recommend these to other 100 % . aa
367	Headphone	POS	5	already purchase this headphone an be one of my best purchase . the sound quality in normal music or movie be excellent and on hd movie or music be outstanding for $ 20.00 be a excellent product . very comfortable and luxury design . I really recommend this product .
17	Headphone	POS	5	well I admit it , I be a base-head who like a healthy volume too . I try several Sennheiser and Koss product and they be ... well ok . I even try the super expensive ety 's -lrb- 4p 's -rrb- and while the sound be good with the Ety 's they be very uncomfortable in the ear after 20 minute and the `` microphonic '' effect be a bit much .  however , the Sony 71 's insert very smoothly , feel comfortable for hour and stay put ! . they sound incredible with a luscious deep bottom end that you feel . high be crisp and mid-range be smooth as well . they be also 16 ohm in impedance so they be remarkably efficeint and do not require a lot of power to drive to good volume . so many portable headphone be 32 Ohm and even higher and thus require a lot more power to drive to decent level , which result in faster battery drain .  one earbud cord be intentionally longer than the other to allow you to run the cord behind the head -lrb- if you want -rrb- and drape straight down to the side you be wear you portable unit . `` same-length '' earbud cord result in the main cord have to run awkwardkly `` across '' you body . a very nice innovative touch from Sony ! give these a try folk . the Amazon price `` be '' one of the lowest out there ! I be order a second back-up pair !
418	Headphone	NEG	1	the connect point where the hook go into the headphone be loose , so they do not stay in place very well . the sound quality be ok , but because it wont clamp onto the ear well enough I lose a lot of sound definition which make it sound pretty crappy overall . my primary problem with headphone be the cord that connect to the mp3 player stop work because it rip at the base of the plug . I buy these about 3 month ago and the where the cord connect to the metal plug have completely come undo . I think it may be because I wrap my headphone around my mp3 player before I put it in my pocket . but nonetheless , this cord do not last near as long as some of the cheaper headphone I have purchase .
955	Headphone	POS	4	sound : Great range and pretty flat signature , but not the most precision nor the biggest soundstage . look : lay non you desk or hang around you neck , these look phenomenally retro . on you head , they can be pretty bulbous -lrb- I would have prefer the flatter design of the old sr-60 -rrb- . comfort : not as comfortable as around-ear phone nor smaller on-ears , and the hard vinyl band will irritate a thinly-haired head , but nothing major to complain about . they be somewhat adjustable by bend the headband . durability : I cant imagine these will ever break or wear out . Grado be also well-known for they repair service , so you be cover not exactly design to be portable , it have a huge cable -lrb- in all dimension -rrb- and similarly large jack that do not want to work with ipod case -lrb- it can be drive by portable player , though -rrb- . it work great for sedentary use , though , and be comfortable enough to be worn for hour on end .
309	Headphone	POS	5	I have have these headphone for a few day now and have to say that I be really impress by they beautiful sound and superb comfort . the sound from these headphone really bring alive you jazz , rock and hip-hop favorite ... if you do not already have nice headphone you 'll be hear thing in you music you have never hear before . a great example for I be listen to Ornette Coleman 's `` the shape of jazz to come '' follow by the root `` do you want more ?!!!??! '' play through iTunes at 128 kbp \/ 44.100 khz - not exactly a range advocate by audiophile , but the music sound full , rich , complex and beautiful ... very nice response from deep bass to high end . if you be go to be listen to CD 's or audio through a ipod or computer at home , these headphone be perfect . any better headphone be go to be a waste of money unless you be go to be listen to vinyl through a nice amp . note : the impedance of these headphone be 50 ohm , not 120 ohm as list on Amazon . this make these headphone perfect for listen to portable electronics \/ computer , rather than more expensive headphone like the hd-595 's which will really require a separate headphone amp to bring out they best . a additional note for first-time headphone buyer - these be `` dynamic , open '' style headphone , which mean that these be best for home use . the open style mean that some audio be go to pass from the outside of the headphone -lrb- would drive officemate in a quiet office crazy -rrb- , and external sound be not go to be well attenuate - mean that they be perfect for a quiet home or office , but will be poor for subway \/ airplane \/ noisy street use . overall a great set of headphone for they purpose - home audio \/ portable electronics .
232	Headphone	POS	4	I be now on my third pair of these headphone . I use they when training -lrb- running , gym , etc -rrb- and the first two pair last about 6-7 month before the cable fail . both time the cable fail at the point where it split \/ be join to the headphone . why do I still keep buy they and give a four star review ? sound be good , they be very light , extremely comfortable , not too expensive , and I do give they a lot of abuse so do not expect they to last forever .
225	Headphone	NEG	2	I get these to go jogging because they look nice , be from a reputable brand , and have positive review . I see the review about they be big , but I assume these people have especially small ear , since the majority of reviewer like they . I have very average size ear for a woman . in every aspect , these be too big . at a little over 5\/8 '' , the depth be so large that they stick out farther than any part of my ear . they measure 1 3\/8 '' from the center of the earbud to the top of the loop , which be just enough room to brush the top of my ear uselessly . the earbud itself be so large that it get painful if you keep it in too long . the only thing that allow it to stay in place -lrb- only when there be no motion on the cord -rrb- be that it curl in tightly enough that the part that go behind the ear fit ; but even that be not rigid enough to comfortably hold it . all this combined means that while run , I have to put the cord through my shirt so there be no movement at the ear hook , and the wind go through the part not touch my ear definitely travel into the headphone to create a noisy environment . when it be in place , the sound quality be decent , although there be not much bass . the sound be crisp . the cord be not the highest quality , so after use it for a week , it still retain the bend and fold where they be in the original package device . so in conclusion , measure you ear and compare to the above number before purchase . if it fit , at around $ 6 , it be a great deal . if not , it be definitely not worth the hassle .
934	Headphone	NEG	1	this `` product '' do not last one month of use . I run 3-4 time a week for a hour at a time and that be why I want something water resistant . they look like they can hold up to moisture -lrb- the design be good -rrb- but they be hard to get on you ear and the wire that attach to the ear bud be not even . after 2 week of use they , one of the ear bud do not produce sound anymore . I should have return they but before think , I throw they in the garbage . I do not recommend anyone waste they hard earn money on this piece of crap .
698	Headphone	POS	5	the noise cancellation feature be quite impressive . I be make myself deaf from use in-ear headphone with my iPhone to drown out the noise in a moderately loud office . with the nc300b I can lower the overall volume to safe level , and I can listen to something other than punk or hard rock and it still block the chatter . good quality headphone at a good price . I pay roughly $ 100 .
524	Headphone	NEG	2	too uncomfortable and hard to hear if there be any outside noise . it would be better if they be smaller and would fit nice and snug inside my ear .
936	Headphone	POS	5	it be a shame Sony discontinue this model , I can not speak for the newer model , and frankly , when my last pair finally crap out , I buy another pair of these from a seller who still have they new . they sound incredible for such a cheap pair of headphone . everybody should own a pair .
67	Headphone	NEG	1	I buy this product as a Christmas gift for my wife . it work perfectly for a couple of week and then suddenly the transmitter start work only intermittently , often not at all . I would not buy this product again or recommend it . I definitely have buyer remorse about this purchase . Grrrrr .
353	Headphone	NEG	2	these headphone be definitely a bottom tier set . the frequency response be poor at both end of the spectrum and everywhere in between . the sound reproduction quality be muddy . they distort badly at a relatively low volume . they still beat ear pod which for I , be a abomination . keep a set handy for those time when you other be break or `` lose '' somewhere in you home or auto .
317	Headphone	NEG	1	I order these on Dec 22 , and on Feb 15th the right side quit work . I have only ever use these lightly sit at my desk in my office . I try to get assistance from Jlabs but they wont provide support without a serial number , which be on the manual instead of the product . -lrb- why would I keep the manual for a set of earbud ? -rrb- I even do the proper recommend burn in . they sound a bit better than the stock ipod earbud -lrb- but not dramatically so -rrb- , but I do like that they noise cancel do work really well . it be nice to have in my busy office . the fact that I cant get assistance for the way these just give out because of not have keep all of the paperwork seem like a way for the manufacturer to use a loophole and avoid stand behind they product . bottom line : while I like they when they be work properly , they be extremely fragile -lrb- or poorly make -rrb- and the company 's product support be lack .
281	Headphone	NEG	1	like many , I like to listen to music while I run . well , it be a little difficult with these . they do not stay in my ear , they be painful when I try to position they correctly -lrb- and I be constantly reposition they as I run -rrb- and the over ear plastic section be uncomfortable as well . I be think about go back to my  Nike HJ030 Vapor Sport Bud headphone  -lrb- although the plastic break after a year on the Nike 's , they be actually comfortable and stay put ! I 'll invest the money and actually send in the warranty this time ! -rrb-
409	Headphone	NEG	2	I think I have get the best deal in ear bud for the first week . it be comfortable , lightweight , love the volume control on the cord , stay in place during exercise . the soft plastic cover on the ear bud fall off the 2nd week . I be able to put it back on . but it proceed to fall off again with every use . too bad they can not fix that problem , it would be great , but until then , would not recommend !
148	Headphone	POS	5	the pro : these be my preferred headphone of choice . I live in north Dakota and we get a lot of different condition here and I wear these headphone daily . I be very active and sometimes have a tendency to fall down while these be on . the most that usually happen be they get scuff up a bit . after a while the reflectiveness of the headphone do wear off but all in all a decent headphone . another issue I tend to have with headphone be that they be not comfortable because I have gauge up ear . these be the first headphone that I do not have any problem with my earring push into the side of my head and hurt after wear for 20 min . now the con : I believe this will be the best sound quality you can get from `` active '' style head phone . not eargasmic sound quality but very good none the less . while the protection for the cord on the headphone end make the cord last at that connection , the cord on the plug side have a tendency to end up break inside the cord itself . this be my 3rd pair and the last 2 have have this problem . all in all : I highly recommend these head phone for anyone look for a set of durable , comfortable , fairly good quality sound headphone .
560	Headphone	NEG	2	someone give I a cheap pair of noise cancel headphone from Radio Shack , and I figure I could do better , so I buy these JVC headphone . the retractable cord be a big selling point , and I do like that feature a lot , although it be very hard to find the switch when you be ready to retract the cord . I also want smaller earphone , and several people mention these be good for smaller ear -lrb- which mine be -rrb- . I find these to be very uncomfortable . they be bigger and clunkier than the Radio Shack headset I have , and they be really tight . they really pin my outer ear down -- I could not find a way to adjust they that make they feel any better . the noise reduction feature do work pretty well . no complaint about that . I play a dvd on the plane and could hear even the softest dialogue just fine -lrb- with the volume turn all the way up -rrb- . however , they be not significantly better than my cheaper headphone in that regard . because of the discomfort and overall `` clunkiness , '' I be return these headphone .
94	Headphone	NEG	1	I have go through two pair of these , each pair lose sound in the right ear bud after two month of use . I have use they with the ipod and zune and they just wear out . they be not worth the money .
716	Headphone	NEG	1	I use this item one time , i go to grab they today and plug they in to use for the 2nd time and the right side do not put out any sound ... after the 1st use they work fine , and be keep in a plastic container , for future use . . now when i want to use they , they be broken and junk !!!!!!
536	Headphone	NEG	2	my trusty wire Sony headphone of 15 year finally die after someone roll over the cord with a chair with wheel ... I only use the headphone for practice digital piano at night . during the day i use my  jbl lsr4328p Powered Studio Monitors -lrb- 8 Inch , 220 Watts -rrb-  after look around for a budget friendly but highly recommend wireless -lrb- know that wire sound better , but for the ease of just be able to walk around tempt I -rrb- , I choose the Sennheiser r 120 wireless headphone . it do have mix review , but most be positive , so I go ahead and order it . it be a simple and solid design with on\/off switch , volume control , and tuning control . when do use it , just put it back on the cradle and you do not have to plug in anything . it fit pretty well , but sudden movement be not recommend , as it will surely fall of the head . after charge it overnight on its cradle , I be excite to use it . well , it be pretty obvious when it be not in the right frequency , so it be easy to find that one small area where it be the `` sweet spot . '' except , even the sweet spot be not so sweet . there be whole lot of static noise and it be very distracting when I be try to think while play . when I be play forte , it be as if the headphone 's try to protect my ear , it muffle the sound and no matter how hard I pound on the key , it feed no more than mezzo piano . it come back to normal volume after a loooong while of play really softly or nothing . it be very strange . I be only keep it around for when I absolutely need wireless headphone and be about to search for a new wire headphone .
383	Headphone	POS	5	very fast shipment . excellent sound quality , great bass . slick cord . fit great . look durable , let 's hope it be . really great sound for the price .
116	Headphone	NEG	1	I be a huge Sony guy , but these be some of the worst headphone I have try . the bass be often overwhelming , the construction be shoddy at best , the plastic cheap and uncomfortable , and they be UGLY ! they be huge and do not adjust well . the sound switch on the ear be foolish and useless -lrb- make no difference -rrb- . they be extremely uncomfortable , especially on the top of the head . I return these and buy the latest sennheiser hd202 headphone which blow these away for about the same price . buy SENNHEISER hd202 instead !!! Trust I !  sennheiser hd 202 headphone
702	Headphone	NEG	1	I get these as a sad gift - the overall sound quality be quite bad -lrb- when nc - noise cancellaton-is turn off -rrb- . not much low frequency and minimal high frequency content . so purely as headphone - they fall at the bottom of the heap . with nc turn on , there be some amplification of the sound - so it sound louder . the nc effect itself - well - its kind of work , but not much . probably about 20 percent of the noise be take care of . do not even try compare the performance of the bose to these -lrb- I do so - use a co-passenger bose qc3 - and it be a revelation - one work beautifully and this one barely do so -rrb- . I plan to get a pair of Panasonic RPHC300 now -lrb- since I do not have $ 300 to burn -rrb- . I be curious how the nc effect be implement for the left and right earpiece . there be no wire that connect the right side -lrb- with the battery and nc electronics -rrb- with the left earpiece . go figure this one out : -rrb- . I have some idea - but that would mean this be not a stereo headset . too lazy to experiment further with this piece of junk . the good thing be they fold quite well .
602	Headphone	NEG	2	R.I.P. March 29th 2012 . I love Sennheiser and they sound quality but I be utterly disappoint after six month . the build quality of these headphone be cheap especially the wiring . I take great care of my earphone and it even have a case . I still have my iPod Video Class 60 gb in perfectly work condition . I be a audiophile where I will sacrifice eat out for a good set of headphone because I do not like to compromise when it come to quality to my ear . I be very meticulous when I finish use they and wrap they in a certain manner to avoid they be tangle . warranty 2 year but do not get you hope , it will not get you anywhere . my brother have recommend I to switch to Klipsch IMAGE S4 In-Ear enhance Bass Noise-Isolating Headphones -lrb- Black -rrb- Let 's see how do they fair in a couple of week .
208	Headphone	NEG	2	I do lot of cycling as well as weight training and always use earbud to help the time pass . I have 5 different set of bud and this Panasonic set be my least favorite . the high be clear and well define but they have zero and I mean zero bass . all four of my other bud have better bass response although all be not as clear . if you really like treble with little bass these be the bud for you but if you like metal or rock these be weak . I do like the ear piece as they do stay put , just can not listen to the `` tinny '' sound these produce .
736	Headphone	POS	5	these be the most comfortable earbud I have find . my ear be easily irritated by hard round ear piece and even `` marshmallow '' type become uncomfortable after a few minute . these feel custom make with the very flexible ear piece cover . the variety of ear piece cover can give most people the same comfortable fit and great sound . love the variety of color too !
731	Headphone	POS	4	sound quality be good , but the way it sit on top of you head will cause you to feel pressure\/headaches after 1 or 2 hour . then again , the whole thing 's pretty cheap , so for the quality it be a `` 3-star '' product , and amend for the price it be `` 4-star . ''
856	Headphone	NEG	1	I like these headphone when I receive they it be bad quality , I can only hear on one side and if i hold the plug the right direction !!! NOT HAPPY : - -lrb- they be not the cheapest either ...
31	Headphone	POS	5	all the positive review across the internet be absolutely right . from the time I put they on , these headphone be completely different from any I have previously own . the range of sound be superb , and the bass response be surprising for a package of this size . sound clarity be not a issue , you can crank the volume up quite high without any distortion . here be some more feature : - extremely portable : the px100 fold up into a little carry case - easy on the ear : the only time I have have any slight discomfort whatsoever be when I wear they for 6 hour straigh . - easy to drive : even on my AAA battery-driven zen micro mp3 player I do not need to max the volume to hear everything well . here be some other thing to consider : - since these be portable , the cord be only 5 ft long ; you will most likely need a extension if you plan on use they with a desktop pc . - these be OPEN headphone , so some sound leak out : most music and sound be barely audible a few foot away from the px100 , but game sound -lrb- gunfire , explosion , etc. -rrb- and rock music seem to propagate easily because of the sharp , intense sound . if you need a pair of headphone to use in a quiet area , I would suggest buy a closed pair -lrb- earcup -rrb- or some canal earphone -lrb- one that go inside the ear canal -rrb- . all in all , a great buy , consider that most headphone do not begin to sound this good until you hit $ 60 .
247	Headphone	POS	5	buy these about 3 week now , and this will be my first review due to the outstanding product I receive , I never expect so much . I have the Senheissers eh150 before , they be great but uncomfortable and I could not get enough of they , I breath music for leave and I just want more , you know what I mean . so I start to read about headphone and search everywhere review so I could figure out which Headphones I want . after a lot of reading I find that these be really cheap here a amazon , I mean really cheap . this be the best choice after all , do not let the price of these distract you , they be absolutely awesome . now I be have a lot of trouble organize my time because I just want to hear every single song on my iTunes with these , you just hear a whole different thing , every song sound like you be listen to it for the very first time , you discover thing you do not notice before , its just surreal . . for real . buy this , you 'll never regret !! oh and i forget to mention they be very comfortable im impressed , i usually have problem with headphone , i cant use they for a long time cause they 'll bother I , this be not the case , i can wear they for day ! p . for real . . buy THESE ! 2nd p . if you happen to like Radiohead , please buy these and listen to in rainbow with they , you 'll listen it as a whole new thing .
