index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
195	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have this system for just about 2 month and I think it be great ! I have no complaint about this system . the overall quality be great whether you be watch a dvd , play a dvd-audio , listen to a cd or even just listen to the stereo . if you be look for a system that be compact , stylish , sound great and do not cost a arm and a leg , get this one !
824	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after wait for 2 month , my system be deliver late September , and since then Movies and Music hav not be the same . I personally think it have a Veryclosesound to the bose system that the other reviewer mention . it be far superorto Sony 's DAVS300 Home Theater , i mean a 120 watt sub to a 30 Watt , that no comparision . the only thing that dissapoint I be that the 6 Channel Amp do not support DTS , all though the 5.1 Dolby Digital do still sound fantastic through the compact sattelite speaker , i have have my system at full volume and there be not one little bit of distortion . another bad thing also be that the CD player do not read CDR 's which be a slight dissapointment , the Sound Field Control -lrb- SFC -rrb- which feature Heavy , Disco , Live , Hall etc. . each of they do not sound different at all , whether that a problem with my system or not ? the Sub-Woofer when set to sw 4 be very powerful with enough Bass to blow down you front Door ! the 5-disc changer be a great idea but a little slow in change disc -lrb- 11 seconds from disc1 to Disc 5 -rrb- when play back Music Cd 's the System automaticaly respond , produce such a high quality which match my Brother 's Denon and Polk Audio $ 5000 System . even watch a Video -lrb- HI-Fi -rrb- sound great fill the room with the Dolby Pro-Logic . so do yourself a favor buy this Fab Home Theater , even though you might have to wait a little while I would give it 10 star if i could
409	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Works ok with some dvd . the only reason I buy be for the radio include in but it be not worth the trouble . in 12 month it have spend atleast 2 month get fix . the dvd doesnt open and they dont know what the fix for it . Said they add some lubricant to open but it fail again . then they change the laser head dont know why but even that doesnt seem to help
171	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	grr . what a waste of money . the disk tray move really slowly , as if it have to consider whether or not its go to open when you ask it to . a couple time it refuse to play dvd 's while flash a ` rating ' message at I -lrb- these be 50 's horror flick dvd 's - hardly objectionable material -rrb- so I have to completely unplug the thing and start it up again . then after about 5 month of intermittent usage , one day the speaker start hum really loud , and it be dead . bummer .
265	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	no hassle to set up . . great sound for a small 2 bed apartment live room ... Perfect . . one can enjoy surround system without complaint from neighbor ... I recommend for a small house\/room ... it be ok to have just the dvd as I already have a PS3 ... look for blu ray aswell go for other stuff
360	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	1 -rrb- volume problem when play CD -lrb- too loud -rrb- 2 -rrb- dvd play ok 3 -rrb- setup be easy -lrb- color-code -rrb- and manual be ok 4 -rrb- get a replacement - same cd problem and dvd be break as well - send the whole thing back . 5 -rrb- would have be a nice system if it work .
388	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be use this as the sound system for a tv and cd\/dvd player in a small room . it work great . the sound be excellent for my use and the ability to control the volume and other input level be a big plus . other sound system that I look at in the same price range do not have the remote . I have be use the rca rt151 system for a couple of month with no problem .
167	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be very happy with this purchase . have check around at a lot of place and find nothing this good for the price !
531	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	customer service - the Panasonic website claim this be very important to they . I have my home theater only 3-4 month when a VCR tape get stick . I have now be at the service center for almost 4 month ! when I be lucky enough to get a response from Panasonic -lrb- which be rare -rrb- , they make promise of completion and\/or replacement . but promise will not play the dvd 's my family would have like to watch together over the holiday . when we finally get through to the customer service center on the phone , they have the nerve to hand up on we twice . if you want a COMPANY to stand behind THEIR PRODUCTS - stay away from PANASONIC !!! I have truly give up hope of even get my home theater back from the Panasonic service center .
656	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	all I can say be I have never have a problem with the Sony DAV FX 10 dvd dream system . sound be awesome , dvd work like a dream ! I be glad I purchase it .
793	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I just get this system 2 week ago and it rock !  installation be quite easy , but the setup a little bit tricky as other reviewer state . you need to read the manual , especially to setup the dvd player so that it will output dt or Dolby Digital 5:1 signal to the A\/V Amplifier . once do , set the a\/v amp on auto detect and enjoy the show . you 'll see the a\/v amp tell you if it be dt sound or Dolby Digital , the little blue light be on , mean you be truly experience the movie as it be release in theater .  lotr , black hawk down , Matrix , Gladiator be movie you want to really demonstrate the quality of this system . lot of special effect , great sound , and a lot of rumble ...
435	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after less than 40 hour of use , the sd-43ht freeze with the `` HELLO PROTECTION GOODBYE '' message on the display . I be really disappoint by the quality of Toshiba product .
821	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this unit be very easy to set up and so far have work great . the quality be much better than I expect . I live in a apartment and it sound great in my living room . I even have to keep the woofer at half power . I suspect it be make by the same people that make oritron dvd player , as that be what my parent have and they remote be almost exactly the same , and the onscreen menu feature exactly the same graphic . it be definitly not manufacture by koss , they must outsource or license they name for it . but it still be a excellent system . I use it for the radio as well as cd playback . however every once in a while it will skip excessively with cd 's , all I do be eject it , then re-insert it and it work perfectly . my friend pioneer do exactly the same thing . no , it do not have digital input , and it may not impress you audiophile friend , but it definitely do the trick especially for the price . I look at several other dvd players\/surround sound system for around the same price and the quality be definitely not up to the level of this unit . I would recommend this to anyone not want to shell out xxx$ for a `` name-brand '' system .
516	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just purchase one this weekend . the system overall be really nice . it be easy to setup and the sound be really good . the only problem I have be that it be not as loud as I would have like . I put it in a very large room and the sound get lose with all the space . if you have a large room i would recommend at least a 1000watt system . but even in the large room it sound pretty good . I be not disappoint in my purchase .
686	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	when i first hook it up and test it , it sound a little weak , but i go through the menu and everything be turn down , like the volume for the speaker and subwoofer , once i put it up the sound be amazing , the bass come from the woofer seem like a 100 watt system rather than a 70 . i reccommend this for any room small or large , you will not be dissapointed especially at this price .
316	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	if you be look for a all-in-one home theater system with all the new goody , then this be definitely the one to look for . at -lrb- $ $ $ -rrb- , it have pro logic ii , a feature not usually find on other system with similar price , which actually convert you normal stereo sound to 5.1 surround -lrb- now my tv sound surround ! -rrb- . it also have progressive scan too , a big plus . it play mp3 , VCD , CD-R\/RW beside dvd . furthermore , the player look very cool with its metallic casing .  on the minus side , the speaker look mediocre like some -lrb- low-end -rrb- computer speaker , but the sound be clear and crisp . the remote that come with it look like -lrb- low-end -rrb- plastic , very unattractive . anyway , what I really care be the numerous function of the remote .  in short , if you be look for a budget home theater with all the function , then this be the one you should go for .
333	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this be really a nice system , but the one drawback be a huge one . there be no optical cable input . why Panasonic neglect to add this be a mystery . they also do not have a optical input on they higher end system . after purchase this system , I have to return it . if have a good system with adequate stereo sound be what you want , this would be a good purchase . if you be a audiophile look for a true surround sound theater experience , this system be NOT for you . I would recommend that you instead look at the 8 speaker ONKYO Home Theater System 7.1 hts780b . for around $ 50 - $ 100 more than this system you can get a state of the art 7.1 system . the Onkyo be 1000 watt and sound awesome . it will also give you a cut edge system that be actually ahead of the technology curve . it do not come with a integrate dvd player like the Panasonic , but you probably already have a dvd player anyway , right ?
16	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just unboxed the MartinLogan MLT-2 Home Theatre , and I be so far blow away by the quality and construction of the entire unit . when this unit pop up on Amazon for $ 399 during the black Friday sale , I too be somewhat skeptical b\/c I could not find any real info or review . since the purchase I contact MartinLogan and ask about this setup , and they let I know this be not make in house-but rather make in China . they do stand behind the product , and feel even at the retail of $ 1,299 its still a amazing set . for more info visit : -lrb- ... -rrb- for a receiver I purchase the Pioneer vsx-1020-k 7.1 Home Theater I will post full sound detail shortly .
915	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be look for a low-profile integrated blu-ray dvd player and sound bar to position on my mantle below a new flat panel tv . it seem like the trend have move away from integrate the two component , as many of the remain dvd sound bar do not play blu-ray and Sony seem to have discontinue new generation of this product . pro : the form factor for this device be fine , the blu-ray output look good . con : too many speaker wire and only one hdmus port . limited adjustability of speaker volume level -lrb- I like to increase the center channel so that speech be not totally lose in the surround sound effect -rrb- . no blue tooth connectivity .
240	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Update : just pair up these speaker with the Onkyo ht-rc370 w \/ 4 Ohms setting and all I can say be WOW ! now I can feel the true power of these speaker . simply amazing ! I be get this set for the satellite speaker . the sub that come with it be fine . the receiver do not have HDMI so I will definitely upgrade that . so far I have try dvd , bluray , music cd , ps3 game -lrb- btw , killzone3 surround be crazy ! -rrb- , and karaoke -lrb- I have my own personal minus studio ... hehe -rrb- . the SOUND be SO CLEAR ! I will purchase the 7.1 system to have extra speaker just in case . once these speaker run out , they be go forever . sl do not do home theater anymore . but I believe they still do concert hall . BTW , thank you av-express for the fast shipping ! now I just want to re-watch all my favorite movie . I believe they be `` hidden gem '' speaker because you be get concert hall , studio , etc. , quality speaker for small phenomenal cost . at least for a entry level home theater system , not sure what can beat this for the price . if you know another set of home theater system that be price similar to this which you think be high quality , please comment . thanks in advance .
286	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after do a considerable amount of research on ` home theater in a box ' system , I decide to pick the Toshiba sd-43ht system . my budget be between $ 250 - $ 300 . this be actually price lower than that , so that be a bonus . more money to spend on dvd !  First - the dvd playback . this be progresive scan , and I have a hdtv . my old dvd player which I have have for a couple of year be not progressive scan , so I be really look forward to see what the big deal be with progressive scan .  wow !  after I get the systen set up I pop in `` the fast and the furious '' and cue up the first race scene . the picture be amazing ! it be worth note that I also pick up some monster component cable which should also be help in give a great picture . the picture be razor sharp and the color be very vivd and true to life . remember when you first switch over from VHS to dvd ? that be what it be like jump from `` regular dvd '' to progressive scan on this system . wow .  Next - the sound . this system come with 5 satellite speaker plus a subwoofer . the sub be not power , it be passive and get 70 watt . the satellite be 50 watts\/channel . so the sound system come in at under 400 watt . most system in this price range come in around 500 , so it be not as powerful . however , this sytem have excellent sound . again , the race scene in tf&f; look excellent , and the surround sound be awesome . very clean , pure digital sound . the subwoofer boom , and the satellite hold there own . it be plenty of power for I . you probably be not go to `` feel '' the sub like you would on a high-end system , but that ok . this system pump out the sound very well .  i plug my digital cable box into the dvd player\/reciever and be plesantly suprise to hear very clean , clear 5.1 surround sound come out of it . so now recgular televsion can be enjoy in surround sound ! also , cd sound great . it even read my mp3 cd with no problem !  overall I be very happy . I get what I pay for . this be not a $ 3,000 home theater system . but it pack a punch for the price for sure . definitly worth check out .
321	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy this product last month and it have be work out really great . all cool feature and easy set up . only thing be Wireless Internet do not go well with g router so I end up have wire connection and it be work flawlessly since then . Netflix , Youtube , Pandora etc. . . work wonderfully . about wireless speaker they be still wire but not connect directly to the main speaker . so you do not need to run the wire through the room but still rear speaker need to be connect to the device which will communicate to the Blu ray player . so far,s-air be work out good . I be yet to test 3d . will update comment once I get it test . overall , great product , great feature and great price .
193	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after do reaserch for a small dvd home Theater I find this rca unit . I read some review that say this be a & amp ; quot ; best buy ! & amp ; quot ; , because it can play anything and even display digital picture from a cd . well , it do do everything just poorly . when I get the unit the lid would open and then immediatley close . I figure that be how the unit work and I would have to be quick to chang the cd . after a couple of month I notice that new dvd would skip and freeze . I think it be the dvd but when I test they in a different dvd player they would paly fine . the sound be not the best either . when watch a dvd you can hardly hear people speak . you have turn the volume up to the max to hear the speaking , but if there be music or a explosion the sound be so loud it make I scramble for the remote to turn it down , and then I can not hear the speaking again . needless to say I have have this unit to long to return it and be stick with a dvd player that skip and do not have good sound .
767	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the small iLive minus 2.1 Home theater system with dock for iPod & CD player be just right for my purpose . it sound great despite small speaker -lrb- 3 -rrb- . remote work fine . I be integrate the system with a satellite radio receiver . the only issue I have with the unit be that I must use the audio input on the front of the receiver to connect the satellite receiver audio output cabel and there be no balance control for the speaker . the audio connection be a male to male 3.5 mm stereo plug . the `` Aux Audio Input '' on the rear of the receiver will not work for this use & be mean for a t.v. audio input . I do not plan on use this for a t.v. system , but the varied connection on the back of the unit allow for a number of connection such as s-video , hdmus , component , auxilliary , coaxial , composite as well as am\/fm antenna . look good & I hope it last a long time .
428	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I never expect panasonic product to work just for 2 year . it break down exactly in 2 year . the main carousel changer start malfunction . the dvd player use to get stick ... overall ... bad product ... bad investment , ... Dont buy it !
151	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	awesome sound system . I have want this set up for year , but could not afford it . I get this for half price ! it be suppose to be refurbish . it come with a full warranty and everything in the new box and packing look `` brand new ! '' I inspect everything closely and really think it be new ... either way , it sound GREEEAAAT !
887	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	nine month ago I think I be buy a good value product but now I realize that I buy a bomb ... the whole system stop work with a dvd inside . I could not manage to open the dvd ... worse , the service center that I be call do not work anymore ... do not buy from KLH never ...
867	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this unit as a present for my husband , the first one we have only a month , it continually freeze up during frame until it finally freeze up and we could not get the door to open and give back the dvd . we return it and the new one have the same problem . the disc regardless of the brand skip , freeze up , the audio and video will become unlined . I believe one of the prior review be correct in say that the unit overheat . most of the time when we turn the unit it on it make a horrible loud noise , we will have to turn it off and on until it start up fine . the sound , once it get go , have great quality but I would not recommend purchase this item .
700	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this be the worst system ever . I buy a lot and I know what I be talk about . not only be this system garbage , but you also have to pay the shipping to return the product due to the company 's terrible product . DO NOT BUY . DO NOT BUY .
662	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	First of all , I would like to say I be not a audiophile . I use to install home theater as well as cable , so I be slightly more advanced than clueless when it come to a\/v . live in Florida , not many home be make to optimize a surround sound system . my home be very open , my living room have peak ceiling , and my entire house have a wood ceiling . I do not want to mess with the wood ceiling and put rear speaker in my home would not be feasible . but , the my stock tv speaker -lrb- along with all stock tv speaker -rrb- be terrible . I want to amp up my sound . know I be not go to have surround sound , and not want to throw down nearly $ 1,000 for a bose 3.2.1 system , I begin look at sound bar . I frequent best buy , HH Gregg , Sears , etc. check out the sound bar . many have wireless sub which I do like . other be setup so all the wire be go through the sound bar itself . again , I do not like that idea . I see this sound bar on the Daily Deal for $ 249.99 . after diving into review , there be two main complaint . First be the system do not produce true surround sound . to I , this should not be in any review . it be a sound bar . of course it do not produce true surround sound . the second complaint have something to do with run a 3d signal through the receiver which require a update that be hard to load . this do not pertain to I because my television nor any of my component be or ever will be 3d . so , I be sell on the review . I like the idea that this unit work have a receiver . all my component would run through the receiver just like any other receiver . I be skeptical about have the sub build into the receiver . I be not a huge fan of component be build into component -lrb- all-in-one htib - when one thing go , you lose everything -rrb- . I will update this review if I have any issue with it . I order the item on Monday with the normal free shipping . it arrive on Wednesday - that be gnarly . set up the system be very easy . it sound great . it 100 % do the job intend of better my tv speaker . movie , television , and video game be much more enjoyable . the music sound amazing . the remote look cheaply make , but it be a remote . the remote have a very simple design which be convenient for the technologically impaired . I be very pleased with this purchase . it sound great . I be stress the fact that I be not a audiophile and that this unit be only intend to compensate for my tv speaker . it go above and beyond what be expect . I hope this help !
249	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	well , when I unpack the box of this rather inexpensive home theater and take the fifteen or so minute to hook it up , I have less than fantastic expectation .  I be thrill to hear the quality of the sound when I finally sit down to watch a movie with the new system , but disturb when I find out that the loud , booming theater-like audio salvo that be assault my apartment be the product of volume level one . the scale go to over thirty , I believe -lrb- and I can only imagine who would take it up that high -rrb- , but , as you would suspect , there be nothing below one that produce any sound at all .  I could not watch the movie that night ... or any night for that matter . if I have , I be sure the neighbor would have be beat down the door . it be far too loud for any but the most diehard of loud-theater-like sound fan . the manual and other review say adjust the `` Dynamic '' set within one of the menu help resolve this , but it do not seem to do much at all with the unit I purchase .  the next day , I pack everything back into its box and return it to the retailer . I later purchase a similarly price Venturer model ... it be scale go to 100 , and one be nearly inaudible . much more control ... nearly the same sound quality .  I would stay away from this model unless the room it will be install in be of massive proportion and you enjoy wipe blood from you ear .
408	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	love this thing sound quality be clear the base be strong I think it be go to be weak but I be wrong .
681	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	save yourself the headcahe , find another system . all movie I have try to view on this sysyem have shut down midway . think that all my movie -lrb- which continue to play on my other dvd player -rrb- be either dirty or scratch , I have buy new movie with the same annoying result . too late for I to return this thing that I buy in 1\/07 .
830	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	solid system for a certain type of person , with a certain type of requirement . I give the one I buy away , but it be cheep and it work !
323	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy it a couple of month ago after read all the good review . my expectation be probably too high for the price . just so so sound quality that you can get from auto speaker . again , not terribly bad consider money , but if you want nice home theater quality , I recommend invest a little bit more and go to other speaker set .
149	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I love these speaker , my previous setup be a Onkyo amp with bose speaker and we finally realize that we do not listen to movie at imax level so have a clean look be more we style . the Vizio System be definatly the clean look with good sound we be look for . I have have no problem connect to the sub and I think it sound great . the only thing I would like to have be the blue tooth connectivity that some other system offer .
179	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this home theater system be just what the doctor order . the pitch and bass be great for a action movie . the dvd quality be perfect for those mushy gushy movie that the chica want to watch . however , the volume do only go to 35 . before you buy this item though , I suggest look at walmart . the product code be dav-dz175 instead of the 170 , but i be pretty sure its the exact same system for forty buck less . pro : great sound great Bass Good video quality nice look system great price con : no eq control small remote
507	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have own this product for 14 month and it be have no display for a month and a half . the display just go blank just after the warranty go out -lrb- 12 month -rrb- I buy this system for a nice little sound system for limited use but it be a pig . the remote be a cf with no easy way to get from here to there . get the dvd 's out be a pain too the thing either spit they all out so you can not any but the top one out or you have to guess as to which slot be empty . now it be go to cost I 1\/3 of the purchase price to fix something I barely use . it work but you have to guess as to what the thing be do and with the miserably put together remote ... be just suck ... I replace a cheap Sony unit for this . . bad move ! Zero star
903	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I love SONY PRODUCTS ... HOWEVER , THIS be the worst . I have have my system for less than 3 month ... and have have to send MY SYSTEM back to SONY 2 TIMES for the same problem . the SYSTEM have a mind of ITS OWN and OFTEN will not accept a dvd or cd . if it do ACCEPT , IT MAY NOT EJECT IT ! the MOTOR in the CAROSEL CHANGER be a constant problem . the ODD THING be that I only use the system maybe twice a week . it be not display in a awkward location . just the worst -- be a UNDERSTATEMENT . if you be going to PURCHASE THIS SYSTEM , THINK twice ... unless you do not MIND FOOTING the SHIPPING BILL MONTH AFTER MONTH , and if you do not MIND be without your SYSTEM more OFTEN THAN NOT .
614	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have be spoil all my life with my parent THX home theater system and digital projector , and when I move out , although I didd not have enough money to afford $ 10,000 worth of equipment I still want a home theater setup . this apex unit catch my eye because of its feature set and low price - I be not expect much . suprisingly enough , this little puppy really perform ! that not to say that its a substitute for a full on home theater setup , but if you be on a tight budget and still want to watch you movie in 5.1 this be the way to go .
69	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	at the store I think this thing be go to be great . I compare this to many other system and it seem to be much better . the one thing that hook I when I buy it be that you have the capability to go wireless . FIRST unfortunately , the bright engineer at Panasonic decide to have the wireless home theater system operate at the same frequency as a wireless home network . so , if you be as lucky as I , do not expect to be on the internet and use you Panasonic home theater at the same time -lrb- assume you have get the wireless addon -rrb- . second this unit do not have any reasonable audio input . very dissappointing . I be not sure that I would have find a better deal , nonetheless I would definitely not have purchase it know what I know now .
888	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	to start , I be very familiar with high-end home theater system , as I have spec would and install system from modest-budget system to $ 16k system . I personally own a fairly nice home theater\/music system . I buy the Koss base on other customer review for a friend who just recently move into a studio apartment . for approx . $ ... , I be truly astounded by the decent quality of the audio and video . the vocal be clear and intelligible . it perform acceptably well for those Hollywood `` WOW '' action scene . stereo playback of CD 's sound far better than anything else in its price range . can it compare to system cost thousand more ? no. . but it certainly hold it be own to system cost hundred more . installation be simple . after break open the box , I have the whole system connect and place in 10 minute . the connection be all well-labeled and color code . the satellite speaker even come with thread to accept placement use any off-the-shelf universal wall-mount , which be how I setup the surround . remember , this whole audio system , include integrate amp and tuner , cost less than many dvd player alone ! so what be my nitpick ? well , system setup of the speaker be bury in the on-unit menu system , and set the clock be a pain because I have to dig through the manual to find the direction , which end up be slightly confusing . as with all system , to make the most out of its capability , speaker\/sub placement need to be carefully do , especially with the limited capability of the `` sub '' to ensure that it do not sound too boomy . when compare to a class higher in quality , the sound be too accentuate in the midrange , while the bass could do with considerably more articulation and the high could be more detailed . though overall , especially consider the price , I can not imagine a better home-theater\/music system value for $ ... a very surprising 5 star !!
483	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this be the worst piece of equipment I believe I have ever purchase . I have it maybe 8 month and it begin to freeze . at 9 month the VCR go out . now nothing work I would stay away from this product , I think Magnavox will put they name on anything .
645	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system continue to blow I away . it have all the power you could want , great sound satellite and a serious subwoofer . the reciever be a great quality piece . I have absolutely to quibble about with this system ; I think it sound as good if not better than system that be double the price . movie be amazing , and music sound great in the Direct , unprocessed mode .
155	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	own a Samsung tv , we want a similar brand for the audio in order to take advantage of the smart link feature . although the player have very nice feature , the sound be disappointing for a HT System . the subwoofer be passive - not have a build in amplifier - and look and sound cheap . there be just few limited environment you can choose from the DSP option , but these be not able to sharpen the sound at a decent quality . you can definitively have a nicer sound from a pc surround system . the system have auto calibration feature , but the measurement get consistently wrong . if you have a room with hard surface -lrb- no carpet , bare wall -rrb- the processor get confuse by the reflection .
336	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	overall this be a good sound system for the price . the rear speaker wire be definitely not long enough , you will have to buy longer one . we have a small apartment and still the wire do not even come close to reach unless they be stretch across the middle of the room . that be pretty much my only complaint .
453	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this system for almost 3 week now and it be amazing ! no lead problem at all . the sound be 10\/10 !!! no issue with wireless sub either . Works awesome for my bedroom . for $ 300 and free shipping you can not beat this deal !!
467	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have two of these dvd player break down in the span of 6 month . the first system eat we dvd . one get stick in the changer and it cost quite a bit to get it fix . then it break down altogether , and would not read any disc . we get a replacement because it be under warranty . the second unit have the front panel break off . still work okay for a few week , but then the dvd start skip and freezing . the audio and video be not in sync . the dvd tray would no longer open . send it in to the mfr at my expense and be tell it could not be fix . do not waste you time and money on this system !
85	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	if you be look for a reasonably price , powerful , feature pack Home Theater system , consider the Kenwood htb-205 . for under $ -lrb- amount -rrb- , this system deliver the feature and performance of many system twice as expensive .  the htb-205 come complete with a surround sound receiver , subwoofer -lrb- passive with a internal amp in the receiver -rrb- , front , surround and center channel speaker . the receiver be equip with Dolby pro Logic , pro Logic II , DTS , and Dolby Digital decoder . in DSP mode , the receiver also provide numerous Cinema mode such as Arena , Theater , etc. . .  one of the nicest feature of the htb-205 be the variety of input and output port . this system be capable of handle almost any input from standard rca to optical audio and digital coax . the high number of physical input make it a versatile system capable of handle the duty of most home theater configuration .  the htb-205 's auto sense mode be also a useful feature . when activate , the system will auto sense digital audio input from you cd\/dvd or digital cable\/satellite and engage the appropriate Dolby decoder . when the channel be switch to a analog source , the receiver will automatically transfer to the Cinema mode of you choice . this make it easy to use for the less technical user .  sound quality be excellent with 600 amp -lrb- 100 x 6 channel -rrb- of total power . Mine be set up in a large room and it definitely rock the house and then some . the subwoofer , although power by a amp internal to the receiver , provide more than enough bass to bring the onscreen action to life . the front , center and surround speaker be good as well . they provide more than enough performance for the average user although a speaker upgrade would no doubt improve the overall quality of this system . add feature of the htb-205 , such as a night mode , which allow you to compress the digital audio range to achieve full sound quality at lower volume , be uncommon in lower end receiver .  as a true receiver , the htb-205 do a adequate job as well . it be replete with a intelligent memory system to help organize you radio preset and the sound quality be on par with mid-range receiver in the market today .  set-up be a breeze with color code cable that be actually long enough to fit reasonable configuration . depend on you room size and cable route , you may need to extend the cable for the surround speaker . the largest drawback in my mind to this system be the remote control . it be small and confusing and difficult to operate in the dark while watch a movie .  all in all , the htb-205 provide a lot of performance in a turn-key home theater package for the price .
916	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	well , I would like to warn everyone about a serious -lrb- in my view -rrb- shortcoming of this system , which to I come as a big surprise . I be not a tech junkie , so I do my research in mainstream media - Consumer Report , Amazon etc. . . and I have not see this emphasize anywhere - there be no Optical \/ Coaxial Audio Input ! well , I do not know what it mean , but now I do - you have to connect you cable box to the system via regular red\/white cable . thus , if you have a digital cable where many tv program -lrb- movie , football , etc. . . -rrb- come in 5.1 , you can not get the full 5.1 out of home theater . only when you watch dvd or listen to cd . now , I be not a tech person , and I love several thing about the system - very easy to set up , one unit do dvd and VCR , etc. . . it play dvd great , both video and sound . yet , unless someone can explain to I how to overcome the above mention shortcoming , I be plan on go through the hustle of packing everything back and return the item . another warning - customer service be not very helpful , in respond to question on set up the system . best of luck !
123	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	well it didnt have hdmus and the remote be pretty bad and the disc changer be awful . the sound quality be ok but i dont believe Sony 's dubious clame of 143 watt a channel or the 285 for the sub .
586	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	really enhance we movie experieance at home . a good buy at a good price .
582	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I base my purchase on the review I read here , and I be competely satisfy . I be not a expert on home theater by any stretch , but with this system and a optoma h31 projector , I have a great home theater setup for a little over $ 1000 .
990	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the head unit be a bit slow - could use more process power . and my PS3 be a better bluray player at the end of day .
264	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy one of these last July . although not the best sound , I think be be very good consider the very low price . in November it the audio stop work in the middle of a movie . Circuit City only warranty it for 30 day , after that you must speak -lrb- more accurately try to speak -rrb- to AMW . it be now February , still break . I suppose the lesson be you get what you pay for ... low price = low quality .
162	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase this system from another retailer last Christmas . the first 3 or 4 time I use the unit , it work great . after that , with dvd , the screen would randomly go black . after restart the unit , it start work again for about 5 min . I decide to use it for radio in another room . after about 2 use for this , the unit would emit a loud ` pop ' through all the speaker and then lock up , it would not respond to the remote or button on the front , even the power button . unit would then be reset only by unplug it . through the vent in the top I could see blow capacitor and small burn mark on the board . I contact customer service and it take almost 6 week to hear back . I send it back -lrb- at my cost for shipping -rrb- to have it repair . 2 month later I get a replacement unit -lrb- serial number be different -rrb- . it work for about 8 hour and then the sound would randomly fade out and back in . I contact customer service again and after 2 week have a reply with a shipping label to send back . 2 month later I get the unit back -lrb- again a new one -rrb- . after about 10 hr of use , its do the same same thing with the sound fading . I find that this issue can be resolve by let the unit sit for about 2 week between use , then it will work for about 20 min before the issue come back . I will never purchase another rca device again , the customer service be crap and after 3 different unit , still have the same problem . and since have the unit for about a year , have only be able to use it about a 12 time . I finally go out and spend $ 500 on a good lg lhb535 . no more problem . all in all , the RCA unit be garbage and the only good thing with it be the speaker work fairly well . so basically you be spend $ 100 for decent speaker .
298	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	work ok for 2 1\/2 month then ... nothing . no seperate ff\/rw button , too few input ... very few output ... poor rear speaker volume ... disappointing ! open and close drawer problematic . I have a 15 year-old JVC 4.0 that work fine ... this p.o.s. go back to the factory .
278	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I upgrade my entire media system recently and decide that I still want the power of both dvd and VCR player along with stereo surround sound . after some research , I come upon the Panasonic scht820v . I think this would be perfect since it encompass all the feature I need in one system . it play well for the first two day . the system be not phenomenal , but it do the work it set out to do . the sound be fine and the hd channel play a simulated surround sound quality -lrb- the only true surround sound I find be only when I play dvd -rrb- . but then I notice that the dvd carousel click loudly as if something snap . the dvd player stop work and I could not even get it to open . I buy the system from Target.com and they be very friendly and send I a replacement immediately . when my replacement arrive a few day later , I perform the daunting task of pack up the old system and unpack the new one . I connect everything again with the new system and it play fine . the very next day , the same thing happen with the old player . the dvd player get stick on one of the carousel , something click very loudly and I know that be the sound of I be screw again . again , target be very accommodate ; I be no longer interested in another replacement as I have have my fill . I pack the second system up and get my refund . I do not know if anyone else have have issue with the dvd player , but for it to be defective on two separate system be a major red flag for I . be warn . now I be convinced that I will just buy a 5 Disc dvd player\/entertainment system from Sony and if I want to tape a show off the tv , I will invest in TiVO !
166	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I use it in my bedroom and the sound quaility be much better than the tv speaker , the output be not too lound as use in a bedroom , the only draw back be it have no hdmus input , so you can not connect any hdmus device to it .
892	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	pro : Easy set up . this be a great sound system . blu-ray playback work great . Netflix work great . Pandora work great . con : YouTube be horrible . Video quality be unacceptable and sound be delay at least a second as compare to video ; this make all YouTube content unwatchable on this system . also since there be no keyboard it take forever to enter you search phrase in the YouTube app . it will take you less time to hook up you laptop to a tv , and do a search on it with regular keyboard , than try to search for a particular video on this system .
875	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after a lot of research I choose this sound bar and be very glad I do . the sound be superb for we `` bedroom theater '' and it make a huge difference to we view experience . it be not in the same league as we living room 's sound system of course -lrb- nearly $ 2k -rrb- , but we do not expect that . one thing that be very important to we be the clarity of speak voice -lrb- i.e. center channel -rrb- . we boomer-generation ear be not what they use to be . this unit have the clearest voice channel we have ever hear on any system . this be a huge plus to we , and it enable we to keep the volume at comfortable level while still hear the voice clearly . the system have plenty of volume -- way more than we would ever need in we bedroom . the subwoofer be more than adequate , especially for a bedroom . most other sound bar system require you to put the receiver\/subwoofer on the floor , which can make it difficult to see the display and operate with a remote . I like have it where I can see it -lrb- the display be dimmable , by the way -rrb- . as other reviewer have note , it do not emulate true surround sound , but it be a nice compromise in my opinion . the look of the system be fantastic . the bar be very sleek , and the subwoofer\/receiver look very cool in we furniture . -lrb- we have a dresser that have two audio compartment along the top shelf , and a 50-inch plasma -rrb- . before buy it , I have to convince my wife that it would make a real difference to we view experience , and she kind of roll she eye . finally she agree to let I buy it as a early birthday present for myself . well , guess what ! she like it even more than I do . she feel that it totally change we bedroom , not only for tv viewing but also music -lrb- cable digital music channel -rrb- . the great music sound actually lead to we watch somewhat less tv and listen to more music . not a bad thing ! if you be look for a high-end system for you living room , this one will not blow you away , and you probably should not be consider a sound bar anyway . but for a bedroom or secondary tv watch area or a modest living room set up , it be a great way to go .
292	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I do not see much review on this product all over online but i still go for this system and i gotta tell you it be excellent . the system be very good-looking but also sound excellent , i be thrill by the sound of this . this be definitely worth it and the price be also one of the best , thanks vann and Sony .
883	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this systom be a piese of crap , you turn it on it may or maynot work , very poor sound qulity , very small specker and remote . Vol . be so low I have to turn up tv to hear it . I would not recamend this to any one . thanks for reading my REVIEW
841	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	not a big reviewer guy , but after read all the negative review on this item , figure it be my responsibility . the Vizio surround system be awesome . amazing sound from a center bar , sub and satellite . I be honestly amaze you can pay less than 500 buck for something that plug into you tv , no amp , no receiver , and it sound this good . watch the world series sound like I be sit in the stand . there be even a drunk guy over my right shoulder yell `` let 's go Rangers . '' maybe other have older model before they fix the led or whatever , but this thing be awesome .
973	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy the rca rdt325w home Theater System and it do not even last a year !! I also buy the replacement plan , but since it do not last a year , I still have to go through rca for warranty . they want I to pay 25 $ or more for ship the defective product to they ! I already pay over a 100 $ on this product , of which be still under the first year 's warranty ! I be darn sure not go to pay more when it do not even last the year -lrb- much less the obviously useless amount I pay on the replacement plan -rrb- . do not buy this product , it be not worth the money and rca 's repair policy on a product they do not take the time to make properly , be to make you pay for postage for they to fix it . bad form rca !!! bad form ! no more rca product for I ! : -lrb-
287	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great system . sound from the speaker be incredible . have a Yamaha System before I pick this one up and it totally blow the Yamaha away . recently watch swordfish and some scene actually make my wall shake and the volume be not even at half . setup be simple ... do yourself a favor and get this system , you will not be sorry .
621	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have buy and return three of these unit now . each one have be defective , and finally I just give up on return the system . the dvd player constantly give `` bad Disc '' error and skip if there be even the slightest smudge on a disc . the sound quality be very nice for the price , but since the player do not work , it be essentially useless . this be a complete rip-off at any price point .
852	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	Sony 's dvd home Theater System be a very good choce if you be seek to add some quality sound to extra room . the complete package come with everything you need to install you system in very littler time . instruction be good with additional color code for speaker wire connection . overall the Sony Home Theater System be a good buy for the amount .
913	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I have have this system for about a week now and it sound pretty good . I be very impressed with the sound quality for a $ 300 system . I do have one complaint though . I can not figure out how to get it to play my tv in surround sound . it play the dvd 's in surround and its sound great , but when I put it on `` AUX '' for tv , it only play out of the front 2 speaker .
943	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be very disappointed with this system , my integrate tv speaker sound better than this system , needless to say I have return it . after read review and see the `` savings '' I think it would be a good buy . the biggest problem be the sound bar do not produce quality sound . it be a small cheap feeling bar , and it sound , well , small and cheap . the bar have no middle , and the result be no matter what the setting , I have difficulty understand dialog during movie . imagine hook up a subwoofer to you cell phone speaker . the integrate receiver and subwoofer seem like a good idea when I purchase . however , after set up and some use some problem with this setup become obvious to I . First be you have a component that will now vibrate . this mean it be recommend keep it isolate from device such as tv and dvd\/blueray player . the receiver be bigger than I expect so this become more of a issue than I expect . Second be that unless you have some odd home theater setup , the result of this integration be that you have a line of sight bass reflex port point at you . this make the bass unpleasant . instead of that bass fill the room feeling , it be come right at you from one place . I now understand why most subwoofer face down or towards the wall . I have a open floor plan room so I return think maybe my room be too big for a sound bar . however end up try a VIZIO soundbar with wireless subwoofer . the result be a great surprise . my room be not to big for a soundbar , this one just be not very good .
203	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	so far the home theater system be fine . at first sound be not up to par until I buy a optic hookup to replace the rca cord . one small irritating problem be the sound mute sometimes when change channel ... might be Charter Cable . ??? sound return when change back and fourth or on and off .
865	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I have have this Sony now for about 3 month and be not satisfy with this system . here be what I do not like about it . 1 . in dvd mode , this system be actually pretty decent . but once you switch it to tv mode when watch regular tv , it suck . I end up turn up my bass a lot in tv mode and turn it down a lot in dvd mode . why be the dvd mode so good and all other mode so bad ? this get really annoying as adjust the bass be not easy to do -lrb- see # 2 -rrb- . 2 . Sony make it really difficult to adjust the bass -lrb- which I end up do frequently -rrb- . although there be a `` woofer '' button on the remote , you can only adjust the bass when you be in dvd mode with no disc playing . why ? I have no idea , it be just so odd . 3 . I plug my ipod into the system and the sound suck bad . I mean really bad . I think my ipod be break . so to reiterate , do not buy this system . there be other system you can buy for around the same price that have better quality . do not get I wrong , I be not look for earth shatter bass or anything like that . I just want consistent decent quality sound on all different function -lrb- dvd , tv , etc. . . -rrb- . this systmem be only good in dvd mode .
497	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I be not sure that it last more than a month . I do not use it much and be so disappointed that not only do I need to get a new dvd player , but I need a new stereo receiver since I replace my receiver when I get this system . I will have to look into that class action lawsuit . save you money do not buy this . the speaker seem pretty good though , so I would like to save they .
938	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy my Vizio VHT510 5.1-Channel Home Theater System via Amazon.com . the actual seller be GPCK INC , I think . as indicate in many product review , the lead volume indicator on the soundbar stop work in jun 2012 . when I call Vizio , they tell I that since I do not buy it from a authorized retailer , my warranty be invalid . therefore , they do not help I . even though I send they my original invoice , they say that GPCK INC should not sell these item . they do not believe that I buy it new , and they consider I that I be try to cheat . they admit that the lead issue be a known issue , but would not help I . -lrb- base upon the serial number , they tell I that they sell this item to Sam 's Club -rrb- I also call Amazon.com customer service rep , and they be willing to ship this product back , and give a refund . they be much nicer , and more helpful - not even comparable to Vizio . I really do not understand how a company -lrb- Vizio -rrb- can stay in business with such customer service . I would advise all of potential buyer to stay away from they !
572	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	hus we purchase this unit in April , 2005 for almost over $ 400.00 . this unit do not have review by then . we think since we be put good money we get a pretty decent system but the performance be not what we expect . it can not play dvd for more than 2 or 3 hour . after that it continually try to read but unsuccessful . please do not buy this unit at all . try look for a SONY or BOSE if you can afford . lesson learn be beware what you buy and let other write review about the unit then you buy . thanks .
818	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy the version of this system that do not include the VCR in May , 2005 , at a Radio Shack , not through Amazon . I spend five hour remove my old system and set this one up ; my old system be a Sony 5-disc dvd player hook up to a ten-year old receiver and four big stereo speaker . when I finally hook everything up , my wife and I sit down to watch we first movie on it , and within ten minute , the sound cut out altogether . I go through every section of documentation I have to learn about what the problem might be , and I go over every connection to every speaker . everything seem to be in order . except there be no sound at all . I turn the system off , turn it on again , and the sound be back ... for another ten minute . then it vanish once again . and this process happen many , many time . I contact Panasonic via e-mail and explain the problem in every detail I could imagine . I receive a response day later which say that I should remove all the wire from the speaker , check the wire for fray , make sure they be all insert into the correct slot , wait 15 minute , and try again . I do this , very carefully . then , that night , my wife invite she sister over to watch a movie . the sound cut out no fewer than 15 time , and I be humiliate . I write Panasonic back , and they do not respond . I have just write they a third time , and I feel compel to warn other about this system . I have hook up my Sony dvd player again , and I be listen to it through my television without any external speaker , and it be work perfectly . if I can somehow get Panasonic to reimburse I for the piece of junk I buy from they , I be go to do what I should have do to begin with ; buy one of the Sony system . they may be a couple -lrb- or even a few -rrb- hundred dollar more , but movie lover buy these system for they enjoyment , not to be frustrate . I would have give this product a zero if I could . it have be the most maddening purchase I have ever make .
31	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	beware of this product , as the dvd player will stop work whenever you least expect it . Stay away from Magavox for quality product !
596	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I order this system because I want to put new speaker on my exist surround sound system . read the review on Amazon , I expect the subwoofer to be weak -lrb- it be -rrb- , but I expect the speaker to be good to excellent . they be fair . this be actually the first item in my multi-year history as a Amazon shopper that I be go to the trouble to return . the speaker system I order for my computer sound better . if you just need a cheap system that be better than the speaker on you tv , this might be good for you . otherwise , shop around and maybe spend just a little more .
522	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	just buy this today at target -lrb- 1\/7\/2003 -rrb- . go to return it tomorrow . it promoise a nice all in one but like several of the other poster , something do not work on it . in my case , the VCR . I buy this on a spur of the moment without do any research . Got home , set it up , go to Amazon to see the review , ... wish I have not buy it . it sound good enough , though . and if everything work well , I might have keep it longer . but with the on-line review here and it not work out of the book , I 'll have own it for less than 24 hour . \* sigh \* my recommendation be to NOT buy this product .
907	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i be extremely pleased with my purchase of the Yamaha yht-494bl 5.1 home theater system ... the quality of the sound be excellent ... the system totally bring out the sound involve in my gaming , work wonderfully with my xbox 360 , ps3 , and the blu-ray movie play on the ps3 ... worth every penney , for not alot of dough ... if you on the fence , no worry , top kit product ... Yamaha know a few thing about quality sound , since they produce musical instrument for a long time , and may i add some beautiful motorcycle ... ; -rrb-
642	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I recently purchase a LG LHB335 BluRay all in one surround sound home theater system from best buy . the center and right rear speaker emit a whistle noise that sound like a teapot when boil . not quite that loud , but enough to be a very undesirable noise in a new unit . I take the first one back , bb give I another . same thing . then another . same thing . I have connect it to another location with speaker wiring and a monster power supply and yes , it do the same thing ! I call LG and they say they have no report on this problem , but when a search be conduct , many people be complain . until this issue be resolve , I would suggest not buy this unit ! EDIT -- more detail : the lhb335 have a horrible `` Tea Pot '' whistle noise emit from the center speaker . it also come from the right rear speaker at time . it be so annoying that I take it back to best buy . exchange for another and same thing ! I relocate the unit on a different electrical circuit and that do not help . buy a expensive monster power supply due to best buy recommendation which do NOT help at all . they ask I to try unit # 3 and it also have the same noise ! to make sure that it be not just a building electrical problem , I install it in a friend home . same issue ! I call LG to discuss the problem and they say they have no report of such a problem . that be not true . the internet have many comment regard this speaker noise issue . after talk with some friend , they too have return unit with the same problem . I really like the feature of the lhb335 , but will not buy another one unless LG can assure I that it will be one that do not whistle ! Edit -- even more detail : 2\/24\/2011 -- with all of the positive comment I have see post , especially with claim that the noise have be fix in unit manufacture after June 2010 , I think I 'll try another one for the basement game room . the price have be come down drastically , and no wonder with all the bad pr , so I pick one up for $ 249 from Amazon . I receive the unit in a couple of day , set it up -lrb- I can do it very quickly since I have be through more than a few of these -rrb- make the tweak for input and presto ... no whistle ... however there be no sound at all !!! after turn it off and on a few time the sound begin work . but the sound would quit and then restart after 3-5 seconds . after talk with LG 's deplorable customer service group , they say , `` we have not have any report of that problem , send it to we and we will look at it . '' once again LG display horrible concern for they customer satisfaction ! so it be go back to AMAZON and I will never ever even consider another LG product !!!! so be forewarn ... LG do NOT mean Life be good ... it mean lot of grief !!!
288	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy the Zenith xbs444 and spend the afternoon hide wire . but when I finally connect it all and turn it on , it work great for about 5 minute , then shut down . I could only turn it on again after 20-30 minute , then it would shut down again ... I be guess a heat sink be leave out and its overheating ... I 'll try a exchange for the same model .
966	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the subwoofer be nice , the speaker be not good , have already relaced mine with another brand , at the moment the receiver be not work , it cut off after 5 minute . I will probably have to have it repair and I have have it 2 month , I be very unhappy with it .
381	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I love these speaker . grant , we be replace a head of the line Pioneer home theater set from over a decade ago , so there be little comparison . on the other hand though , I must say I be disappoint in Amazon . I buy these on a gold box deal for $ 200 less than list price , think it be a excellent deal . Newegg have have they for over a year for $ 300 less than this price , and that be they regular price . so , although I highly recommend these speaker ... I also recommend you do what I fail to do ... shop around , and look at Newegg -lrb- much better price -rrb- . I pair this set with a Denon AVR 2311cus . this be a excellent combination in my humble opinion . whatever receiver you use , just keep in mind this set can only handle up to 100 watt per channel at 8ohm . grant , there do not seem to be a receiver out there which do not inflate it be number a bit , so there be some padding . the Denon we have be rate 105 per channel , yet the speaker be just fine .
474	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	when it work , the picture be very crisp but it frequently flicker and I loose the picture while maintain the sound . this have be happen since one month after I purchase this product . I have try use a lens cleaner and this do not solve the problem .
22	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I purchase this product , along with a Samsung 55 '' lcd tv and Logitech Harmony one . I love it !! Samsung be make amazing product with great price point . because I go from a 27 '' tube tv with no ss , I be still in shock from the amazing picture and sound my new set up be put out . one recommendation I would make be to purchase a Logitech remote also . go from 4 remote controll to 1 be amazingly easy and reduce clutter . I be by no means electronically knowledgable but be able to set up the tv , surround sound system and remote in about 3 hour ! my only complaint be the blu-ray player do not always `` tune '' to the right setting when go from `` watch dvd '' to `` watch cable '' . this be easily fix by go through the help menu on the Logitech -lrb- take about 5 button push -rrb- . overall , I be completely satisfy with what Samsung have provide , customer service be so helpful and be able to trouble shoot via internet chat be very nice , no holding on the phone !
493	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	just purchase this system so I could have some surround sound for my tv . it look like the best thing in my price range hand have the speaker dimension that I want . the system be a breeze to set up , all the cable be color code so you really can not mess up . I read a number of review say that the cable be a little short for the satellite speaker , but for my situation they be plenty long -lrb- like 3x too long ! -rrb- . so I guess if you have a large room you might want to consider something different as extend these wire would require you to splice you own wire to the exist one . I be excite about the speaker auto calibration but for some reason I think it make the back speaker too quiet , so I have to manually adjust there volume -lrb- pretty simple use the remote -rrb- . sound quality be great and price be great , really happy about the purchase .
557	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my current rig as of 1\/2011 : - fluance sxhtb + - jbl es250pbk 400-watt high-powered 12-inch subwoofer - Harman Kardon AVR 2600 Receiver - PlayStation 3 use 1.4 a hdmus cable from Amazon on Linear PCM setting -lrb- not MonsterRipOffs -rrb- I go from Infinity TSS-750 series satellite speaker to these Fluance speaker , and I have to say , they be simply amazing . I can not really compare to any other bookshelf speaker , only satellite speaker . however , I have hear speaker like these in the store and frankly , I could not tell you the difference between these and Polk audio . as for shipping , Fluance be a smaller company and you can only buy the speaker from they , so I be expect a long wait time . ship from Canada -lrb- I assume , since they be base there -rrb- , my speaker be there by the end of the week after order on a Monday . I consider that to be speedy delivery . before order though , I do have to wait for several month because they be out of stock , but I be not ready to buy then anyway . what be include be two bookshelf speaker , a center , and two rear\/sides -lrb- whichever you prefer -rrb- . on Fluance 's website , you can order two more speaker for complete 7.1 audio for $ 39.99 a speaker . the picture do not do they justice . I be go to actually paint the speaker black , as I hate `` wood '' look furniture , but these be a bit darker than the picture advertise they to be . they actually blend pretty well with darker furniture . this come from my wife as well , who do not want to buy these just because she hate the wood look . but she instantly like the darker color they arrive in . set these sucker up be a little new to I . again , I never have bookshelf speaker before , so I do not know I need to have two wire per speaker , but I guess I should have figure that out . after I get they setup , my receiver do all the work as far as configure they , with I tweaking they a bit . now , I buy the subwoofer mention above at the exact same time . that sucker be huge , and pack a nice punch . but after the first day , I turn it off so I could play game at night , and really , I have not use the subwoofer hardly since . my blu-ray and game manage to boom at the appropriate moment , without the subwoofer . often time , I feel like I be use my old subwoofer for bass , just from the speaker . they be not go to rattle window , and tear down the roof , but they be great if you do not want to be too loud because of neighbors\/sleeping wife . the price , the quality , and the look be perfect . if someone break in my house and rob I blind , I would not think twice about buy these again . at $ 299 -lrb- plus about $ 80 shipping -rrb- , these really feel like a steal . everyone that have hear they have be greatly impressed , and I feel if you be plan on get a Polk audio set , consider Fluance as a superior product than they since they sound the exact same and cost way less .
371	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I just purchase this a week ago . so far , so good ... the unit work well and sound good , the only real complaint be the lack of bass from the subwoofer . it be only a 6 1\/4 '' subwoofer , so I know the bass would not be extremely good , but I be hope for a little more . the satelite speaker work and sound great . good clear output from they . overall , a pretty decent product for the money .
734	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	although the dvd player & speaker be nice , the sound be still really loud when the volume be turn down to `` 1 '' . the volume be completely off at `` 0 '' and be loud at `` 1 '' , very loud at `` 2 '' , and continue up until it be ridiculously loud . I try fiddle with all of the setting , but I could not reduce the volume to a moderate or soft level . since I live in a apartment , I want to watch dvd at a moderate volume with theater-quality sound . I could only get the sound moderate-to-soft by turn off most of the speaker , which defeat the purpose of a home-theater system .
602	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be how a movie experience should be , and for such a small price . Easy to install , easy to operate , and the sound be magnificant . try watch Gladiator on this thing , and you 'll think you be in the middle of the fight ... or sink with the Titanic .  all this in a very sexy box . one thing to watch for , the speaker have 5mm thread , so you 'll need to make sure to buy the correct size bracket if you want to hang the speaker .
604	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I should have read the review first . the surround sound set up pretty easy , but when I go to turn on the sound , two of the speaker make a high pitched noise , like a tea kettle , the whole time . I do not matter what the volume , the noise be always there . I can not return the item or have it repair ; simply stick with this home theater . I hate it and as I read the review now , this irritating noise be all too common . excitement turn into a frustrating ordeal that end in disappointment . you get what you pay for ... Buyer beware
504	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	Desde hace un tiempo deseaba un equipo asi , I encanto , sumamente complacida y llego en un tiempo record , volveria a comprarlo de ser necesario
319	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I get this system through a incentive program at work . I figure the passive sub would be anemic so I also `` buy '' a altec lansing 4.1 with power sub at the same time to mix and match . the sound of this amphion with passive sub blow the power sub away . out of the box , it rock ... cd sound great ... dvd sound great ... big sound from a little system . it have AM and FM receiver with a lot of preset ... include antena for both band ... the progressive dvd player give excellent color saturation and clarity . I be not exaggerate , but it look so much better than my apex ad660 which still look so much better than videotape . I could not be happier with it and not just because it be `` free . '' I have not yet determine if it have official dt support - no dt insignia on the front , although the owner 's manual and setup screen mention dt setup mode ... it do pop up a little light diagram show 5 channel when I put in any Dolby digital and \/ or DTS dvd . I manage to screw up the setting to the point where it sound like a cardboard box ... and to the point where it overdrive the speaker ... but after a `` set default '' thing sound excellent again . there be several mode include `` concert , '' `` theater '' and the unintentionally hillarious `` bathroom '' setting . this be not a audiophile 's dream system , but it give very correct sound and video for the money and be the pinnacle of `` out of the box home theater . '' buy it , use it as it come out of the box and Rock On .
222	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	exactly what I be look for . great price , delivery and support .
794	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	yes , I know it be a old player by a defunct company . yes I know it be obsolete in the eye of blu-ray . yes , I know the speaker be bulky and obtrusive and this be not even something that Fred Flintsone could find a use for . I have originally purchase just as a fourth dvd player for my wreckroom . in the 4 year that I have own this it be only use literally once . it take multiple time for the player to read the disc , the picture quality be lousy and the sound quality be fuzzy . anyway , I have just go in to check it to see if this work because I be think of sell it on cl and surprise , surprise , it be not work . I have come to expect thing like this to happen with the all-mighty RCA name so I be really not that surprised . rca make garbage look like gold . rca 's crummy electronics only rival they non-existant service . no excuse for make a item this poor . I should have have my head examine for purchase this piece of plastic junk .
844	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we purchase and set up this system 1\/3\/06 . it be sleek and the sound be fantastic . however 31 day later the subwoofer fan begin make a awful noise . the warranty choice be send it to N.J. or drive it 100 mile round trip for repair . we drive it 100 mile for repair . after 20 day they advise they could not fix it even after install a new fan . another 100 mile round trip to pick it up . on 3\/2\/06 we ship the subwoofer to N.J. and get it back on 4\/5\/06 . by 6\/12\/06 the subwoofer fan have stop intermittantly many time and with it all sound from the speaker . we again drive 100 mile and return the whole home theater system for credit .
666	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I recently purchase this , in the hope of get a nice home theater system without spend the big buck . I be very surprise when I open the box on how good look the unit itself be . installation and setup be a breeze . after hook it all up and pop in my first dvd I be amaze . I have friend who have thousand dollar home theater system , and this one definitely hold its own . I would recommend this unit to anyone in the market for a new home theater system .
406	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this system for almost a year now . every thing on it work great . there be a few exception like hold the ff and rw to actually rewind and fast forward . also , to those look for true wireless please think . do you want you speaker to be run on battery ? it have to have a terminal to connect to the back speaker . I be have to send the system in because the fan be bust due to a power surge . a minnor hasle , over all it produce great sound and great picture quality . Great for beginner and expert user for a affordable price
849	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	sound be good for the price , bass could be better . disc look great . one flaw to be aware of . I try to use the follow hookup and it would not work : Satellite HDMI out -rrb- 335 hdmus in -rrb- 335 hdmus out -rrb- Projector HDMI in the 335 would not output any sound while connect to the projector . if I disconnect the projector , sound . weird . I call LG support and they validate this . I guess that if I have it hook up to a tv that have audio I would not have this issue . so beware ...
305	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a amazing system for the price it be sell . I buy one for my small tv lounge and get surprise to its deep bass and its powerful satellite box . it be fully feature satisfy to all you need for a simple ht . there be 2 optical input , one for the dvd and the other one for either a CD changer or a MD. . simply AMAZING .
205	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I just buy this system after two year of major search . unfortunately , I should have wait another two year .  pro  can play almost any type of audio\/video disk Easy setup the main player look impressive  con  can not perform the most basic operation of my older , lesser Sony model ; include : can not change one disk while play another , and no shuffle mode ! -lrb- note to self ... never throw a party -rrb-  the sound be shallow , tinny , and weak . the listener be remind of a alarm clock radio . when in `` surround sound mode '' the listener be remind of several alarm clock radio .  the speaker be , in my opinion , very outlandish look . you 'll have difficulty incorporate they into any decor ; unless of course you live in a laboratory or industrial facility .  bottom-line  I would hold out on home theater for now . wait another two year for the high-end -lrb- $ 600 - $ 1000 -rrb- model to come down in price . also , power satellite speaker will be available within two year for a good price . that mean no more wire in you living room , so even the most unnatractive speaker can stay relatively hide .
24	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I have read all of the review , and while I can see both side of the coin , be aware that sure `` it be a nice little budget system '' if you be plan to replace it next year . if you want to spend $ 220 per year on a home entertainment system , that be fine . after purchase the system and be tell by customer service after 10 month `` send we $ 200 and we 'll send you a new unit '' rather than offer any type of repair - I 'll shop elsewhere for my system . in this instance , you get what you pay for .
100	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Sony know that this home Theatre System have a problem . I post earlier that this system work only for a short period of time and then do not eject disc , do not turn off and flash ` standby ' for ever . this be my second unit , which I get replace within 90 day after purchase , with the same problem . several other have mention they experience the same problem with this system . practically this system become useless once this happen . I take it to a service center of Sears where I buy the system . the technician say Sony have alert they with a ` Service Flash ' with a clear instruction of what part to change when this unit come in for repair . he say the voltage inside the dvd player be not properly regulate and unable to handle the disc and hang up in the middle something like a computer crash . he replace a resistor for my unit . the technician say he have be do that for many of this particular model that keep come in , and that he have not see the repair one back again so far . my system seem to be work well now . it be a obvious problem that Sony know very well . however , we have to pay for the repair . fortunately , I buy service protection for three year by pay $ 60 more when I buy this unit . otherwise , it cost about $ 150 - $ 200 to get the system back to work . I really wonder why should we customer pay for a obvious manufacturing defect . if Sony want to maintain they reputation and integrity , they should recall this unit and replace the part free .
786	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	sound quality be amazing , but ... for city dweller there be a catch - system do not have a plug for headphone - so there be no way to see the movie while child be go to bed in the next room . another annoying feature be slowness of dvd drive - it opens\/closes\/loads disk really slow - much slower then say famous philip 642 dvd player .
634	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	get this audio system for you television and you have instant home theater ! it come with a high quality dvd Player and a subwoofer so you have everything you need for a home theater system . it be extremely easy to hook up . three of the speaker have screw terminal which be a much better connection . at 550 watt it be really powerful . this be a great value !
806	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I should have follow the advice of the other reviewer . my volume indicator led die the first day . Vizio have I unplug the set , hold power for 30 seconds , and then plug it back in . after that the indicator work for a few hour and quit again . now the power trick do not fix it . the set sound great , but I be not sure I can live with this defect .
156	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy a ht700 two year ago and initially I like it , play great . after 2 year it stop play all music cd . both mp3 and original audio cd . couple of month after that , it stop play 50 % of blockbuster dvd . I have a 5 year old $ 75 samsung player , that still play great all kind of stuff . I do not think it be just the problem with this one panasonic system . it be all of Panasonic . it be just a piece of low quality stuff . they be just try to sell to american market this piece of junk . never buy any panasonic anymore unless you want keep buy every two year !! . - a disappointed customer
477	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	order on amazon.com , for way less than anywhere else i could find it . same price at local `` best buy '' as the model below , the fc7 .  for I , im not a expert , the sound be great , i have a bose system before this and it sound way better that that .  install easily but 3 minor grumble . 1 . the surround sound cable be not long enough have to go buy some more . 2 . Doesnt come with Wall mount for the surround sound , why ?! seem like most people have surround speaker in the ceiling or on the wall . 3 . cant connect my Dish Receiver video out through the same video out as the dvd , so i have to switch both the tv and the receiver . no idea why , just wil live with it .  anyway i like sony product be now look for a plasma screen to go with it ! happy listening
313	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I assemble it last night and figure where I want to put the speaker and what to do about the wiring etc. . it be early on but the assembly be simple and I be love the wireless rear speaker . the major part of my house be surround in rich music \/ movie \/ etc. . the coverage be absolutely amazing . as I say , it be early on but I be loving it .
89	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I have have this great system for a year and a half . yesterday the LEDs stop work . this seem to be a frequent complaint from owner of this unit . I chat with a Vizio rep and he tell I to remove the power cord from the wall outlet , hold down the power button on the bar for 30 seconds and power it back up . the led now work !
0	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	do not buy this product , $ 200 to watch 3 movie and a piece of trash . I believe there should be a class action suite against this product ! somebody with the legal expertise should organize this law suit .
785	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	the 5 CD changer refuse to close after 1 year two week . I eventually have to forcefully push cd tray # 1 back in and just use tray 2-5 . -lrb- yes I know you be not suppose to force it back in , but I run out of option . -rrb- after two more week the led display go out . all I can use it for now be sound . the lack of a display make its really hard to tell what mode you be in or how loud the speaker be . look for a replacement .
394	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I recently purchase at circuit city , $ 50 less than amazon.com . I think they be partner ? the dvd player do not work but return be no problem . the sound be very clear and the bass be strong . I have to keep the bass turn down due to apartment living . Hookup be kind of a pain . once I discard the direction and use logic it work .  Remote for the dvd be a bit poor as one button act as leave , right , up , down and enter . it be easy to hit enter unintentionally .  I do not think the product description make it clear but this be also a am\/fm tuner .  overall , I be very satisfied and would buy it again .
608	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	customer service - the Panasonic website claim this be very important to they . I have my home theater only 3-4 month when a VCR tape get stick . I have now be at the service center for almost 4 month ! when I be lucky enough to get a response from Panasonic -lrb- which be rare -rrb- , they make promise of completion and\/or replacement . but promise will not play the dvd 's my family would have like to watch together over the holiday . when we finally get through to the customer service center on the phone , they have the nerve to hand up on we twice . if you want a COMPANY to stand behind THEIR PRODUCTS - stay away from PANASONIC !!! I have truly give up hope of even get my home theater back from the Panasonic service center .
815	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Player consistently skip chapter as you watch the movie . do not recognize that a disc have beed insert half of the time . a very frustrating piece of equipment to use . Poor choice on my part . money would be better spend some where else .
110	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this for my girlfriend for Christmas . the initial setup be easy , the sound quality be acceptable for watch movie in surround sound and the fm\/cd sound be good . additionally , it upscale dvd 's with the use of a hdmus cable . however , that be where the positive end . after watch a movie , the entire system would just shut down unexpectedly . I think maybe it be a fluke , so I unplug the system , plug it back in and resume the movie . then it happen again . and again . we could not watch a movie straight through without the system just shut off . this be over a period of a couple of week so it be not just a isolate event . after have to reset the system , the user be force to reset all of the feature , include fine tuning the volume for each speaker . this be a horrible pain in the you-know-what . like two other reviewer say , the audio would just cut out completely during quiet passesge . it be as if the decoder determine that the low frequency sound be just noise and block they all together . fortunately Amazon have a hassle free return policy and I be able to get a full refund . I then buy my girlfriend a Sony which work great !
554	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this home theater system around 2 week back . after lot of research I narrow down to Panasonic and Onkyo . but due to my recent good experience with Panasonic product I go for this one . I do not want to spend more than 500 $ . this one cost I around 425 \/ - . the sound quality be very good and the speaker be very stylish . I hook the whole system in about 2 hr . the speaker wire that come with the system be 33 foot each for the surround sound speaker and should be good enough . I unecessarily buy the extra speaker cord and run short of the 50 foot wire that I buy and then only do I open the speaker wire which come default , should have open they first . the remote take some time to understand , but if you be savvy with electronic gadget it should not be a problem . you can hook up the digital cable and VCR player pretty easily -lrb- for this you may have to buy the cord -rrb- . I be pretty impressed with the sound quality from the digital cable I have , it sound better than my friend bose 3.2.1 system . the dvd player could play my home dvd 's which I burn on a dvd+r disc although the official manual say it play dvd - r disc . overall a good system for the price . I would recommend it if you be look for a sub 500 $ home theater system .
87	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	need something to compensate for my Samsung lcd 's less than ideal acoustic . simple to setup , unobtrusive , great separation , rich complex timbre . yes , the light indicator do stop work after a few day , but so what ? you listen for sound change , rely on visual signal be redundant .
384	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this system last year . I have keep it in the box for about 2 month because I be plan a move and do not want to hook it up . I hook it up in Nov or Dec of last year and play two dvd . have problem with both on audio and have to adjust language to either 2.0 or 5.1 before it would play right . most recently I join a dvd club , buy many dvd and have problem play any dvd that do not have language choice of 5.1 or 2.0 . call manufacturer and they say too bad , it be out of warranty . what a waste of money . do not buy this product .
79	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after a little dd , I finally decide to purchase this system . boy be I happy I do . the sound quality be incredible , and even though I be unable to put the rear speaker behind for the full surround sound experience , I be quite pleased with what this system be capable of . there be numerous input so you can hook-up you vcr , dvd , playstation , gamecube , etc. . there be nothing like play Grand theft auto and actually feel each bullet from the subwoofer . with the click of a button , I can change the receiver from my shoot-em-up game to a nice evening of classical music . when you can sit there and actually hear the faint `` ding '' of the triangle in the background , you know you have a great sound system .  item to note : 1 -rrb- this system come with a dvd player .  2 -rrb- the subwoofer be fairly large , but on many other system this be the case . it require a separate power source .  3 -rrb- the dvd player play dvd 's -lrb- of course -rrb- , cd 's , and mp3 's .  4 -rrb- the setup be fairly easy . there be different color of cable wire for the rear speaker , the front speaker , and the center speaker .  5 -rrb- there be two remote -lrb- one for the dvd player , and one for the receiver -rrb-
881	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great little system for the price . I have to return the first one because I have problem with the tv cut out while the sound continue . I replace the HDMI cable think it could be they , but it only happen when watch tv , not while play the Xbox etc. . after completely replace the system , I find it be actually the Motorola cable box & this system comflicting . the problem be the Motorola cable box drop signal every now and than , or the signal change . this cause the HDMI repeater on this unit to thing the system be turn off briefly and it try search the other hdmus connection for a signal . any hdmus repeater would probably have this same issue -lrb- unless it be a manual switch -rrb- the solution until Motorola can get they act together be to run a hdmus cable directly to the tv from the cable box . then run the optical out from the cable box to this unit . it be not a ideal solution but it fix the issue . you can find out more about this problem by search news group . I be not sure if Sony can fix this with a update or if it be a Motorola issue . other than the video issue , this be a great product for the price . do not let the above issue scare you off , because this unit have enough port to handle alot of different connection .
770	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be a little affraid about this system -lrb- lot of mix in the review -rrb- , however , I be pretty impressed when I plug all the cable , the sound be not a 5.1 system but this be just what I need in we living room , great sound for low price .
45	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I just get of the phone with Samsung earlier and my dvd\/home theater be dead . my warranty expire 4 month ago . it be go to cost $ 150.00 to repair the unit , and I just pay a little over $ 250.00 when I buy it . it work great until it die this weekend . all other tv component be plug into the same surge protector and they work just fine . I buy this at the same time we buy a Samsung DLP tv . Samsung would not cut I any slack on the repair cost . I suggest you skip this product and buy something different . next time we will probably skip buy any Samsung product .
502	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i wold like to review how this sound i relly would , but , it wold not even turn on ; SO , no usefull review today -lrb- shame on koss -rrb-
125	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	... cause I do not believe it either . Quincy Jones + Studio Level speaker mfgr = quality I do not expect at a value I could never get through normal channel . I be not a audiophile , but these create a better sound space than my local movie theater . I do not plan to add surround sound to my flat-screen till I find these , but now I actually look forward to sit down to the sound as much as the picture with my new flat screen . for the first few week , we turn around on several occassion think someone might be in the house , when we hear a particularly clear back noise . it be eerie . on the older silver line set that I own , lab analysis show a nice , even sound across all bandwidth except for a narrow drop off just below the voice range . when I first buy these I think I could hear that difference play the same song back and forth with my home audio system . now I do not hear it , but I think I have just get use to it . of course my home audio system can not touch the clean simplicity of the high on ribbon technology speaker . as a point of comparison , when I sit in the comfy leather chair at Best-Buy to watch they top of the line set up , the sound be a little bit richer and beefier than this set up will deliver . still , these be not toy themselves . at 110 pound there be a lot of mass in speaker magnet . when I come home to this I be very satisfied with this sound . it be way beyond the cheese-factor of a typical home theater in a box , convey movie sound track and football game well enough to entrance -lrb- too well - I have gain 20 pound -rrb- and the sense of thing move in space be believable and real . for I it be clear enough that I have save hundred on movie I now watch at home instead of in the theater . I think the way they can do this so cheaply be by not chase the most recent audio format\/standard on the receiver . you 'll notice Dolby do not say `` dolby-hd . '' note too that there be no build disc player , etc. . just sound stuff : a tuner and a amplifier . to my ear the quality of these speaker contribute a lot more than anything in the latest dt or Dolby standard and , with good speaker , I can not tell the difference . if you ear can tell the difference deliver by the most recent standard you may want to upgrade the receiver at some point and keep the speaker , or you may be able to hear thing I can not and need to be shop in the 3-5k range . I love mine just as it be . they clearly have find a affordable way to harness ribbon technology too . I remember in the 80 's giant ribbon tech speaker be ultra high-end . note too that there be no hdmus pass-through connection on the back . that may be a deal breaker for some , it work fine for I . I just connect the optical port out of my tv to the optical in on this receiver . so , for blu-ray disc my bd player connect directly to the tv with hdmus and the tv connect to this receiver via optical . Works for I . the lack of hdmus pass through be probably another way they manage to keep the cost this low . I have trouble believe you could get sound this good at this cost . if I have not find the audio response datum , I would have assume the positive reviewer just do not know sound . I take a risk and be well reward . I be no audiophile myself but my sense be I could get this quality , more connection , and maybe a little more volume if I be willing to spend about $ 2k on something else . Hope that help .
327	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I get this to add a little home Theater pizzaz to we small living room with 42 '' tv . setup be a pain because 1 -rrb- both rear speaker have the internal connector pull out . 2 -rrb- you may have to do something to you source to ensure that dd\/dts come through the optical connection . I have to dig thru the menu of my Sony Blu-Ray player to change the output from hdmus to optical . oddly , audio come out the optical port of the player at all time , but it be not dd\/dts until I make the change . now most of we have 2 source -lrb- cable\/sat box and blu-ray player -rrb- , so the Vizio really need 2 optical input . I confirm my Panasonic tv will not output dd\/dts on the optical port when use the hdmus input , so I can not use that as a switch . none of this be mention in the manual , which also do not have a diagram of the tiny unlabeled front light , so good luck on figure those out . and the manual mention mode call SRS TruSurround and SRS WOW , but do not explain they or when or why you might use they . note that dd\/dts can not be have with the analog stereo input ; make sure you source -lrb- s -rrb- have optical output if you want dd\/dts . that say , this system sound better than the cheap tv speaker -lrb- why do they make tv 's with gorgeous video , but awful audio ? -rrb- and look really spiffy . day 2 : all the button on top of the soundbar quit working . I can still control it with the remote . Stay tune . day 5 : Tech support try a black magic reset consist of remove the power , hold the power button down for one minute , then press each of the other button twice . do not help . but I can make the light go crazy by run my hand over the soundbar , so I think they have a static electricity issue , which likely kill the button . my impression be the Vizio marketing dept override the engineering dept and spend most of the money on the pretty box , but the innards be way too fragile and complicated for the intend use and user . VIZIO ADVICE : add another optical input and beef up the innards ! I will rewrite the manual for you at no charge . buyer advice : buy it locally so you can return\/exchange it easily . I get it on Amazon , so ship it back to they or Vizio be my only option . one month : unit expire . light but no sound . return to Amazon for refund . Life be too short for this nonsense .
905	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my husband think it be great , just what he want . he look for a while before we order & he be well pleased .
911	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy this system because it be well-priced and it have the hdmus switching that I require , with 4 hdmus input . after go through some setup , the system sound quite good . the speaker be make of wood and seem to be of good quality . however , sometimes the sound would screech loudly for a second when switch HDMI source . and pretty soon the receiver start freezing up and become unresponsive to any button press or the remote . the only way to unfreeze it be to unplug it from the wall . this be unacceptable . I have do some research and it seem to be a common problem , although I could not determine why it happen . the best I could find be that it be possibly a hdmus processing issue . I want to like this system - I have use denon before with little issue . it be also a pain in the neck to have to unplug everything , package it , and send it back . but I be still return this system and get another brand . sorry denon . on the up side , Amazon have be fantastic regard the return , as usual .
2	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase this system after read good review . when I set up this system I immediately notice lack of TREBLE . the system do not let you adjust treble , mid-range & base but it have pre-set sound such as Rock , Pop & so on ... I try all the preset but could not get any crisp treble from any of the setting . I try it with dvd , CD and the radio but there just be not enough treble but just dull sound as if you be listen to stereo system make in the '70 . I be return this system for either jvc or Panasonic . this be the last Sony I buy as far as home theater go . I be extremely disappointed .
633	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	after about two year the player destroy a new dvd . the changer mess up and will not eject the other disk in the player . after it be take apart and the other disk remove my dad find that a small mod will make it a single disk player but still usable . still have great sound but only a single disk player .
536	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	how many thing can I say be wrong with the system I buy . it die conveniently after the warranty expire . I have to wrestle with it to get my dvd back . when it do display picture , it would frequently pause in the middle of the movie . I would recommend spend the extra money on a better quality system . save yourself money and frustration in the long run . do not learn like I do .
390	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I receive my norcent dp1800 17.12.03 . I be so excite with it . I set it up immediately . it sound great . my wife and I first watch lord of the Rings & quot ; the two Towers & quot ; at first she say where be the bass , I think it would have have more bass , and then it hit she wow what great sound . she be not easily impressed , but she be with the dp1800 . the only thing though be that the power can not be turn on or off with the remote . other than that , I recommend it to anyone who be interested in a highly efficient low price range home Theater System . it be a great buy .
880	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we have have several different type of home theater system and this one have have the best sound , easy to use .
514	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I 'll keep it short . it be small , sound good and look good . hdmus pass through seem to work fine for I . I order a 3d tv , so I 'll wait and see if it pass 3d just fine . although it do say 3d capable on the box . my only complaint be why be my remote in japanese ? I be able to figure out what all the button be because half of they have label in english too , and the other half i just hit and see what they do . all the other documentation and manual be english , guess they just put the wrong remote in the box . oh well I 'll live with it just find it odd .
525	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	... actually buy one of these , and you should have see the look on she face when she come over to my house and hear a REAL home theater system ! I feel so sorry for she , I offer to come over to she house and check that all the connection be properly set up . well , I go and see that yes all the speaker cable be correctly put in . in fact , she have go out and use those gazillion dollar monster cable , poor thing -- she be always such a gullible , trust woman . but that be that : there simply be no way around the simple fact that for the outrageous amount she pay for this system , it produce barely mediocre sound . just lot of treble and some exaggerated bass , which would be okay if you only watch bang-bang-wham-bam-kaboom action movie . however , she love musical and drama -- which only expose the total scam that this overhyped and overpriced bose stuff really be . to they credit , bose do however honor they money-back policy which UPS and FedEx probably appreciate greatly .
157	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I select these base on appearance in my living room as the primary factor and sound specification be secondary . the sound quality be so poor I have to disconnect they and go back to my old stuff . speaker have very poor sound quality and no depth at all . I hope other learn from my mistake ! the good news be that they be cheap .
595	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the sound on this system be really fantastic for the price , but I have have the same experience as the other reviewer . the dvd skip constantly , and Phillips be absolutely no help in fix the problem . Amazon have be great and have offer to give a 50 % credit , but Phillips insist that I send -lrb- at my own expense -rrb- the machine to they and then wait 4 + week to have a ` possibly ' refurbish unit . I be quite disappointed with Phillips and its lack of customer service .
848	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	nice home theater system . at a reasonable price , you get a complete home theater system with blu-ray player along with access to Netflix , Youtube , Pandora etc. . so far , I be loving it . Easy to setup . the sound quality be great even at loud volume . the bass be good too - shake my floor ! Netflix , Pandora , Youtube work well . easily connect to a external hard drive\/flash drive - can enjoy watch video , music , and photo through the portable media . the iPod doc work great too . I would say , for listen to music and watch movie in a apartment , this be a great find . the only feature miss be independent control over the bass . there be a sound effect call `` bass blast '' which can be select , but other than that no control over the range of frequencies\/volume of the bass individually .
247	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	price and performance be what I want and get . I need something to replace my old break down speaker system . the crummy speaker on my tv would not cut it . setup be simple ; it be practically plug and play . I get what I expect . nothing fancy or blow you out of the room but good enough to get the job do . the room it be in be a fairly large odd shaped room but that do not seem to affect the performance at all . I would recommend this to anyone on a budget that just need to get actual sound from whatever you be watch or play .
277	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be overall a very nice compact audio system . it be stylish with metal finish on the front and the speaker have better finish than Panasonic 's sc-19 -lrb- ? -rrb- 5 cd changer at WalMart . it also play dvd disc and the speaker be magnetic-shielded , which be another advantage when you connect it with a laptop to play mp3 's . the price of $ 150 -lrb- I do not know why it go up like $ 200 after I purchase it -rrb- be pretty nice consider all these feature . however , there be some minor thing you need to consider before buy this unit . I usually listen to jazz and classic and the bass be rather strong . the overall sound be not very clear like other hi-fi unit , but you may not expect it from a $ 150 unit ... also , you can not random-play mp3 file . however , this problem be the same for other Panasonic compact system . this be rather silly . I hope Panasonic can improve it for they next model . although this unit can read dvd-r disc , it do not support mp3 playback on a dvd-r disc . overall , this be a fine unit . I wish it could play clear sound as well as my cheap $ 50 sennheiser px100 headphone , but it be also true that I can not get a stereo unit like this with dvd support for $ 150 . I be think about JVC and Phillips unit as well , but they be fall behind in overall feature .
439	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	well the old say go , ya get what ya pay for but if I be rca I would be embarrass to etch my name on this one . this thing pretty much suck . the worst part be the remote control . I be not sure why they even put one in the box as it be completely ineffective except maybe as a weapon to throw at the dog . if it be up to I we should all box they up and ship they back to China so it could drive they user crazy !!!
355	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this system have no digital input , so if you want to use it with a xbox or a PlayStation 2 for dolby\/dts playback , you be out of luck .  consider yourself warn .
511	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I be very disappoint with this speaker system . the lousy speaker on my tv sound much better . I have to turn it off at first , but then experiment a little more . it sound half way decent if you be only listen to music . Kind of like a old garage sale radio . it sound terrible for tv and movie though , which be what I buy it for . the sound be very flat , and even though I turn the rear speaker up all the way , they be barely audible . I would not really suggest this system for anyone , even those on a limited budget like I . you can find a system that sound better in most garbage dumpster .
130	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	can not find any tech datum for this item ? can not rate this item .
84	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we have own Onkyo component for over 15 year now . when we decide to upgrade we exist Onkyo receiver to take advantage of the new technology for home theater , we know we want to stay with the Onkyo brand . after check models\/prices locally , we look online and come across this system on -lrb- ... -rrb- and decide to go with it . the system ship and arrive as advertised but after set it up we start have problem with it within week . we run all of we audio\/video component through the receiver then out to TV & speaker . we first problem be that when watch dvd the picture would blank out for a few seconds periodically and be not isolate to just one damage disk . the sound would continue on through these black out without interruption . for troubleshoot I bypass the Onkyo receiver with the video output from the dvd player directly into the tv . the video black out stop . when I contact -lrb- ... -rrb- about the problem , I be tell that I have to deal directly with the retailer that ship it , not Amazon . I contact the retailer and be tell that we need to contact Onkyo for repair\/assistance . since we have a viable workaround to this issue we decide to skip the hassel of disconnecting\/boxing\/shipping the unit back and be without a stereo for 6 - 8 week or more . well , about 8 month later the same thing start to happen when we be play tape in we VCR . again , I bypass the receiver directly to the tv and the problem stop . we do have other `` issue '' with the Home Theater in a Box system , such as the speaker not be very good quality , the subwoofer box rattle and we find a loose piece of wood in it . we never have a problem with we previous Onkyo component . we have subsequently purchase a new Onkyo receiver from a local retailer and have not have any problem with it at all . obviously we still like Onkyo brand and do not know if we problem be relate to purchase a `` refurbish '' system or not but it be hard not to draw that conclusion .
940	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	we get this system in June , and although it work great for a few month , this weekend it freeze in the `` hello - protection - Goodbye '' describe in other review here . read other ' experience , I expect we 'll just replace this with something that do not have so many dissatisfied customer .
513	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	other review be right : it take about 2 year before the dvd player malfunction . Ours do last night , after purchase it in oct 2002 . we be look at significant repair cost . awesome sound be N\/A if you can not enjoy the main function of the unit -lrb- video -rrb- .
706	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system because it be highly rate by a consumer group as have excellent sound . they be right - it sound awesome with soundtrack-heavy dvd 's . however , I be go to get rid of it because I already have a extensive home theater system that I do not want to replace , and there be no way to output from this receiver to my current system !! rather , I can output video , but not audio . what kind of idiot at Panasonic decide that no one would want to output audio ? grant , the speaker that come with it be great , and the dialog-enhancement feature make it much easier to hear what the actor be actually say -lrb- you 'll hear dialog that you totally miss at the theater . -rrb- it would be a great system for someone who have nothing else they need to hook up - thus the 4 star . for I , however , it be just a few hookup short of basic utility .
418	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be very satisfied with this product , give it 4 star only because I do not have a lot of comparison . you get a lot of feature for dollar in the $ 300 + range : dvd\/vcr , 5.1 surround , 6 speaker , a multitude of custom setting , auxillary input , component video output , s-video output , progressive scan , mp3 capable , 220 watt of power , and more . I recently have Terminator 3 in the dvd player , and really rattle the room . I have mine hook up with a DISH Network box and frequently play the digital music channel through the surround speaker . I also use the mp3 feature , and have put several of my favorite album on a cd-r in mp3 format and let it spin for hour . the picture quality with CVI output look great . all in all , this be a great value for a theater system , the only thing better would be to spend more and get a 5-disc changer . I be very happy with the purchase .
714	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i buy this item and its one of the channel do not work . they say its cheap but they send it defective .
658	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	-lrb- April , 2006 -rrb- HOME THEATER ? - PANASONIC make garbage ! I buy a similar dvd home Theater Sound System , Panasonic Model SC-HT900 less than three year ago and the sound have go out ! the product have normal use and good care by two fifty-something . Panasonic have a service center over a hour 's drive away . after patronize I as though I be a idiot , the customer `` care '' person on the phone would not offer any break , other than a `` slight discount '' on the purchase of a newer model -lrb- equivalent to a retail sale -rrb- . why would I want to take a risk on the sc-ht 930 when the earlier model go belly-up before its time ? what gall - attempt to capitalize on they fail product ! I have be tell it be not worth the anticipated cost of repair . so after spend $ 500 on a product that look brand new , two year later I have to trash it ? nobody should have to take a absolutely new-looking product to the land fill because the manufacturer 's greed override the ethic of make a quality product . my last surround sound system be a cheap rca ; actually last exactly three year -lrb- longer than the Panasonic -rrb- before it fail . we should not buy product from company that do not take responsibility for they product . I would not even consider buy this without add the cost of the longest extended warranty you can find . as for I , NEVER AGAIN will I buy PANASONIC ! DECEMBER , 2006 UPDATE : some time after I write the above review , I again contact Panasonic , speak to another representative and she seriously consider my situation . she arrange to have the product repair , free , at a central repair center -lrb- I pay ship to ; Panasonic pay return -rrb- . the amp work again , though it still get very hot , so I cool it with a small external fan ; hopefully to preclude another failure . after some month of use , it have not fail - and have have some of my faith in Panasonic restore , I just buy a Panasonic tv . I hope this home theater and other current model be improve version and that this company be learn that old-fashioned customer service pay off in the long run . to conclude , I base my review of the above model on my earlier Model sc-ht900 -lrb- no longer in production -rrb- , which have a amp failure that Panasonic finally repair - although I suspect to original component design specification . I suspect newer model may be improve . but for the initial amp failure , I would give the performance of my system five star .
119	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I recently receive this item as a gift for Father 's day from a sc member warehouse for three benjamin . in my bedroom , I have the system up and run in less than a hour . most of the time be spend figure out where to place the speaker . hook the system up to my dvd\/cd player , tv , super vh vcr , tape deck , computer 's graphic card tv-out and computer 's sound card be easy . the sound quality blow I away . it be magnificent and system be extremely loud without distortion . my biggest gripe with the system be the subwoofer hence 4 out of five . the 200 watt in receiver amp be not give justice by be hook to a subwoofer with only two small 5 '' driver inside . in a corner of a small room it be sufficient for those who do not like a lot of bass , but I really want to feel t-rex come , explosion , and fight scene in movie . I be thankful that the receiver have a pre-amp output for a additional power subwoofer . I currently have a audiosource sw fifteen -lrb- 15 '' driver and 200 watt amp -rrb- subwoofer line with two buck of polyfil attach that give more total bass than I now know what to do with -lrb- volume past half-way up shake entire house ! -rrb- . I get lucky and discover the item for less than a benjamin at america 's number one online auction site . the receiver be also excellent with multiple s-video port , digital coax , digital optical , as well be multiple rca input with one set on the front for convenience . I love the analog to digital signal processing that can be use to manipulate the sound in multiple way to simulate club , concert , theater , church , stadium and arena environment . other minor gripe that I have with the system be that it do not support any component video so if you have it on you dvd player , digital satellite , and\/or hdtv receiver then you tv must have multiple component video input or you will have to use one only at a time or a separate switch box . the receiver also could have be make to upgrade rca video to s-video for better picture quality , but it do not do this so I use another super vh vcr connect between the receiver and the television for this purpose . other recommendation for more serious audiophile include use heavier gauge speaker wire and a better fm \ be antenna . if you be a expert you could probably build you own passive subwoofer and attach it instead of the one send with the unit . for a 900 watt bedroom home theater with a power subwoofer attach by a shield subwoofer cable for less than five benjamin , this system be simply awesome . one of my friend be currently in the process of get this system as well . if you be a member of sc warehouse then you be in luck but even at Amazon 's ... higher price this system be a steal .  Update : I decide to replace the subwoofer that come with the system with a Pyle Audio pltb12 12 inch subwoofer bass tube -lrb- need one to handle at least 200 watt RMS of power from the amplifier . -rrb- the 200 watt subwoofer amp in the receiver be finally do justice . after this I do not even need my Audiosource subwoofer with the system because the bass this tube put out have my whole house shake with the Audiosource off . I must admit the round tube be not very aesthetic so I hide it in a corner behind a few thing . for less less than seventy buck off the net include S&H; , this be probably the cheapest solution to get more bass from the system .
328	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I buy this system about three week ago and I have to say I be very pleased with my purchase . for the price I pay , I could not go wrong . I do a lot of research and I be look for a nice surround sound with speaker and sub for a decent price . I hit the mark with this system ! I pay $ 244.00 for this system and the day after I purchase it the price go up to $ 399 ! it be all that I could ask for in a surround sound system for that price ! it be a 600 watt system -lrb- each speaker be 100 watt -rrb- . I have a smaller living room so once I run the cable in the wall and mount the speaker , the sound engulf you and you feel like you be part of any movie that you watch . the speaker be very sleek and be on the small size , which be what I want . I do not want to mount huge speaker next to my flat screen tv . they look awesome . the sub be passive so you do not have a power cable for the device , which be what I like . it come with a asc mic so it auto calibrate the sound output , but to be honest , I go in and tweak the output to my desire as I want the rear speaker to be a bit louder . it also come with a ipod dock , which I have yet to use , but will eventually . this be also a 3d pass through device which be a need since I own a Samsung 51 '' 3d plasma tv and a PlayStation 3 . I have yet to try the 3d capability as I just purchase the 3d tv , but that will happen soon . all in all I think this be a great purchase at the price I pay . would I have pay $ 399 for this system , hmmm , maybe and maybe not ? I would have to compare what this offer to similar device at the same price ... and at this point I be do do research : - -rrb- all I know be that I could not pass it up for $ 244.00 ! the only negative for this system be the speaker wire it come with be flimsy , so do yourself a favor like I do and purchase better speaker wire . believe I it be worth it for the 15 buck . I test the system with the cable include and then with 16 gauge wire I buy and the difference be night and day ! also , the system do not appear to operate in standby , not a big deal to I , but someone may want this feature . the last negative for this product be that it do not seem to have a remote code for my Comcast remote control , which mean I have to use the remote control that come with it to turn the system on and off and to toggle the input . this be not fun , but it be not a deal breaker for the price . Hope this help and happy hunting .
472	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase it at best buy and be real happy with look and price . Easy set up . rent 5 dvd 's and it lock up on everyone of they , picture freeze for a few seconds , then would play . very annoying .
643	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	boy be I dupe . I search and search to find a surround sound system that be both wireless and affordable , and I would think I would find just the one . I read the description : ` wireless rear speaker ' . ok , I would prefer all the speaker to be wireless , but on a budget I guess I can live with that . so , I make the purchase and it arrive in the mail . I open up the manual to set it up , and I notice not only be there a wire for EVERY speaker , but there be even a additional rear wireless receiver box about the size of a PlayStation 2 that have to either be mount on the wall or place on a shelf , with wire run from it to each rear speaker -lrb- oh , and the receiver have to be near a power outlet , so there be yet another cord you have to deal with -rrb- . this be totally ridiculous ; it be even more obtrusive than if I just have wire run to every corner of the room from the main unit . what be the point ? there be nothing wireless about this system . I have not even test the sound quality , so I can not speak to that . I be just so upset at have be hoodwink into buy a `` wirele '' product that be even more wireful than my previous non-wireless system that I have to submit this review immediately to keep anyone else from make the same mistake . hopefully , I can return this item without too much of a hassle .
407	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	great stuff . look around and think the pioneer be best , buy this on sale for a little over 400 and consider it worth every penny . about 35 minute setup time .  only complaint be that I have to go out and buy addtional cord to hook it up to my tv for tv sound , but that be more a complaint with all of these `` out of the box '' system .  it really have terrific sound -- deep and solid bass and the raindrop in Forest Gump -lrb- Vietnam scene -rrb- be crystal clear . the picture be equally as clear . would definately recomend to a friend .
373	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this system have a easy set up it only take I about 10 minute , maybe less . the length of the speaker wire be just right for my studio and put out good sound . one draw back be the cord , each have one black side and then a different color run through the whole wire . it would not have be so bad if only the first inch of so of the wire be such but now it make the wire pretty obvious if there be not a way to place they discreetly . overall a great product , but have one serious down fall for I and that be the blu-ray player . it take a while to load and then it would occasionally drop the sound for a quick second . not noticible at first but happen more frequently . then finally no sound at all . the blu-ray would freeze try to load a dvd and then it be blinking pink and the home screen which lead to a solid pink screen . the AUX source work fine and put out great sound still , so it be solely the blu-ray player that be problematic . so , if all you need be great sound from you AUX source this be a great buy . but since I know we want the whole system I would not recommend this product . the return for I be super simple . repack the system in the box it come in , print the UPS label from return Center , place the return paper in box , and drop off at a UPS location . Got to the Returns Center in a week and reimbursement notice in the same day .
374	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just recently purchase this item . the sound be great , extremely loud and clear for both dvd and cd . it be not the most user friendly piece of equipment ever , it be easy to set up and get work with dvd , but some other thing that you would think would be simple , like put cd on random be suprisingly difficult . the instruction be all but useless . the other thing that be obviously my fault for not realize it , be it do not include digital input so you can not listen to cable show that be broadcast in surround or video game that support surround in true surround . I do not understand that requirement when I buy it and be disappoint when I figure it out . seem like a system that nice should have the ability to generate surround sound from a outside source . also get the wireless rear speaker kit and it have work really well so far . it will occasionally fight with my wireless laptop if I sit between the unit and back speaker , but it switch channel by itself and work perfectly after a few seconds .
101	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	just over a year ago I be want to purchase a home theater system for the family to enhance the enjoyment of watch movie . after look around we discide to purchse RCA 's model rt-2300 Digital sound processor . after set up the system we enjoy many movie and the sound be wonderful . we even add a dvd player to further advance the enjoyment of watch movie . when the system be almost a year old , the nightmare start . on occasion the system would shut down by itsself and would not powerup again for several minute . this seem to only be a minor inconvience after all , it only happede occasionally . -lrb- at first : -lcb- -rrb- soon the system would not even power up for more that a few seconds and all movie watch stop . I have take the system in for repair three different time -lrb- for around $ 100 -rrb- and the system still do not work . the receiver have spend the last seven -lrb- 7 -rrb- month in and out of the repair shop and still no remedy have be find . ocord to the repairman , he call RCA for some technical help in find the problem and they say they do not know anything about the reciever because they do not manufacture it directly . so I have a receiver that will sit around and collect dust until the next yard sale . I will most likely hold on to the speaker , after all one can not have too many book end in the library . in short , be CAREFUL when consider the rca rt-2300 .
775	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I also purchase this system , and have experience the same problem the fellow from Kentucky do ; only I still have a picture after the sound go out . I have not yet speak to Panasonic about this . I would like to find out how the guy from Kentucky know this be a known problem . it do not do that until after a couple of month after we purchase the unit . have I know this , I would not have purchase this model .
128	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the Panasonic sc-htb15 be a great home Theater System . it be unfortunate that I be not able to install this myself due to the way my current Panasonic Viera television be set up -lrb- it be wall mount by a professional -rrb- so I need to call in someone to do this for I . I watch the tech set it up and seem to be relatively easy to do -lrb- once he be able to get to the wall mount television -rrb- . if I have the television on a standard table mount I be sure I coud have easily set this up myself . once install , all I can say be ` wow ' to the quality of the sound . the technician set up the speaker similar to the way it be display on the Amazon page , one on each side of the television wall mount . to I , the sound rival any 4 speaker system out there and fro , the second it be turn on , fill my entire room with beautiful crystal clear sound . if there be any drawback at all it would be that I wish the system be wireless -lrb- so I do not have to go through the expense of the installation -rrb- . but , as I mention , I do have a wall mount which be my own drawback I guess . I would recommend this system to anyone to use in a family room or live room with a large screen tv -lrb- I love the Viera model so I be slightly prejudice when it come to the Panasonic name -rrb- .
30	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	be cool for a kid surround system . work for about 6 month before the dvd function stop work . the radio be extremely sensitive , i could get station that be unavailable in any other system i have own -lrb- include car !!! -rrb- the speaker be weak and the sub be overpower . after about another month of non-dvd , i be upset and about to buy another system , like a sonybox . I remove the shell and find the broken chip that have burn out . I simply use a eyeglass screwdriver and poke at it untill the dvd would work -lrb- take about a hour , but dvd only work untilll unit get hot , bout 4 hour -rrb- in the direction it say not to put anything on top of it -lrb- even ps2 or xbox -rrb- , dont ! should work fine then . anyway , find a cool feature the company install that allow they to sell the unit in asia too , in the case there be a switch lable ntsc\/pal , you can switch it to pal and play bootleg , import , and non-region code dvd ! the menu text switch to chinese or japanese or something too ... the mp3 menu be confusee but managable . if you have a older stereo with bigger speaker , i reccomend change they , the one supply be low quaity .
509	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	just like a previous reviewer , R. Adams from Austin , I have have nothing but the very same problem with my Panasonic home theater . it be alarming to hear that he have have the same lack of customer service from Panasonic that I have experience . since day # 1 , I experience major problem with it . after nearly five hour of disassemble my old speaker and put this one together , I begin to test it with a dvd . within minute , the sound shut off altogether . the movie still play , but the volume be nonexistant . I go over everything again ... everything ... and try again . same problem . I have to turn the unit off and then on again , and the volume be back , but it happen repeatedly . it become almost comical ; you buy something like this to upgrade you movie-watching experience , and instead , it turn what little leisure time my family be afford into misery , and I be honesty not exaggerate . I have try contact Panasonic four time regard this issue ; the first time , they tell I to take the entire system apart , make sure none of the wire be fray , and put it back together again . it have take I hour to put the thing together to begin with , and I would already do exactly what they have say to do , but still , I move furniture , trace all the wire to make sure they be fine and unfrayed , and put everything together again . still , nothing . I watch `` Phantom of the Opera '' one night just to see how often the sound cut out ... it take almost four and a half hour to watch the movie , and I have to re-start the theater a mind-blowing 214 time . Panasonic never respond to any of my further inquiry . evidently , the have steal my money and that be good enough for they . I will never buy any Panasonic product again , almost entirely base on he way Panasonic fail to address the problem . I feel rob .
738	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	after two month of own the sd-43ht , about half of my dvd would not play . the display would read `` no disc . '' if I repeatedly turn the power off and on again I could get some of the disc to play . this system can play other region code dvd , but not all of they . some of my region 3 will not play , even before the dvd player break . the dvd player also take way too long to load a disc . the picture be lousy . any bright red color will distort and jitter on the screen . the sound be not much better than tv speaker . the subwoofer be boomy amd flat sound and much louder than the rest of the speaker . the dvd player do not have audio output , so you can not play a movie without the speaker that come with the system . the digital input be too large so you optical cable just sit in the input and fall out if the dvd player be move . if you connect another dvd player or game console to the sd-43ht through the digital input , the audio will go out of sync for any Dolby source . dt play fine though ... also , the video out connector be also loose so you can not get a signal to the tv without hold the cable . -lrb- yes , I try other cable -rrb- the angle mark can not be turn off , which be very annoying if you have a disc with multiple camera angle . I read the entire manual -lrb- horribly write , by the way -rrb- and there be no way to remove the angle mark . oh yeah , do not buy this .
4	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i have to return it because i love it ... can you believe that ? let I explain that : i be 36 so that mean im always look for the best , this be my second onkyo product , i get my first onkyo home theater in 2005 and be a bang for the buck !!! this one i buy it specifically because be only 2 speaker plus the woofer , easy installation !! i be try to avoid the hassle to install yard and yard of cable , and its only this one or the bose one . I get it today , then i install it , and after listen to it i decide to pay almost 30 buck to return it -lrb- i be honest and say its because i do not want it anymore -rrb- in order to exchange it for the top of the line -lrb- around 900 buck -rrb- because it make I remember why i love onkyo so much , believe I you wont regret it !!! when you start the config you can feel that you buy some high quality product , then one great surprise ; you have the option to buy the extra speaker from onkyo for 100 buck and convert it to full 5.1 -lrb- come with the connection -rrb- , anyway if some one complain about this , believe I , if someone complain about this home theater , be almost sure he\/she will about any other one .
398	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this piece of junk fail within the first week . I send it to a Panasonic Repair Center and after 3 week they could not repair it and now I have to send it to the East Coast . I spend $ 300 for a product that not even the PANASONIC repair center can repair !!! they warranty be worth absolutely nothing !!! stay away from PANASONIC ! THIS PRODUCT be ABSOLUTE JUNK . it be SO BAD that PANASONIC REPAIR CENTERS CAN NOT REPAIR IT !!!!
426	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I buy this dvd player about 4 month ago ... for the brand I figure it would be a pretty good unit ... I think wrong though right now the only movie I can get to work on this player without the speaker buzz be Rocky Horror , and that only if I listen to it in mono ... so far my Bass channel put out just buzz ... the internal fan go dead , so the only way to keep it from over heating be to keep the lid off it ... the left and right channel buzz , the surround stop work all together ... all in all , this unit be worthless ... dont buy it !!! and , if on the off chance that you already have one ... when it break down , save the speaker , they be the best part of the unit ...
771	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I just buy this system to take advantage of my movie and game . and man , do it ever ! this system be great in everyway the sound be just incredable . I hook up my Sony dvd Player , XBOX , Playstation 2 , Gamecube and VCR to this system and it blow I away . it be like watch a movie for the first time and play a game for the first time . I highly recommend this system to everyone . best system ever .
234	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be very picky with my recommendation , but this system be one you can not beat for the price . I love the fact that you can get this without a dvd player , for those who already have one seperately . you 'll hear movie and music in a way you never have before . get ready to be blow away .
114	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Buyer beware . if you buy make sure you test EVERY feature before the 30 day be up . this will take alot of work as there be many feature and alot of setup . otherwise you can not return it . the MX 6000us I receive have the follow issue : 1 -rrb- dvd player do not work 2 -rrb- dvd drawer be stick open after 3 opening . 4 -rrb- Phillips support do not recognize the product model number 5 -rrb- Product have many mode -lrb- tv sound , dvd , internet , pc link -rrb- and lock up in these mode require a reboot . 6 -rrb- reboot be sometimes slow 7 -rrb- tv sound mode have significant delay from tv picture 8 -rrb- after some time tv sound mode add artifact to the tv sound require reboot . 9 -rrb- stream media be jerky . 10 -rrb- dvd drawer require many pushing of the button to open . 11 -rrb- the picture of this thing be mislead the tower speaker be really like 10 time the height of the dvd unit .
690	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	as previous note to Tivo user , this do not work with TIVO 3 series properly -lrb- and maybe other Tivo system -rrb- . when Tivo be connect through HDMI , it have a tendancy to force Tivo to switch to 720p -lrb- even if you specify it to be fix at 1080i in Tivo itself -rrb- . this seem to be a rampant problem with Yamaha receiver and Tivo . I be go to blame this on Tivo as it be do this itself , even when you tell it to fix itself at 1080i . only solution be to go from Tivo to tv and use optical out from tv to receiver . I find the subwoofer to be plenty powerful and offer cinematic bass but the speaker be so tiny have its limit . while the speaker get loud enough there be a lack of fullness to the sound due to the speaker be only 1.5 '' in height . I use to have a onkyo 5.1 system with much larger speaker and there be a noticeable difference . I have to turn it louder to than I usually like to to hear the sound effect . I do not find there be much separation from the sound come from the speaker either . the left and right speaker be less than 30 '' apart and that have something to do with it . I would say I be disappointed but this be not unexpected . it be like date a hot girl only to find the makeup hide she real face and have fake boob . that be say , this be a nice solution for people who want better sound but do not want all the hassle of a true surround system . it will satisfy a lot of people but it will disappoint other . be this system worth it at over $ 300 ? I would say no , but under $ 300 it be a keeper since the receiver\/subwoofer combination be a real space saver . so I intend on keep this . I get a September 2010 build -lrb- this sit long on the shelf unsold ! -rrb- and it already have the 3d pass-through firmware install . 3d pass through on my PS3 fine , although you have to make sure you ps3 be use automatic display output . if you have a tv with hdmus arc , it do not work with the receiver as this model be not arc capable . I would like to note that the receiver itself have leave , center , right speaker wire connection -lrb- no rear surround connection -rrb- . it be possible to hook up separate left , center , and right speaker if you should decide that the soundbar do not meet you need . the receiver itself have setting for this if you should decide to hook up different speaker . I be more than satisfy with the receiver\/woofer but I might replace the sound bar with larger speaker in the future . note that the newer model for this system do have larger left\/right speaker . the newer system also have usb input and headphone output .
570	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	pro : good sound , relatively easy setup con : for my home network , the wireless connection be not reliable . I have to switch to a wire connection use a Powerline connector from Netgear . also , have to buy a separate rocketfish rear wireless speaker unit to allow cord free rear speaker connection . lastly , if streaming hd program from Netflix , make sure you have at least at 5mbp download speed or you 'll be get a lot of buffering .
63	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	I be a previous owner of the Vizio vht210w and be some what satisfy with it be performance . the sound quality be not nothing to ramp about but it be a much improvement from just have tv speaker . I recently purchase the vizio vht510 and I have to say I be very impressed . sound quality be amazing for the price I pay . 5.1 ch be clearly a much improvement compare to the 2.1 ch on the vht210w . besides the 5.1 ch the soundbar itself sound much more crisp from the previous model . the subwoofer give a much cleaner deep base compare to the previous model which sound a bit muffle . the remote be alot more responsive . overall , I be very satisfield with this sound system . the only complaint I have be the wire speaker . it would rather have the speaker wireless rather than the subwoofer wireless . BTW , many of the poor review for this system be mainly about durability and functionality issue . since this system be new , the first batch probably have some glitch . I have my system a little over 2 week and still work flawlessly -lrb- knock on wood -rrb- . if you be look for a affordable system , definitely consider this one . I would definitely buy this system again unless a newer model come out .
702	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	customer service - the Panasonic website claim this be very important to they . I have my home theater only 3-4 month when a VCR tape get stick . I have now be at the service center for almost 4 month ! when I be lucky enough to get a response from Panasonic -lrb- which be rare -rrb- , they make promise of completion and\/or replacement . but promise will not play the dvd 's my family would have like to watch together over the holiday . when we finally get through to the customer service center on the phone , they have the nerve to hand up on we twice . if you want a COMPANY to stand behind THEIR PRODUCTS - stay away from PANASONIC !!! I have truly give up hope of even get my home theater back from the Panasonic service center .
873	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I buy this just the other day and hook it up with the include a\/v cable and it work jut fine . then I go out and buy component cable to take advantage of the system 's Progressive scan capability . I hook it up and try to watch the lord of the Rings Extended Edition . it work fine and look amazing but then I switch it to DTS and there be a random loud thumping noise come from the subwoofer . it be very audible and very distracting during quieter scene . it sound like someone rub they hand over a inflated balloon . I check around on the internet and find a few other people have this problem . one of they speak with a customer service representative and he tell he that this happen because DTS and Progressive Scan be not compatible which sound crazy to I . we think it be a design flaw . I have email customer service myself and I hope they can help I but until then , be very wary when consider this system . if you do not have a progressive scan tv , do not worry about it and get this system which be actually a very good deal . if you want progressive scan and DTS -lrb- my personal favorite audio language -rrb- then avoid this system until Samsung get this work out . any help you all can offer will be appreciate .
804	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this surround sound have great sound and be very easy to install , and consider the price versus one of the more expensive one with dvd or bluray player ... you be really better off with this one ! for starter most people already have one of these player or console in they home so to go through the expense of pay 300 to 500 and sometimes more be ridiculous ! for one you can just run the audio cord to you tv to get all extra sound for anything you have hook for it ... it be not necessary to buy the adapter for the hdmus cord ! why buy the adapter when you can , like I say , just run the cord to you tv . I love the sound it generate and it be a space saver ! I have a older model that be just too bulky and take up too much of what space I do have for it . . which trust I be very little . the only thing I would say I have prob with be the fact that the remote be so small and easy to loose !
495	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the sound be never that good . but I do not have to worry about that since 6 month later it die . Kaput . error f65 . I replace it with a Phillips purchase on sale at BestBuy . the quality & sound be so much better ! Shop around on this one , it be not worth it .
38	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	fabulous ! so what do a electronically challenge person do ? look for the simplest , yet best the market have to offer . I admit I be not a `` audio guru '' , but the sound this system produce for the price be great ! I compare it with the bose 3-2-1 , and this system win hand down . my goal be to not have obnoxious , obtrusive speaker and wire overtake my room , and this absolutely fit the bill ! it be a small , attractive system with great sound . I purchase the system for sound with my LG 47 '' 1080p lcd hdtv -lrb- which I should have purchase from Amazon for a much lower price ... my bad ! -rrb- and be totally enjoy the sound with dvd 's as well as CD 's and fm radio . however , because I be electronically challenge , I have not yet be able to figure out how to make the sound come out of the tv -lrb- which be the whole point for the system -rrb- . nonetheless , I be enjoy this amazing system and look forward to enjoy it even more when I can get it to work with my tv !
845	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be a Sony fan but I buy ht-p50 because of it be a new product with great speaker design from Samsung . I like Samsung 's cell phone a lot so I give a chance and buy this from B&H; Photo Video store -lrb- www.bhphotovideo.com -rrb- in NY via online . I like the overall of the product such as sound output and again nice speaker design . but after two week later , when I turn it on from sleep-mode , I hear a loud noise from the back of the unit . I find out the noise be from cool fan -lrb- just like a pc but smaller size -rrb- . the noise be just like a old pc fan before it go bad . so I tap it lightly and the noise go away for a few seconds and then noise come back again . so I tap it again . this time the noise go away . remember , this unit be only two week old ! I never have bad experience with all of my Sony or Canon equipment . Poor quality control from Samsung ! I will never buy Samsung product again . do not have time to take it to authorized service dealer since I do not have time for this -lrb- put all into the box then drive 12 mile to the service center and leave it for several week ? -rrb- . no way ! I buy this to enjoy , not to spend money and then time to fix it . I will not buy Samsung again ! ever !
617	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this home theater system be horrible . it produce a small band at the top of the picture that be blue in color and affect every scene . furthermore , when you power the unit down , then go back to the dvd that be already load , the unit play from the beginning and not from where you last leave off from .  do not waste you money . Stick with the Sony dream System line .
831	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	amazing surround sound !!! we have a 1600 sq. ft. house and we family room have vault ceiling and be approximately 300 sq. ft. ... I be truly amaze with how well the quality be . I be hesitant at first because they be very inexpensive and I always figure with surround sound you get what you pay for , but not the case here at all ! we even splice the wire to make they longer and still have amazing quality ! I love put on music , regular cable or a movie and mute the surround sound to show people the difference ! no mount bracket ... but we screw in small l shape bracket to the top of the little speaker , and screw in hook on the wall ... work perfectly !  rca rt151 home Theater System
377	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I buy this because I have review and find out it be good for I to buy , I do not any product without review
529	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this system have several design flaw . one be the remote control design - intermittent at best . another be the tray design . it misalign itself , and scrape up the disk inside . do not buy this product . Panasonic need to go back to the draw board on this one . this really should have 0 star , but that be not a option . a waste of time here .
56	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	pick this up last week from Vanns through Amazon . setup be a breeze . sound quality be excellent . Minimum number of wire . Optical audio to fio box hdmus to tv and two set of speaker wire . decent selection of free and premium internet audio and video app . I be tempt to drop a few of my pay service and subscribe to 1 or two all you can eat download subscription . the only negative be that after I program my hatmony remote it still do not automatically always go to the correct input .
296	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	I be 14 and you should read this before think about buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this look pretty cool but like most item it get old really fast ! there be many thing you can do with it and I think it be really hard to put together because there be so many wire . this system have good sound and it go fairly loud . if you want a a nice system I would not pick this Audiovox . only get this item if you want a small surrond sytem for you room . it be good for party and for watch some movie if that what you look for .
454	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I purchase to go with my Toshiba 42 hd projection tv . sure its not a $ 1,000 system but it work fine and have excellent audio and video output . sound as good as my $ 500 Sony setup that I have upstairs . no problem ... would recommend -lrb- and I have -rrb- for someone else to purchase . B.G. 12-26-04 now after 11 month , I get the dreaded protection error good bye display . look like a hassle with Toshiba come up , please do not purchase . if they do not give I a problem -lrb- surprise -rrb- ... I 'll be back to update ... finally get it repair . they replace bad capacitor c27 ... work fine for about 60 day now May 5 , 2005 , same old protection error -- good bye -- I wish I could give negative 5 Stars !!
464	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	extremely please with the performance of the Polk CS175i center channel speaker . very crisp , clean , full sound and a great bargain .
711	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I recently purchase a LG LHB335 Blu-Ray all in one surround sound home theater system from Butterfly Video . they have a excellent price and it arrive promptly . it have great sound for the price . it be very easy to set up and have a fabulous array of feature . I have no problem with the teapot whistle speaker issue .
780	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	order on 07\/06\/2011 , deliver on 07\/11\/2011 via up . cost I $ 337.08 to my door . I originally purchase the VIZIO VSB210WS Universal HD Sound Bar with Wireless Subwoofer from wally mart store for $ 295 -lrb- good system too -rrb- but for $ 42.00 more I decide to upgrade to this system and bring the other back to wally mart . glad I do . connect the bar to my new VIZIO xvt3d474sv 47-inch full hd 3d full array truled with Smart Dimming lcd hdtv 480 hz sp with VIZIO Internet Apps TV very easily via the 6 ' Toslink Digital Optical Audio Cable -lrb- not include -rrb- . you can buy they on here for a few buck . after everything be connect I be not get sound to my two rear speaker , so I go into the tv menu and play around with the audio setting and BINGO rear sound . to complete my set-up I order a pair of Atlantic Satellite 77305018 2 Speaker stand to mount the rear speaker on . the 20 ' of speaker wire on each speaker let I place the stand right where I want they for the best surround sound in my room . the remote control be kewl as it slide out so I can fine tune my audio setting . all Led light be work and I hope it stay that way . Time to jump off here and watch a movie via Amazon Instant Video . Vizio have some good look packaging , good pricing and the chick on the box be a hottie . Update : Led Lights still work so far , the light , more like arrow look kewl . I be very happy with my purchase and even if the light stop work , no big deal , as all I really need to do now be use the volume button . they be always better and worse product to buy , nothing be ever perfect , too many people complain about the littlest stuff . this sound system sound good and be way better than listen to the two speaker build into the tv . for the price , this thing rock , do not like it , take it back and spend a lot more money on something else , and you will probably complain about that system too . Life to short , hook the Sh & \* & ^ % up and enjoy it .
290	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the 5 dvd changer be great . the sound quality be above what you would expect from a system of this cost level . a little light on the high end I feel but really depend a lot on you sound source as well . some say they think the bass be weak but I find if I put the sub-woofer box on it be back point up to the ceiling I get great bass . more than I want . Speaker placement be everything . try several different placement and hear the difference . all in all I be very happy except I wish the high be a little more tinkly .
145	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	JVC have put out some quality product . this be not one of they . whoever be in charge of this design , just be not think .  for instance , the button that open and shut the tray be located under the tray ! you have to twist you arm to shut the tray . many essential feature be not include and if they be they be difficult to access . the volume equalizer be virtually inaccessible . the lowest volume setting be loud . there be no input on this receiver at all !  everything about this system design be , literally , painful !  i return the system because of buzz speaker and the system do not shut off the subwoofer , when in stand by . so not only be it junk , but the one I get be defective !  i buy another JVC system , the h9000 I think , not out of loyalty but because I be look for a inexpensive system . it be not `` region free '' but , it be comparabely price and , obvious that whoever design it take a moment to think , before put it together .
708	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	FM tuner be horrible . but by far the biggest problem be that there be essentially ZERO bass when use the input for other device -lrb- ipod , airport express itune streaming , etc. -rrb- and the bass be NOT ADJUSTABLE when use any of these mode . so all other source besides the built-in dvd sound tinny and ridiculous . incredibly poor design .
994	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	I be far from a ` audiophile ' , but I do recognize and appreciate quality sound when I hear it . this system be UNBELIEVEABLE , and I manage to find it on sale @ a mere $ 129 ! I be remodel a large vessel , so ` down-sizing '' be a important word . in the last 4 month , I have be through six system , from Sony , Panasonic , RCA , Philips , and 2 Samsung unit , with price range from -lrb- yes -rrb- $ 129 to over $ 600 . `` Woulda , coulda , shoulda '' - - if I have any idea of the amazing quality of sound , the ease of use , the flawless operation of this 5-disc system , I ` woulda , coulda , shoulum ' scoop up as many as I could have grab . no two hour reading lesson on `` how to use you remote '' or other needless technical stuff . I have have it for 3 week and NOT one flaw ! the other unit I have try have `` eat '' CD 's & dvd 's , refuse to play other , frequently ` skip ' over dvd image , or simply be far too complex to use . the best of the other be also make by Samsung , but with the ` tower ' speaker\/sub-woofer combo it be just too large for use on the boat . but my sister love it ! I enjoy the ` glow in the dark ' feature of the remote -lrb- but it so simple , I now know the ` touch ' by heart -rrb- . I do wish it would continue to play a disc when I want to open the tray to add or change one , but I do not think the ` carousel ' multi-disc system have that capability . a small inconvenience . if - - and I have a sense that be a BIG `` if '' - - I encounter problem with the system , I 'll add another review as I know these be helpful . I be concern about a system at only $ 129 , but I would happily have pay twice that amount for what I get ! ecb - - Ventura , CA `` the spirit of Troy ''
539	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this be the first surround sound system that I have buy . I be horrify when i get it set up and realize that the surround sound only work for the dvd player . it sound great for dvd 's but everything else come out of two front speaker . ... APEX have make a big mistake with this product and they sure have I fool and I quickly return it ... do not make the same mistake that I do .
136	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i buy the home theater system about a month ago to go with my sony 42 '' hdtv . i like most thing about the system with the exception of a few . it take a while for tv sound to come through the speaker . you turn the unit and the tv on and maybe like 5 seconds later sound come out of the speaker . another issue that i notice be that there be also a delay from when you press the disc tray to open and when it actually do . this elay be maybe only a few seconds but still annoying . it take I a while to figure out how to get the tv to play sound at of all the speaker . i be tell by several people this be not even possible . -lrb- not true -rrb- you need to have the mode in pro logic and then it will work . make sure to wait a second because you may switch the mode and not hear anything but the delay cause it to take a while to kick in . i find the sound to be much cleaner when the tv speaker be turn off and just the surround sound put out the sound . some great thing about the sytem be just the sheer intensity of sound . watch dvd 's be great especially if you neighbor be cool . this unit also have the ability to play mp3 and regular cd 's . it be also hdmi compatable which i guess be the newest technology . the problem with hdmus be that the cord be one way only . that be to say that if you hook the hdmus cord up from the back of the tv to the back of the dvd player you will only get the media put into the player to be transfer to the tv . so if you want to watch a dvd you will have all of the benefit of the hdmus technology -lrb- singular cable , uncompressed signal , etc. -rrb- the dvd player will transfer a superior image to you tv . the problem be when you just want to watch tv . there be no way that you can transfer from the tv through the cable through the dvd player and out to you speaker so you stick use rca output instead . hdmus be still worth it for what it do to you dvd 's but do not pay over $ 25 buck for you cord . i pay $ 130 for one that i quickly return when i learn that it be only useful when watch dvd 's . for $ 20 buck i think it be still worth it and they sell they for that much or less . i love the speker because they swivel and can be mount on a wall or stand on a base . 1000 watt push out a lot of sound but not overpower when you do not want it to be . also with a sony tv i have to use 2 remote which i hate even though in the instruction for both there be supposedly a way to do everything off either remote . -lrb- i could not do it and would love for someone to tell I how -rrb- also have the ability to test each speaker and other cool feature like a sound delay to exactly match the picture when there be a need to . i have a samsung tv but i do not like it or i would have keep the brand the same . samsung be suprior to sony when it come to audio . most other brand beat out sony in the audio arena . someone help I fix my multiple remote issue .
976	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	excellent product , easy set-up , solid remote , quality finish , beautiful sound ... the audio easily fill we 450sq foot tv room . we use the product with we Sony 55 inch lcd . I have yet to figure out how to sync the Sony remote with the system . however I can not complain Yamaha produce superior product !
310	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	im only 12 year old and I say WOW ! this system have amazing power ,420 watt ! if you buy online , order from walmart or amazon cause they have the best policy . but before you buy , make sure to go to walmart and use the demo . once you use the demo , you 'll find out how amazing this be ! P.S. this system be great for a small to gigantic room !
18	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	I purchase this Samsung hw-c560 set a few day ago , which include the reciever , speaker , remote , ipod dock and cable . I hook it up to my Samsung Blu-Ray player with a Samsung 46 '' lcd . the good : - Center channel sound be not bad , very clear speech on movie . - include cable speaker be quite long , able to reach the back corner of the room . the Bad : - front l and r speaker and subwoofer bass can sound very `` boxy '' at time - play call of duty 4 on XBOX 360 be a huge disappointment . I expect the crisp and satisfying fidelity of bullet ping and ding , but the overall sound be mid\/bass heavy with muddy treble . what a waste of a awesome gaming experience . - the Audio Sound calibration -lrb- asc -rrb- device only make thing worse , and through calibrate my room make my rear speaker disturbingly loud , and the front speaker horridly quiet . - the ipod dock be counterintuitive , and completely unusable . have a party ? someone grab a ipod and say `` check out this song '' ? once the ipod be place into the dock , the iPod menu control be disabled , and you must navigate you library with you Samsung remote . in addition , once you have the remote in hand you navigate you song alphabetically , skip forward and backward to find you song . the display read 3 of 30,000 , 4 of 30,000 , etc. . seriously ? this make the ipod dock pointless , unusable , and be a inexcusable interface design flaw . - the Setup interface consist of one line of display text on the receiver unit . then to navigate the menu , you must refer to the print guide booklet to find you item in the menu of selection choice . alternatively , you can memorize the menu of selection choice , and blindly navigate the setup choice by hit up , DOWN , ENTER , RIGHT , RIGHT , ENTER ... and here we find yet another inexcusable design flaw . the Verdict : - if you have no interest in ever play you ipod through this system , and you do not mind bust out the guide booklet every time you want to fine-tune you speaker ... then sure , throw away $ 350ish on this mediocre hunk of plastic .
320	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	Sony 's lack quality . this system never switch off , keep flash `` Standby '' . I have see this happen every shop I visit . still these shop sell these equipment !! and more over , this be my third bad experience from Sony . 1 . Wega TV - Broke in two day 2 . Home Theater - Broke in week 3 . Sony dsc-p3 digital camera - came defective -lrb- lens will not pop out -rrb- . all these break within a matter of first day or in a week . I have decide not to purchase any more Sony equipments\/gadets unless really improve they quality . I sell this item and purchase Onkyo -lrb- sr502b -rrb- \/ bose -lrb- am6 -rrb- combination . wow . . what a quality and sound !!
