index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
582	Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring only complaint be that it have get catch on my clothes and bent . I be pretty hard on ring though and it have not break yet . so , that to I show it be make durable .
254	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be really awesome and the dragon pattern be clearly visible . it look really nice , but it be just a little heavy . I really like the ring and I plan on wear it a lot .
248	Jewelry	NEG	1	it be pretty , but it be not like in the picture . the two ring do not fit together , so there be a big gap . not for I .
913	Jewelry	POS	5	this be my fave ring of all time . it come with a string around it so it will not fall a part when you take it out of the box . although , mine have to be `` take '' apart . it do not just fall apart like some of the looser knot do . I love this ring & the company have a video you can watch & learn to how to put it , & other puzzle ring , back together . the indviual band be thin & can bend so you have to be nice it , but it be well worth the money .
485	Jewelry	NEG	2	i recieve the ring today just now actually and i notice it be a for prong ring not six and the stone be loose i hope i can get it fix i really want to where this ring . the reason the stone be loose be because the prong be bent if i can straighten it out i might be able to where it . dissapointed
2	Jewelry	NEG	1	I have a ring similar to this several year ago that be steal from I , be very impress by what be describe online & the image show of the item & so I buy it . buyer beware ! it be NOTHING LIKE the IMAGE SHOWN ! I be beyond disappointed & honestly would like my money back . the ring I get be blacken , very poorly craft , bent , dented , crack , scratch , crooked & look like it have be burn to a crisp before it be send to I -lrb- which be to say besides be mostly black all over , there be a coating of rough black substance quite like hardened soot on it -rrb- . I have have some bad purchase before but this be by far the worst . sometimes variation in the expectation of a online order be tolerable like size or color ... maybe even design and style but this look like they beat the crap out of it deliberatly before they send it to I . I will never buy from this seller again & strongly advise against other do so . seriously save you money and buy elsewhere
574	Jewelry	POS	5	its a great ring . it fit nicely and everything i have no problem with it at all . i lose it though which be my own fault , but im mention this to bring up the point that its not worth buy again . some thing be if you can afford it and this isnt it -lrb- unless you really like gorilla -rrb-
226	Jewelry	POS	4	this ring have great craftsmanship , its beautiful , and fit perfectly . I love it and never take it off .
109	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great buy ! unlike other cz ring it be small and very beautiful . it be not gawdy like some can be . glad I buy this one as well !! I would definitely recommend this one as well . this really be a great company to deal with as well . thanks again !!
989	Jewelry	POS	4	when I see this ring , I think GOTTA HAVE IT . it look GOOD-BUT BETTER , IT be COMFORTABLE ON . as alway I receive great service . I be a REAL LOVER of RINGS-BUT NOT just ANY ring -- unique one and this one be that . the finish on the ring look great with the stone . regards , DONNA
804	Jewelry	NEG	1	this ring be beautiful when I first purchase it . I have now wear the ring 3 time and the metal be as dull as a hub cap . it seem as though there be no rhodium plate on it at all ! unfortunately I do not wear the ring right when I buy it and wait 6 month until I lose some weight . I be very disappointed and I will not be order from Gem Ave again . think twice before order . if I could I would return this ring .
746	Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my girlfriend and can not wait to give this to she . I receive it alot faster than excepted and be amaze at the clarity of the stone . very impress with the quality for the money .
489	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be beautiful ! I order this for my daughter as a gift . she absolutely love it !! she wear it every where she go and receive complement from many people . the stone do not go completely around the ring as it may appear . there be approximately 13 stone , and they be all georgous . I highly recommend this ring !! Eve 's addiction be also prompt on delivery . great company !
283	Jewelry	NEG	1	I have never even receive the ring ! I be send the wrong ring -lrb- which be $ 13 cheaper -rrb- , have to pay to mail the ring back , and have never receive a refund , a response from the seller or the correct ring .
244	Jewelry	POS	5	I do so enjoy wear this celtic knot ring with the blue topaz stone in it . I have have other ask I where I get it . and I sometimes say I get it from my husband when in fact I purchase it for myself . I enjoy wear celtic style ring or earring .
758	Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring look great when i first look at it , but upon closer inspection , there be clearly a mistake make when soldering the ring together . there be a large silver blob on the ring . also , the ring do not spin properly . it would spin in one direction when use a great amount of force and would not spin in the other direction at all . on a positive side , the return process be quite simple and my refund be credit to my card quickly .
622	Jewelry	NEG	1	I be so excited about my ring purchase , until I receive it . it look even cheaper then I be afraid of , the stone be flat , and didnt even appear to be cz it look like it come from a bubblegum machine . soooo disappointed .
319	Jewelry	POS	5	I really love the band . I buy one for I and a man 's ring for my husband of 20 year ! however , this be now the 3rd time I be write a review for the same product . not sure why I be ask to review again .
736	Jewelry	POS	4	very nice ring for my 11 year old . great construction . I personally do not believe that stainless steel should have cost more than $ -lrb- ... -rrb- , but I could not find ring in my son 's size anywhere else .
552	Jewelry	NEG	2	the peridot in the center be yellow color rather than green . . it really look more like five dollar costume jewelery than something worth spend $ 34 on . total rip off , do not buy it .
382	Jewelry	POS	5	well I just want to say this be a beautiful ring and it be make my wife 's day . I love it its the best .
859	Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring have a `` diamond '' that be over size for how light the actual ring be . snag on thing and the prong be not sturdy at all . I also buy this other ring and it be way better : -lrb- ... -rrb- Round Cut Cubic Zirconia cz 925 Sterling Silver Solitaire Ring 0.84 ct - Nickel Free engagement wedding ring
686	Jewelry	POS	4	I be not sure how the ring would look . the picture be ok , but could have give more detail . I find the ring pretty and I have recieve great review for the ring . other think it be a real turquoise ring . I do not correct they . I plan on purchase more ring as long as my size be available .
642	Jewelry	POS	5	it look just like the one in the movie ! absolutely beautiful ! I wear mine almost every day . I get so many compliment ! it be not too big or too small . I havent have a bit of problem with it and I be so glad I purchase this ring .
442	Jewelry	NEG	1	unfortunately , the ring I receive be a very distorted version of the one show in the picture . the skull look like Darth Vader . I be so disappointed .
630	Jewelry	POS	5	my dad get this ring for I , so he be let I write this review on he account . I love this ring ! the two picture of it on here do not do it justice . when I get it , it be nicely package in a little baggie inside a white cardboard box with foam , and it fit perfectly . everything be proportional -- no disturbingly large heart or deform hand , and the silver do not tarnish easily . however , it be fairly malleable and easy to scratch if you be not careful . I get a little scratch mark on the surface of the heart , and it be not really noticeable to anyone -lrb- except myself -rrb- but it still kind of bother I . even if I end up break it I 'll probably buy another of the same . : -rrb-
15	Jewelry	POS	4	my girlfriend and I get a matching pair of these when we start date a year and a half ago . they have hold up beautifully despite they daily beating over the last 500 + day . definitely solid . and I \/ we love the wave design - it be clean , pretty , and I really like the subtle clever use of negative space for the oppose wave . like the ying and the yang . my only complaint be the welding on the outer spinning band . you can not see it in the picture , but where the outer-band be weld together , there be about 3mm of welding material , cover a entire wave , and it look a mess . fortunately , it be smooth and do not really bother I that much . I be spin it around most of the time anyway . and it be not like this be a Tiffany 's ring -- for the price , it be really hard to complain .
768	Jewelry	NEG	1	nice ring of course or I would not have buy it ... but it be way overprice . wow ... way over price for the quality
653	Jewelry	NEG	1	I know this ring be cheap , but garnet be common stone and that decrease they value . I buy this ring around Christmas and it recently snap in two . I do not know sterling silver could break like that . I do not reccommend this product as it be not worth anyone 's money .
666	Jewelry	NEG	1	the ring be much smaller than what it appear like in the photo . the photo give the impression that the pearl be large and slightly raise . the `` pearl '' in the ring I get be actualy set flat in to the ring and it look like cheap mother of pearl , nothing like in the photo . also the band of the ring be very thin . overall I be very disapointed and I rarely wear the ring .
263	Jewelry	NEG	1	the ring be pretty , but the stone fall out within two week . I only wear it a few time . I definitely do not recommend it .
743	Jewelry	NEG	1	the stone fall out one day after own this ring , it be very beautiful and i would have it set again , this time much better than be ship , but i can not find the stone . oh i guess i will not be shop here anymore
374	Jewelry	NEG	2	I usually love ring from this company but be warn that this ring do not look anything like the picture . the ring I receive have a super long rectangular stone , not a nice square as see in the picture . Mine be also tarnish or look like it have torch mark up the side . I will definitely be return this ring .
45	Jewelry	POS	4	this ring be quite lovely , though it definitely have the `` costume '' jewelry look . it look -lrb- as far as the cameo -rrb- a bit better in the picture than in real life . in reality , the cameo portion look plastic and a little cheap compare to the rest of the ring . I enjoy wear it though as I be not overly concern with it look plastic . Have have a couple people comment on its look , as I have not see any like this at the department store or other specialty store locally .
330	Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring and it take a little under a week to get here . it look very similiar to the picture . the cz be a nice size . the band be a little thinner than show . I be very happy with this purchase = -rrb- \*\*\* Update 10\/14\/11 \*\*\* ive be wear this ring since 2007 and I still get compliment on it -lrb- and some people even think its real -rrb- ! it still sparkle like new five year later !
664	Jewelry	NEG	1	this be a beautiful ring . I wear it for 5 day & get lot of compliment . however , on the 5th day i look down & the cubic zirconium stone be miss . I wonder , after I get it , if I should have have it tighten . I do not and now I have a silver band miss the stone .
304	Jewelry	NEG	2	nice ring for the a inexpensive ring , but one stone be miss . it be not worth return it as you would pay more for postage than what the ring cost .
19	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring arrive on time and be the one show in the picture . inexpensive , nice-looking , and my girlfriend like it !
693	Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my husband for every day use . the quality be good and the shipping also be fast . I be satisfy with my purchase .
946	Jewelry	POS	4	I purchase this ring for my mother as part of she Christmas present . we be part irish and she have always love that culture . she dream vacation would be to go but since we could not afford to take she there , I could at least bring some of it to she . the ring be beautiful . no tarnish or blatant sign of cheapness , clear design , good color to the silver . it run very true to size and be way more delicate in real life than what it look like in the picture but I love that about it . the only draw back be that the inside be very clearly stamped THAILAND on the band which I be sure say something about it be quality or it be origin , and I be a little disappointed over that . all in all I be satisfy with it : -rrb-
146	Jewelry	NEG	1	the ring be nothing like I think it would be . it be cheap look . maybe other who order this ring and write great review get a better product . the one I receive be so cheap . I will be return this ring .
979	Jewelry	POS	4	I like this ring a lot , it be very masculine and well-detailed . I give it a 4 star because it bend easy on the lower half of the band - I have have to bend it back to a circle several time after just do simple thing around the house . it also scratch a bit easy . nice ring to wear around , but not a very good ring to wear if you be go to be work around the house or deal with lift heavy object .
297	Jewelry	NEG	1	it be a very pretty ring . its stone stand out really far and it catch on everything I touch . the ring last two day and I notice that the stone be go . a total waste of money .
674	Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my daughter , who be very petite . I think I order a size 5 but receive a size 10 . OMG be my first reaction but then a dear dear friend come to mind and it be perfect . she be a bigger girl , 5ft . 10 in . and the ring look beautiful and she be thrill .
207	Jewelry	NEG	2	very pretty ring but stone fall . out three day after get it other than that the ring be very lovely wish I could get another one but scare it will happen again
81	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be beautiful and well make . it fit perfectly and I receive it quickly . I be very happy with my ring .
499	Jewelry	POS	5	I be so pleased with this ring ! it be even prettier than the picture show . it come fast , and be package beautifully .
387	Jewelry	NEG	1	the ring look foggy and not clear . I wear it for two day 's and take it off . I 'll probably replace the stone with a better one because the setting be sterling silver .
772	Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring be lovely when I first receive it , even if the `` garnet '' be orange . this ring be give to I as a promise ring and I wear it every day but I be not rough with it . even though I be gentle , this ring be misshapen and need to be replace within two month . I would not recommend waste money if this ring will mean something to you , but for a little while it make a nice stand-in .
252	Jewelry	NEG	1	it have be over a month now - and I have not receive this item ! also - another similar item I purchase from the same vendor fall apart just hour after I put it on . no tracking information on the item - either .
872	Jewelry	NEG	1	one star be one too many for this piece of jewelry , but I have no choice , as I have to enter a rating . personally , I believe it deserve 0 star . when I receive the ring in the mail I be pleasantly surprised , as the setting be beautiful and the stone very clear . but after wear it only a few short hour , the stone come loose , unbeknownst to I , and as I later discover , fall out . it be not a expensive piece by any means , so I be not too put out over it , but if you be consider purchase this item , I would suggest pass this one up .
747	Jewelry	NEG	2	the shiping be great it do not take long , but the ring quality leave much to be desire . the hinge be weak both the first one on the right side and the last one break ... you could see that there be not much material hold it together in the first place ... but the rest of the hinge hold .
844	Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring . it be a little small but I still love it . lightweight for the size . it get here pretty fast .
782	Jewelry	NEG	1	this ring be over price first be not like in the picture one stone be miss and i just open the box really cheap make this be go back for sure
162	Jewelry	POS	5	my daughter eye lite up so very bright when she put this ring on . she have not take it off since put it on she finger . it be beautiful . very nice and shiney . high quality . this item be send in a very pretty box and she keep the box beside she bed . it be just perfect . I highly recommend Gem Avenue . great item , super fast shipping , and no nonsense like with a lot of online purchase . the item be exactly as describe . this seller be honest , informative , and very nice . I will purchase other item from Gem Avenue as this item be exactly as describe . thanks for make my daughter eye shine . Joy
858	Jewelry	NEG	2	I decide that I want something that would go well with my personality , so I decide I would buy one of these and try it out . when I receive it , I be amaze . the craftsmanship and overall design be beautiful , and I think that this would be it . the one thing to bring my chaotic nature to the forefront . with about two month , either the hinge or the hinge hole have break completely leave only the base and finger piece intake to a usable point . then to make matter worse , the base have a slowly evolve crack in it , make adjustment to size impossible with out completely break it to piece . and the fingertip be also begin to develop a crack in it . overall , while be initially impress by the craftsmanship and design , this be a overall fail . I be sorely disappoint in this product and will not be buy and of Dan 's Jewelers other product . this be a disappointment and , to be honest , a embarrassment .
708	Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this as a promise ring . she love it . and the Box . it be awesome . Wooooo !
269	Jewelry	NEG	2	I love this ring when I receive it , however , after wear it one time for a short period of time , the stone split and the top portion fall off . the ring now appear to be miss stone and have lose its sparkle . needless to say I be very disappoint with the quality of my purchase . look nice , but you can not wear it !!!
462	Jewelry	POS	5	what you see be what you get , nice ring , live up to my expectation . fast shipping
610	Jewelry	NEG	1	I call Taos Trading in Jan. for the sizing of the ring , and they tell I they will call I in Feb. when they get more size 7 's in . it be now march , and i have not get any phone call . I be disappointed , i be look forward to buy the ring .
730	Jewelry	NEG	1	I have never write a review for any item that I have purchase at AMAZON , but this be so ugly and cheap look . it doesnt even look like a heart , but rather like a pear shape . it look very cheap like a 25cents toy . I want a refund .
431	Jewelry	NEG	1	I have order from Gem Ave before -lrb- 2x -rrb- the band be not 3mm and look cheap you get what you pay for . the package be rip and the box be what look like pull apart the plastic bag the boxed ring come in look like it have punch though . on top if I be want to return it I have to pay shipping which be cost of half the puchase not worth it I 'll give it to my niece very disappionted Gem Ave
755	Jewelry	NEG	1	I be sorry to find it look cheap . the gold be not a nice color , the gem stone much smaller than I expect . I send it back .
873	Jewelry	NEG	2	in the picture the stone protrude . it be just flat . not real excite about that . and it be tiny . I be expect a little bigger .
826	Jewelry	POS	5	I order this ring for my daughter 's birthday and I be pleasantly surprise when it arrive . the detail be excellent and it be a very pretty , very classy look ring . the tiny antenna add just the right touch , and the stone be a nice shade of red . I like the ring so much that I be go to order one for myself . I think that if you like the picture , you will absolutely love this ring when you see it ! -rrb- ^ . . ^ -lrb-
57	Jewelry	NEG	1	Disappointed ... picture show a bright stone . Mine be dull and the prong setting be not what be show in picture .
969	Jewelry	POS	5	it be a good product overall . fast shipping . good service . i would recommend this product to any guy who be look for gift to give they girlfriend\/wife .
924	Jewelry	NEG	1	hate this thing as soon as I open it . not nearly as `` shiny '' as it be in the pic and the stone do not sparkle at all . the ring look dull , plating have chip off in some place and the stone look terrible -lrb- always have though -rrb- . I end up go to Khols and get a ring for $ 10 that be much more attractive and people actually ask if its real . it amaze I that there be so many people who love this item ; maybe I just get a dud or they have never get a ring out of one of those quarter machine and think this thing be great . .
821	Jewelry	POS	5	well , I honestly think the ring be beautiful . while I be look for a ring to buy here on Amazon.com , I see the ring I buy and I think it look beautiful and lovely so I buy the ring. : -rrb-
218	Jewelry	NEG	1	this look like a nice ring in the picture on the site , but in reality it be really rough . I return it for my money back because I be really disappoint in the quality of the ring . for sixty dollar i be expect something really nicely fabricate , but the outside piece do not spin properly -lrb- at a certain point i have to force it to spin -rrb- , the saldering at the seam be awful and obvious , and there be notch and imperfection all over it . just really disappointingly poor quality . do not trust the picture .
703	Jewelry	NEG	2	I like this item for about a month . then it start to tarnish on the silver . I use silver cleaner and a few other product , but I could not get it clean . I end up toss it . glad I do not pay that much for it .
568	Jewelry	NEG	1	real jade do not break by simply try to squeeze it on a finger ... I seriously doubt this item be genuine jade as the seller claim it to be .
933	Jewelry	POS	5	silver insanity have the best accessory !!! I see the image of the ring on Amazon and immediately fall in love . I love ring that cover you proximal phalanx -lrb- the bone in you finger closest to you hand -rrb- . when I receive the ring , -lrb- earlier than count upon -rrb- , I be a little disappointed to see how little it look and how dainty but that be before I try it on . I be expect the ring to be bulky and glad it be not . the finger surround it be not bother or irritated thx to the ring slimness . I recommend use the ring size chart b\/c I have think I would be a 6 ; turn out , I be a 7 . what be misleading , though , be the picture . the leaf be show bright , but it look noticably darker -lrb- inside the outer rimming of the leaf , to where the gem be -rrb- when you have it in you hand . my finger be long and slender . the ring do not twist or turn about , but it do not cover my proximal phalanx completely . I 'll measure ... from the end of the bottom leave to the end of the top , it be about 3.3 cm . my middle proximal phalanx -lrb- the bone in you middle finger closest to you hand -rrb- be about 3.8 cm . and if you should run you finger through you hair , the leaf will not get entangled ! nice ! you can wear the damn ring everywhere !!! I love it !
516	Jewelry	NEG	2	silver on bottom of ring paper thin and come with mark on it . very poor quality the top of ring be nice .
827	Jewelry	NEG	1	buy this for a birthday gift with another ring . when it be open , the first thing that jump out be very noticible flaw in not one , but two of the heart . since order be place over 30 day ago , too bad for I ! not worth it !
896	Jewelry	POS	4	I do not expect miracle , but this ring be quite nice for the price . of course , the post office be not very nice to it , so it arrive bent . it be pewter , so the ring be very malleable . I really like the way it look , and wish it fit a little better .
484	Jewelry	POS	5	I love my new ring ! it come earlier then the estimate delivery date . it be a moderately small size , definitly delicate enough for a woman . it look just like it do in the picture . I be concern about size , and that the nine would be too small , but it fit perfectly ! when I use the size chart , I measure a comfterably loose ring , and be a size ten . however , this ring I buy in a nine and it fit perfectly , with a comfterable amount of space . I would definitly reccomend this ring !
9	Jewelry	NEG	2	I be tell that the wide of this ring be 3\/8 '' and be 1\/4 '' I realize about that until I receive it . I do not get what I want . the ring its ok .
381	Jewelry	POS	5	I have always like simple onyx ring . this be the first one I would see in a long time that be something I would want to wear . love it .
110	Jewelry	POS	5	I recently buy this ring to wear to work . I work in a factory and be afraid of lose a diamond or damaging my original set . I want something a little flashier than just a plain band . but would not really worry too much about . this ring be perfect . it look great on and when it get a little dirty I just put it in sterling silver cleaner , and it come out look like new . when my mom see it she say she like it better than she own .
370	Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring for my 17 year old daughter and she just love it ! the best part be the price , which be under $ 20. , you can not find that in store . she now want to get the matching earring !
652	Jewelry	POS	5	these come in the most beautiful packaging , I can not wait to give they to my kid . I just get marry and I have 2 kid , these be go to be they `` wedding band '' !! I can not think of a more precious gift !
698	Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be very pretty when you get it . however , be curious , I of course take it apart . therefore , it stand to reason , with no direction I be not able to put it back together for the rest of the night . however , when I try the next day by hold the outside frame of the ring , I do accomplish it without direction . it be very tricky though . the one negative be that when you take it apart , the inside be not very pretty . the outside be silver , but the inside be unfinished and dull . I just think it make that look a little cheap , although you can only tell when you take it apart . Mine also do not simply fall apart , but it be loose -- but that make sense because the ring be mean to come apart !
578	Jewelry	POS	5	'  irish friendship \/ Love Claddagh Ring in Sterling Silver size 6 , # 2601-6  delivery be prompt .
575	Jewelry	POS	5	I have have this ring for a few week now and it be still very shiny . I would highly recommend this ring . very pretty and can easily pass as a real diamond , why waste money on a real one . size of stone be perfect not too big , not too small .
152	Jewelry	POS	5	I buy a celtic puzzle ring from silver insanity through Amazon , and I be very impressed with what I receive . not only be my ring ship to I in a timely manner , but I be also impress with how quickly they answer the question I have ! I be sure I will be visit silver insanity again soon . : -rrb-
111	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful and be well make . I be impressed that it be so nice with such a low price . I would get another one in a heartbeat !
90	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be beautiful , so much so that when my teenage daughter crack and break hers after a lot of abuse , she request this same version of the Claddagh . something even more important to I be this be one of almost a dozen item I have purchase from this company from jewelry to a fabulous mortar and pestle set . shipping be quick , item be exactly as state . Taos be trust worthy and I be very , very happy with every item I have purchase from they .
133	Jewelry	POS	5	Easy to complete - follow you tube video available for puzzle ring and you 'll solve in no time .
713	Jewelry	POS	5	a really nice ring , it be really good and with a good price
617	Jewelry	NEG	2	I have no trouble open this pillbox , but once I do I have two surprise . first , it be not polish on the inside . and worse , it have a price sticker on it mark $ 7.90 . deeper and better make be the Frank Lloyd Wirght pillbox for the same price I find on Amazon . although not sterling silver it be much nicer and appropriately price .
909	Jewelry	POS	4	Came fast be right size be very nice look and the kid be very happy to give to there mom
558	Jewelry	POS	5	love love love it ! exactly what I be look for and fit like a charm . no green finger with this gem !
960	Jewelry	NEG	2	the item never come but I be happy with the service they refund I my money . a little disappointed that it do not come because I be look forward to wear it so much .
562	Jewelry	NEG	2	really love the ring , but the stone be not secure in place and fall out after a few day . I have still not get around to have it repair . disappoint because I love the design , but be warn that you stone may fall out too . I be just lucky to save the stone .
38	Jewelry	NEG	1	this ring look very cool although the silver look much darker than the picture , more like pewter -lrb- look like -rrb- . the ring I receive be a size 12 . I be a 10 1\/2 on my ring finger and it be way too big , but too small for my middle finger . the ring on that lay past the knuckle and towards the fingernail be the same size as the ring that sit on the base . what this do wind up do be leave part of the ring that be suppose to bend still in the air because I be able to bend my whole finger and not even move the hinge of the ring . also the hinge be very painful due to the odd spike they use to fasten it together . after four minute of wear I have large indent in my knuckle . remind you that with the ring be about two size too BIG . imagine if this actually fit my finger . the delivery be fast and the sale rep I get be very nice and be allow I to exchange for a different ring that hopefully will fit and not be as painful . I do not know about Dans ' other jewelery but this one stink . just do not buy it .
763	Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring be hollow out , and therefore not as comfortable as a ring that be not . I only wear it a few time and give it to charity .
519	Jewelry	POS	5	I order three of these ring base on other people 's review . they be very pretty , a nice weight , and everyone love they ! I would recommend this ring .
648	Jewelry	POS	5	buy it for my gf , it be look great and fit well . it be very good quality silver !
406	Jewelry	NEG	2	design be lovely . bold with lot of sparkle . the down side be , it be start to lose it be finish . I have try clean it to no avail . if it get much worse , it will be time for the garbage can .
491	Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this ring when , during my pregnancy , my wedding band become too tight . the ring be gorgeous ; I have get several compliment , and always enjoy the surprise when I tell people this be not my ` real ' ring . it have stay sparkly , too , despite the wringer I put it through : no nick or scratch , and it clean quite easily after I get some lotion between the stone .
506	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a inexpensive ring for a great price . it be a good buy for a h niece who love she celtic heritage and the color blue !
463	Jewelry	NEG	1	my husband , neighbor and myself spend the entire night try to solve the puzzle and could not and tarnish what be a beautiful ring when it arrive . we can not solve the puzzle so it be a waste of money .
4	Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this as a gift for we daughter and she love it . and so do all of she friend . the quality be very good and its very pretty .
862	Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring , it be really nice and look real . I just get it to wear everyday instead of my good one .
365	Jewelry	POS	4	I just receive this ring -lrb- size 8 -rrb- for my wife , who want a sterling band as a birthing gift . I pay ten smacker for expedited shipping , and the company wait one more day before it say the item ship Thursday , from Los Angeles -lrb- to Baltimore -rrb- . I be worry that the ring might not come today -lrb- Monday Christmas Eve -rrb- , and be even grumble about it as I look in my cubby at work , but the size of the shipping box fool I as it sit there , deliver this morning ! it seem like a perfect time as snow be fall , and I write this to share that it be a nice-feeling piece , weight-wise . the dome 's height seem nice , which be the real selling point for I . I want a ring that look and feel like it be just right and do not feel cheap or too light . see the amount of review here , I give it a shot and I be really happy with it ! the ring have that silver stamp quality mark -lrb- 925 -rrb- inside the ring -lrb- I add a image , and you can see the stamp on the production photo -rrb- , which be one sell for I . I have read a couple review of other ring that cost half as much , ask about the lack of a stamp . this show I that this be verify as 92.5 % silver and could be a international production piece , plus add alloy to make the ring harder . as for the finish , it seem like there be a couple cosmetic scratch on it , but I just do not want to return it since we baby girl be due any day now -lrb- due date Jan. 6 , but she be full term -rrb- . I be concerned about return ; that window in my life of wait for the replacement be usually when you want it , and I want to give my wife the ring once she be deliver ! I mean , the phone always ring when I be in the bathroom ... you know how it go ! I shoot some picture so that you 'll see the actual ring , instead of a production shot . it come with a cute little bow-finished jewelry box that be nice too . as the snowflake become larger , I hope this review help , as it be difficult sometimes get the feel of some item that people leave feedback for . I be glad I trust my instinct with this ring because I do not want the dome to be too shallow . this will look nice on she finger , and I be spot-on with the width be 4mm . five mill and I think it might be too wide , but I do not want 3 or less because it seem just a little small . now , let I run out and let some Christmas Eve snowflake light on my tongue !
26	Jewelry	NEG	1	I like the ring at first , but it be tarnish within 2 day .
944	Jewelry	POS	5	Perfect ring to wear occasionally with you wedding band . simple and elegant . solid ring .
655	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be great for the price . most of my ring be silver , so i buy because it be inexpnesive . I love it . I have get so many compliment . I definity recomm buy it .
650	Jewelry	NEG	1	I think I could wear this ring to save some wear and tear on my diamond but no way would I have order it if I would have know it be so cheap . the stone look plastic and the silver look fake especially around the setting -- look like it come from a bubble gum machine . worst of all the setting be not as depict in the picture it be a four prong not six . do not waste you time , this thing be go back no matter the cost to I just to make the point .
418	Jewelry	NEG	1	buy for every day wear . the stone in the first one fall out , so I return it and order another . same thing happen less than a week later .
647	Jewelry	NEG	1	cheap material . not durable at all . vend machine quality not worth the price .
875	Jewelry	POS	5	the ring be very nice . good quality for a fair price . I like the detail on the side of the ring with the trinity on both side of the ring . you 'll like this product !
469	Jewelry	NEG	2	look great and a good deal , but place of the stone could be better . one of the stone look like it be jam in so the housing be scrape and the stone seem out of place . like the way it fit and look good , but would not buy again .
289	Jewelry	NEG	1	this be a very flimsy and breakable peice of jewlery ... you could not tell from the photo .
390	Jewelry	NEG	2	the first time i get this ring which be last year i get one that be really good , but when i order this one this year -lrb- 2009 -rrb- I get it bent and it look like the diamond be lop side with the ring , i guess that be what you get for a cheap ring under $ 10 not buy from Gem Avenue again .
985	Jewelry	NEG	1	this pill box be extremely difficult to open once it be close . and I be not some arthritic senior citizen , but a active 35 year old with good dexterity . the lid fit too tightly once it be snapped shut , and the lip of the lid be flush with the bottom piece . very aerodynamic I be sure , but you 'll break all you fingernail try to pry it open . I have to use a nail file tip to open it again . also , the craftmanship of the piece be poor in general , especially for a item of this price . the sticker inside say `` make in Thailand '' , and frankly it show . save you money and look for something else .
646	Jewelry	NEG	1	these be not size correctly . I order two different size , both ring be the same circumferance and both too small to fit .
258	Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring arrive in a very nice american Pearl box with polish cloth , velvet bag , and guarantee policy . presentation be very good . the good : the setting be well do . the diamond have good fire and be ` white ' enough to compliment the white gold . they be also color-matched well to each other . they be not exactly the same size on close inspection , but be too small to really notice from more than a few inch away . the bad : the pearl be not black at all like most south sea pearl and have no green overtone . it be medium gray and look nothing like the pearl picture on Amazon or American Pearl 's website . this be also not a 18k ring , it be clearly stamp `` 14k '' inside the band . if the pearl color be not enough to make you return it , the lesser quantity of gold than advertise should be . conclusion : overall it be a very pretty ring even though the pearl do not look anything like the pearl you be expect to receive , nor like 90 % of south sea pearl . the setting be really nice . it be not 18 karat gold make this ring about $ 80-100 less valuable . I contact american Pearl two week ago per the instruction that come in the box , and I have yet to receive a response . to be fair , I will update my review base on they response if one be receive .
209	Jewelry	POS	5	Got this for a birthday present for my teenage daughter and she love it . it be just what she want . good quality and reasonable price .
668	Jewelry	POS	4	I think this be nice look . it be a gift for my 17-yr-old niece , and she must really like it since she lose the original and want the exact same one as a replacement .
614	Jewelry	NEG	2	I love the ring when I receive it . the silver stand up to constant wear without become misshapen . the problem I have be the garnet start to crack and break , and it be only from normal wear , not abuse . it look horrible now . I be very disappointed , since I have only have this ring 4 month .
800	Jewelry	POS	4	this moonstone ring look great , but be kind of bulky . I do not wear it all the time , but when I do , I can not stop play with it in the light . this be a fun ring for a great price .
880	Jewelry	NEG	2	I buy this ring a month ago and wear it every day . it seem to have quite a few scratch for be very new . since I have a office job I do not do anything that would cause it to have so many scratch already . I assume that titanium be more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
629	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be well worth the price ! I buy it as a pinky ring and it be just perfect .
199	Jewelry	NEG	1	ring would be perfect if it look like the one in the picture ... the ring i receive look unfinished ... the side cross need more edge ... also the black shading be lack on both side and top ... i will not bother contact Amazon or seller for it be not worth my time or money to have ship back ... I will try to add more shade myself ... if this ring be not the exception i do not recommend it ...
922	Jewelry	POS	4	I love this ring except for the fact when I receive it the receipt that come with it which have a link for a website to the instruction , the link be incorrect . I also try to e-mail the contact e-mail multiple time with no response . the instruction below which someone so graciously post be correct , agree be very cryptic and be difficult to interpret , but I would still be try to put it back together without they . the first time I try to put it back together it take I upward of 2 hour to interpret the instruction and get it together . once you figure it out its not that bad . the groove that they talk about be located on the INSIDE of the band . good luck !
840	Jewelry	NEG	1	arrive quickly , very pretty . set not as picture . ring only wear for two month -lrb- not for chore or anything that could harm a ring -rrb- . LOST STONE ! now pretty empty promise ring ! very disappoint .
806	Jewelry	NEG	2	so the `` ring '' do not actully move with you finger . so for example if I have it on and move my finger to make a fist the ring itself stay perfectly stright . it do not move with my finger at all . so for I at least it be more of a interesting cover for you finger not a ring at all . the design be pretty nice and I love the claw feature .
279	Jewelry	POS	5	I get this product on time . it be in perfect condition and be of very good quality . I absolutely love this ring and will be buy more jewelry from this supplier in the future .
490	Jewelry	POS	5	it look real enough to pass and even if it do not I would not care -- it be just " bling " and wear it make I feel special ...
773	Jewelry	NEG	1	the stone on the ring be really pretty and big which i like because I have big hand , but the gold-plating be way to bright and yellowish . the gold plate look so fake . I have the earring of this same stone and they be beautiful and the gold look so real . not happy with this ring at all . also when I order it , I never receive a receipt with it , so I can not return it .
366	Jewelry	NEG	1	this item be nothing like picture . `` diamond '' be raise bit of silvery metal . `` emerald '' be dull , poorly cut and set .
616	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a great ring ! I love the color , size be perfect , I could not imagine anything better !
611	Jewelry	POS	4	lovely , flexible design on this . very nice price consider the price of silver now day . do not give it 5 star as the item seem to run a bit small . I have to go back and order a size up , which I never have to do unless the band be really very wide all around . I should have realize since there be no graduation to the band and it be the same size all around that this could be a problem if it be not exactly true to size . I have other band of this width where the size be not a issue , so I either get one just a bit off , or it do run small . otherwise great ring . I hope the next size up be not too big .
560	Jewelry	POS	5	I receive my turquoise band today . it come in a beautiful pink box with bow on top . the band be lovely . I be go to order another one .
586	Jewelry	POS	4	I buy this cheap ring -lrb- $ 14 include shipping -rrb- to try jewelry on amazon , and work perfect . my wife have this ring for over 3 year and it still shine like new . the Zirconia be a bit scratch , but for the price be excellent . just be careful with the size , accord to the chart my wife be 10 , but when she get the ring it be too big , she be a 9 . it be better to go to a jeweler to get the size .
299	Jewelry	NEG	1	this be complete and total crap . i have never be so disappointed in a purchase in my life . i would have rather recieve flaming dung than this . it be bad quality , would only fit on the finger of a fat giant , and do not even bend properly . if u buy it , you be a complete fool .
551	Jewelry	POS	5	I purchase this ring during my pregnancy when my finger be too swollen to wear my real engagement ring . to a casual observer , the ring look real , the stone have a nice sparkle , the setting be secure , and the band -lrb- although slightly lighter weight than gold would be -rrb- be attractive and a good simulation of white gold . the product description say it be between 0.925 and 1 carat , but in actuality it look about 1.3 carat . I have only own it for a week , so I can not speak to how it wear long term , but I work in a hospital and wash my hands\/use hand gel multiple time per hour and so far it still look great . also , you can not beat the price . would definitely recommend .
883	Jewelry	NEG	2	look a little antic but it be nice , it would be a nice present to give to a niece . hope she like it along with other jewerly that I get she
78	Jewelry	POS	5	I love this ring ! it be interesting to look at , and I like the design . I have not take the string off for fear of not be able to figure out the puzzle . maybe one day I might try it , but I like it so much I do not want to chance it now . ship fast . 9\/26\/07 - update SOLUTION the following be a step by step solution for a thin band , four link puzzle ring  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Puzzle Band ring -lrb- size 5,6,7,8,9,10 -rrb-  I e-mail silver insanity and ask for the solution to this particular ring , and this be what I receive . I do not edit any of the information send . it be a bit wordy , but it work . I hope this help everyone . 1 . you will notice that the four band be similar , but upon closer inspection there be slight difference . two of the link have a simple peak to they , and the other two link have a dip and a peak . look carefully to identify each link . at this time , single out the link that have a simple peak , with 4 etch carve into it . -lrb- the etch may be faint , compare the two simple peak link and choose the one with more groove -rrb- 2 . once you have find the simple peaked link with four groove , hold that link only , let the other link dangle . turn the ring so that the top of the peak be point away from you . there should be two link dangle from the link you be hold , with the fourth link dangle from those two link . 3 . while still hold the four grooved link , take the other simple peaked link , which should be the one dangle from the bottom , and bring it up to meet with the one you be hold . you should now be hold the two link together , the band of the link together , and the point of the peak point outwards , opposite of each other -lrb- it should look like a diamond -rrb- 4 . continue hold the link together with you thumb and pointer finger -lrb- you will need you other finger for the next part -rrb- . 5 . you will notice that you now have the two ` dip and peak ' link dangle from the two link you be hold . Select the link on the right -- this be trial and error , sometimes the correct link will be on the right already , and sometimes you may have to pass the wrong link over the top of the ring in order to place the correct link in the proper position . the two dangle link be very hard to tell apart , so you will discover which be the correct one for the next step by follow these instruction : 6 . after grab the dangling link on the right , turn the link so that the peak and dip face you . look at the link , notice the dip and peak . you want the link that have peak that point like arrow to the LEFT , then the right . -lrb- the other link have peak that point like arrow to the RIGHT , then leave -rrb- 7 . when you have find the correct link for the next step , hold it taut against the two simple peak band you have be hold between you thumb and forefinger . the band of those two link should now be rest against the LEFT point peak of the select link , and you should adjust you hand so that you be hold that link on you pinky , taut . 8 . with you free hand , grab the last remain link . turn the link so that the peak and dip face the top of the ring -lrb- you should be hold the ring upright the entire time -rrb- bring the remain link towards the right , and overlap it with the link you be hold on you pinky . the easiest way to do this be to imagine you be try to put the other link on you pinky with the one that be already there . if this be do correctly , you will still be hold the two simple peak link between you thumb and forefinger , and they will form a diamond shape . you will also be hold the other two link on you pinky , they should form a figure eight , with the other two band pass through the center . 9 . at this point , I usually change the position of my hand . now , hold the figure eight together with you thumb and middle finger , try not to disrupt the other one too much ! try to maintain the diamond shape in some way , hold it however you be comfortable , in a way that will enable you to continue with these instruction . 10 . Select the link on the top , closest to you . -lrb- part of the diamond -rrb- spin the link around so that the peak fit through the figure eight -- also , make sure that once the peak be inside the figure eight it also pass through the band of the other part of the ` diamond ' . when the link have be spin , and pass through the figure eight and the band of the remain link , fold it downward , so that it be flush with the two link that form a figure eight . 11 . well , you make it to the last remain link ... congratulation ! all you have to do now be carefully spin the last link so the peak fit between the peak and gap of the already mostly assemble ring -lrb- just spin it , no need to do anything fancy ! -rrb- once the last remain link have be pass through the ring , fold it down to lay flush with the rest of the link . 12 . enjoy you puzzle ring !
334	Jewelry	NEG	1	it tarnish on the first day and break on the third day . it be in the trash where it belong
851	Jewelry	POS	5	beautiful ring ! fit perfectly & go great with the other band I buy from Gem . will definitely buy from again !!!
478	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be gorgeous and incredibly frustrating until you finally figure it out . another reviewer leave write instruction for how to solve the puzzle , but I find those to be impossible to follow . so once I get it I decide to make a video for anyone too frustrated with the ring . it be available on youtube ... -lrb- ... -rrb-
461	Jewelry	NEG	2	I be very disappoint with this ring . it be very pretty , but once you take the string off it fall apart and there be no instruction to put it back together . my husband and I have be try to put it back together base on the picture of the ring on this website and have have no luck . now all I have be a pile of silver ring that I can not wear . if anyone know how to put this back together , please post how ! thanks .
303	Jewelry	NEG	1	this item be poorly craft and the pic be mislead . I dont collect claw for display , i actually wear they in everyday life . this product be not wearable nor do it bend for show . those of you who collect might find this very under par for you collection .  Claws Spikes Pewter Finger Armor Ring Spike
781	Jewelry	POS	4	i only give this four star because the horn catch on everything . the ring be very attractive and bright . it be a heavy ring . I be able to bend the horn into a position so that they dont catch on everything . nice ring
424	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a beautiful color ring with natural variation of pink throughout . you will be hard press to decide which part to place on top of you hand ! the jewelry arrive well package and safe .
694	Jewelry	NEG	2	obviously this be not a high quality product . I wear it for less than a day and it turn my finger green . I do not have any kind of allergy and I have never have this problem with my ring before . I be really disappointed because I like the way this ring look and I love the design but now I have a ring I really can not wear . I will not be recommend this product to anyone .
533	Jewelry	NEG	2	in the picture show here the ring look big and clear with shiny diamond , but in reality it look like a fashion ring someone would by for $ 5 . I order a size 6 , which be small obviously . but the cz , they be so small and u can bearly see they , and they dont sparkle like the picture show . the metal be shiny , i like it . some people say it look cheap but that be they opinion . the delivery and packaging be excellent . it come in this cute red box and arrive in 1 week .
721	Jewelry	POS	5	I buy 2 of these ring for I and my best friend . i get a size 7 , and it fit nicely around my ring finger . i wear it everyday , no green hand for I : -rrb-
120	Jewelry	POS	5	purchase the ring along with match earring as a Christmas gift and they be very well receive . the vendor ship promptly and the price , very reasonable !
881	Jewelry	POS	5	I like the ring alot be perfect i just hope it do last and nothing happen to it
808	Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be beautiful and the size be perfect . my only complaint , be how easily it bend ... but I be also rough on jewelry and believe the cost vs product value be excellent .
353	Jewelry	NEG	1	I be very disappointed with this product . the ring setting be so high all the way around that you can not close you finger comfortably .
315	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be gorgeous . it fit perfectly and be very comfortable to wear . I 'll do all my ring shopping here from now on . a good experience .
285	Jewelry	NEG	1	when the ring arrive it be not all the nice salmon\/peach coral color you see on the picture . it be bright red and I return it immediately .
863	Jewelry	NEG	1	when I see so many people give this ring such a positive review I be estatic because it look so pretty online . I rush to purchase it and be extremely disappoint with the product I recieve . the ring be not portray correctly in the pictureand be very misleading . I be majorly disappoint with my purchase and regret my haste . the ring basically look colorless -lrb- translucent -rrb- and do not feel like stone , rather it feel like a piece of great plastic that be engulf you finger . I certaintly do not recommend this product at all .
988	Jewelry	NEG	1	I be shock when I see this ring , it be not what I expect . I have never see a ring so small , not make for human . it be something I would expect in a bon bon at Christmas time . it be too tight for my pinky , the size be all wrong . I can not imagine they sell this item in a jewelry shop , very disappointing , not worth the money at all . I will not buy jewelry online anymore . a regret
179	Jewelry	NEG	1	I buy three of these ring for my sister and I , and only one of they be in tact ! I have only have these for three day . they fall apart really easily and be impossible to put back together . save you money and you sanity ... if puzzle be in the title its probably not a good idea .
951	Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring its self be nice . but the thing that confuse be I be why these ring be size 10 or 9 or lower . i get the biggest size to be safe -lrb- 9 i think -rrb- , and the stupid ring look like it could barley fit a 5 year old . its as if they expect you to have skeleton size finger . theres no way the ring be a size nine if so then a size fize accord to this ring be the radius of a pencil
197	Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring be cute , but clearly not very high quality ... also the heart stone be slightly crooked which be just distract enough to make I not want to wear the ring . if I be able to go back and re-buy this ring , unfortunately I would probably spend my money on something else .
633	Jewelry	POS	4	the ring be a instant success . my friend love it . it loook amazing . i only hope it be a genuine moonstone . no way of tell it .
444	Jewelry	NEG	1	I buy this ring to replace one my girlfriend have lose that have sentimental value . look great in the picture but when I get it , it have a big chip miss that be just smooth over . the ring be not even circular !!! some area be thicker that other . I be go to send it back but between return shipping and get a new one , it be not even worth it . I go with another company . I would avoid this company . clearly no quality control .
201	Jewelry	POS	4	right when I order this ring , I could not wait to have it . when I receive it , I be astounded at the brilliance of it . it have great detail and the shine to it , as well as the size and weight . overtime , though , I find that the luster grow dull and `` gritty '' almost . even though it have lose the beautiful shine , I would still recommend it to anyone .
193	Jewelry	POS	4	I buy this ring for my 17 year old daughter . it be beautifully make and wonderfully price . my only complaint be that the stone be a little more orange than I would have like . I be hope for a darker red . but , I know she 'll love it !
482	Jewelry	POS	5	I be very impressed with this 3-pc . Smokey Quartz set . Pretty enough to give to my best friend . not too small , and really beautiful . just right . thank you !
741	Jewelry	POS	5	this be a nice little ring to wear every day . it fit nicely and be very attractive . Terrific for the price .
731	Jewelry	NEG	2	it look like it come out of a grocery store gumball machine . I know that it be only $ 16 , but I guess I be expect a bit more . the prong be off kilter and the band look really flimsy .
584	Jewelry	NEG	2	the ring be not very durable . the `` sterling silver '' be very malleable . which lead I to believe it be not actual silver , but silver plate instead . the ring be pretty and I buy it to match my sister 's red garnet celtic cross necklace for she birthday , but the ring do not last more than a month .
972	Jewelry	NEG	2	order this one along with another , and this be the more sturdy of the two . the other break withing 10 minute of open the package . this one be still fine , but I be shelve both . this one be very uncomfortable , and do not bend easily .
86	Jewelry	NEG	2	ship be timely and excellent , but the ring itself be less than satisfactory . I buy it for a friend , hope that it would be a good gift for she -- and even though the silver be nice and shiny -lrb- though it do feel kind of cheap -rrb- , the fit comfortable and smooth , I be return it because the `` blue lapiz '' stick out like a wart . the picture make the stone look more embedded into the ring ... it be not . it stick out for more than a good quarter inch , and have a scratch , imperfect surface . just not aesthetically please !
329	Jewelry	NEG	1	I wear this ring for a day and it look like it have be through Vietnam . it fit well and look awesome at first . the scuff and dent be a little too distracting .
175	Jewelry	POS	5	I be look for awhile for a frog ring . I do not like big bulky jewelry . Saw online and immediately like it . be deliver quickly and when I receive it I love it . its small and flat and do not get catch on anything and can wear 24-7 .
816	Jewelry	POS	4	I love how this ring sparkle ! : -rrb- it be really affordable and arrive faster than the estimate time ! the only issue be the fitting . I try with the size chart over and over again and I still end up with a bigger size . so , that be really frustrating for I , especially since you can not rezie the ring . but , it be pretty and sparkly nonetheless : -rrb-
437	Jewelry	POS	5	the item do not have a full ring to it , so it be adjustable . the item come build so tight that the price barely move . this be ok . let I reassure you , the price can be coax to move if you slowly flex they . this be do so the wearer can adjust the ring to the desire flexibility . the ring part that be suppose to mold around the fingertip be also adjustable and can be adjust by hand . first rate and you should know , very heavy .
336	Jewelry	NEG	2	I see this ring and fall in love with it . I after some thought I decide to have my husband purchase the ring for I for valentine day . when I be look over the ring online before the purchase i notice that it do not have a ring size selection , I decide to call the company and ask about the ring size before i buy the ring . I visit with the customer service , rep. I ask about size and if I could get it in a larger size . he tell I to send a e-mail after purchase the ring to request the correct size , - that they would size the ring for I - I request it in a 8 1\/2 . DId not hear back from they or get a confirmation e-mail . I be so excited to get the ring . I naturally assume that they would process the order as request . the ring arrive in a timely manner by Fed ex . it be package professionally but i do not pay $ 200 for packaging . I pay $ 200 for a ring that should look like the picture . it do not . the pearl be beautiful . the ring however be so small , that it hardly fit on my pinkie . the metal be thin and skimpy , and the halo around the pearl should look round , but it be flat on top like it have be press down on top . I cant express the thinness of the gold metal . I have contact customer service again via e-mail , since american pearl do not express any return policy , and I will call they as well to request a refund , or a resize . what i be concern about it that they will size the ring and not add any extra gold to it , and the band will appear even thinner . I be not sure if that be what I want to happen . this ring should be advertise for a child only . but I do not think I would spend $ 200 on a ring for any child . beware . I will update this post when I hear from the company . 2-17-10 update I call the company , and the rep seem slightly confuse with why I be want to return the ring . he do not seem like he really listen to I . I explain the problem , and he advise I to ship it back to the company in NYC and they would not charge I for resize , and also make sure the package be a COD . we insure the package , and it cost we $ 16 to ship it back . we will see when its return to we , for a later update . 2-26-11 UPDATE ring be send back . I receive it today , and it fit beautifully . same ring same packaging , it be just throw back in with the original stuff . but that okay . I just think that maybe they should have package it better to return . it be almost like they be put upon because i want the correct size . never the less , it do arrive and i be not charge for the size , and overall I be happy with the ring . I will change my rating star to 3 because the ring fit . it be still flat on top , as the metal should be more round but overall , a gorgeous ring !
918	Jewelry	NEG	2	even though the stone itself look really nice , pretty much identical with real diamond , the cheap setting make the whole ring look cheap . the prong be obviously asymmetric and disproportional . the band be really thin . I think even put a real diamond on this ring would look like fake .
706	Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring be bulky and do not fit correctly . be not make well , very large , size 12 or 13 .
275	Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this band as a keeper for my too-loose wedding band , and it be just perfect . the quality be good , the size be accurate , and the item be ship to I very quickly . my husband and I be both very pleased and would definitely buy it again if the situation call for it .
707	Jewelry	POS	5	one of the simplest but very elegant look black Onyx Rings I have see in a long time . it look so cute worn on the index finger . nice ring for the money .
376	Jewelry	NEG	2	the packaging be suprisingly pretty it come in a heart shaped box with a bow . the ring in itself be very beautiful and fit perfectly albiet a few centimeter bigger than a regular 8 the only problem be the beauty only last about 2 maybe 3 week then the `` silver '' look like a cheap imitation with no sparkle or brilliance as in the first few day . the shipper though be wonderful it arrive much faster than expect and I experience no problem with that . sadly the ring be sit on my counter in its original box now and have be reduce to a fond memory .
714	Jewelry	NEG	2	I be tell that the wide of this ring be 3\/8 '' and be 1\/4 '' I realize about that until I receive it . I do not get what I want . the ring its ok .
567	Jewelry	NEG	2	nice ring good quality piece feel heavy not flimsy , for the price , but it lose its shine and luster 3 day out the package .
47	Jewelry	NEG	2	this claw ring be smaller than i imagine . its fairly sharp and look fantastic , but its much too small to fit any of my finger except my pinky . -lrb- although , it dose have bendable band-like thing on the bottom that you can bend to you finger , but it will barely hold it . -rrb-
51	Jewelry	NEG	2	I be reconsider purchase anything from silver insanity . some of they silver be quality , some be not , but you will not know until you get it . this entire ring be very thin and the filigree be crooked and I can bend the ring with little effort . however , it be inexpensive and I guess I just get what I pay for .
339	Jewelry	POS	4	well I get this ring for myself because my fiancee and i decide to push we wedding up by four month and it be right around the corner and well let face it i have two week to get a wedding band and have to afford it right now too ... anyway , I could not tell by the picture what cut the stone be in the ring , but I order it anyway -lrb- do i mention i be in a hurry ??? -rrb- . the stone be princess cut and i really want round to match the one in my engagement ring , -lrb- even though we plan be to replace it with real -rrb- but this ring be absolutely gorgeous . you can not tell that it be not real ... look genuine next to my white gold engagement ring ... actually it look better , shiner cuz my engagement ring band be scratch . so if you want my advice , I love this ring and be definitely happy with what i order .
811	Jewelry	POS	5	I buy this as a gift for my boyfriend and he love it . it look really nice and this seller be very fast . we have to exchange for a smaller size and I be amaze at how quickly we get it back . I recommend highly !
398	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring look like a beautiful white gold wedding ring . it fit perfectly and be super shiny and smooth . I buy a 9.5 and its the same size as my size 9 ring ... so maybe go up .5 of a size .
974	Jewelry	POS	5	I love the ring ! the diamond be much bigger than i expect ! its a good look ring for the price
434	Jewelry	NEG	2	I purchase this ring as a thumb ring and be not really thrill with it . it be inexpensive and you pretty much get what you pay for .
916	Jewelry	POS	5	I get the ring before the date tell . it come in a pretty little box . it be the right color and size
49	Jewelry	NEG	1	I be very unhappy with this product . not only do the cz look plastic , it fall out after two day of wear it . I have never be more disappointed with a piece of jewelry than this one . do not buy it . the ring itself look like it come out of a quarter machine . I be not sure what kind of ring everyone else get to give it such glowing review , but mine be definitely nowhere near they description .
594	Jewelry	POS	5	this ring be more than I expect ! it be a wonderful piece . I have win it everyday since I get it and have have many compliment on it . people love try to figure out how to put it back together . the photo 's be great but it look better once you slip it on . a great product .
349	Jewelry	POS	4	I be actually look for a perfect ring for I to wear just before I ever get my class ring . and I find this ! I love how it look a blue green color ! and I order it on Standard Shipping and it come two day later ! but when I get it , it be a baby blue color instead and when I look at the picture it be blue green but oh well , it still look so good on I ! = 0
765	Jewelry	NEG	2	so it shine a little but so many imperfection the metal band be cheap disformed and tarnish within a hour of wear it , i think simply cuz its cheap metal and get wet . the heart doesnt look allot like a heart untill you get close up . cute if its gunna be a play ring or for a yooung teen . as far as wear this thing im ashamed : -lrb-
732	Jewelry	NEG	2	when I receive this ring , I be not happy because its box look very cheap . I be not stun by the ring , it look simple . but it do not really look fake at first glance . the stone though get loose . and the polishing be not good !
825	Jewelry	POS	5	it fit my index finger perfectly . I have get many compliment on it and I have yet to see anyone else with one like it . I have wear it with all type of dress clothing and it really stand out as unique and decorative .
776	Jewelry	NEG	2	this ring be suppose to have three point of articulation . it do not . it be a rigid ring . if one be to move it as other armor ring do , the joint would tear apart . when the seller state it be solid pewter , that appear to refer to the lack of any ability to flex the ring . it do look nice and be unique , so I give it two star for appearance .
10	Jewelry	NEG	2	receive product promptly and a week sooner than I think . the product fit well and be comfortably . however for my liking it be not heavy enough and do not look like the picture . very little black on ring . so little it blend in and make the ring look dull and antique .
