index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
102	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be a great product ! it be a easy transition from any other ergonomic keyboard . it only take a soft touch for great production and be not loud at all ! I have already purchase another one for my pc at home -lrb- this one be for my office -rrb- ! never want to go back to my other keyboard , this be the ultimate !!
271	Keyboard	NEG	2	I feel by now Google would have a lot more content . it do not offer as much content as my new smart tv .
451	Keyboard	NEG	1	do not buy this i have it for a hour and the delete key stoppp work i get it cuz it be one of the top selling keyboard on amazon but it suck ass
624	Keyboard	NEG	1	it be be a hour now and blue tooth be still search for device , follow direction to the letter . device be faulty crap . do not waste you money .
992	Keyboard	NEG	1	top row of key do not work . supplier say the return have to go to the manufacturer but there be no manufacturer list on the packaging . keyboard be cheap but the shipping rate be inflate . they have a 30 % restock fee and I have to pay the return shipping . a return just be not worth it . beware purchase from Amazon where they be not the supplier . Amazon do a excellent job of service but only when they be the supplier .
787	Keyboard	POS	4	I love this keyboard for gaming use . i only have two problem with it , the button on the side get lose and fall off . the other problem that i have be the bottom wrist bar have weak hinge and be on the line of break off . also the touchscreen panel take a little force to work . but other than that it be a wonderful keyboard and i would buy it if you be look for a backlit keyboard .
384	Keyboard	NEG	1	I get the rius and like it fine , until it do not work . I think there may have be some sort of power surge when I charge it , whatever it be , it just quit . since then I buy a larger size wireless keyboard with trackball and I wish now that I have get that in the first place . there be no laser pointer but I do not care about that . I probably only use it a handful of time before it die . something to consider .
174	Keyboard	NEG	1	I buy this because I Thought it would be nice to use on my media pc because it be the size of a remote control . first thing I notice be that the laser point do not work at all . advertise that it have one . I do not need it but if you tell I it be go to have one I expect it to work . that be the first clue about the quality of this . then I use the keyboard after fully charge it and with direct line of sight this would not work right to keyboard or mouse . combine that with the small mouse pad and keyboard and you have to get up and point the device to get it to go more than 10ft away . end of story I return this crap quality device for a small logitech k400 unit a bit larger with full size keyboard and trackpad build in . it work perfectly from around 20 foot away -lrb- all I test -rrb- and the device work perfectly with my Mac pro , linux box , Mac Mini , and Gateway laptop . great handy keyboard to have lay around . just pop the usb dongle in and both mouse and keyboard fire up . this mini piece of junk I have to return .
703	Keyboard	POS	4	for I , the feature most important in a keyboard be the feel of the key and durability of construction -lrb- so that it 'll last -rrb- . in these two area , this keyboard be significantly better than any other I have use or even hear of ... and I have use a \* lot \* of keyboard . it be really no contest . you can not really convey to someone how it feel until you try one . all I can really say about it : if you type a lot and like to type fast , this thing be most likely go to please you \* immensely \* . as for construction quality , most feedback I have see hint that these last a very long time except in minor way like key label wear -lrb- mine 's already show small crack in the letter from just a few week of use -rrb- . and I be definitely go to put the overall durability of this thing to the test . I type a lot , and I type fast . if something go wrong I 'll add commentary here . where this keyboard struggle be in some feature you would reasonably expect from it give its pricetag : a ergonomic design version , backlit key , and a more stable usb setup -lrb- give that it be part of the design at least -rrb- . ergonomically , this keyboard could not be less so : it have a razor-straight layout that make you use the muscle on the outside of you forearm -lrb- as you would expect -rrb- , and most edge that be not on key be sharp instead of round . you 'll most likely want a wrist wrest for this at least . it be here in these weak area that I 'll expect progress from this manufacturer : it should not be difficult at all to put out a more ergonomic , backlit , silent version of this model for a very similar price . as a matter of fact , I 'll most likely expect that much next time I look at buy another DAS , and if I can not find something like that I 'll probably look elsewhere . one last thing . a lot of feedback I read on this keyboard center around the `` silent '' part of the name . lot of people seem to expect a very silent keyboard . the problem for I be in how I buy thing -- when I spend this much money , I want to know exactly what I be buy . it only take a little bit of digging to discover what the `` silent '' refer to -- it be in comparison to the non-silent model from this maker -lrb- which pump out significantly more sound -rrb- . do yourself a favor if you be consider pull the trigger on this -- know that it be not very silent at all . from my guesstimate , it be somewhere around 30ish % louder than a normal keyboard .
37	Keyboard	NEG	1	the trackball in this thing be only 200 dpus . and it be a pain to browse window with it . and the keyboard require line of sight to the receiver . I mean it have to face the receiver straight on or it will not work ughhh . and the receiver have the activity light on even when i be not even touch the keyboard or trackball . I think that be eat up the battery . battery life be horrible . after 3 month of use , i have to struggle to move the cursor with the trackball . it be wear down even though i rarely use it because it be a pain . it be expensive too . I get feed up with it and throw it on the ground . do not buy it !!!!!
690	Keyboard	POS	4	Works great priced right no keyboard last for ever . I would buy another ; -rrb-
58	Keyboard	NEG	2	the good point of this product have be touch on in other review . I will not rehash they here . I own this keyboard for approximately 3 month . it operate well , although I do have problem with the amount of desk real estate it require - it be a large keyboard . this be a minor issue , however . the main problem I have be that one day the number key refuse to work . it be not a software issue , as I have try it on other computer with no success . I have own other Logitech product and they be nice until they break after a few month . I have buy 2 headset , this keyboard , and a mouse that periodically glitch on I from Logitech . with the shoddy performance I have experience I can not recommend they product to anyone .
135	Keyboard	NEG	2	the keyboard be okay , but the case leave much to be desire . it just have a clip on each side which do not get very tight . you have to be very careful when you pick it up , or you pad will slide out . if you intend to keep it stationary , it be okay , but not good for portability . I get another case , a leather one without the keyboard where the pad it encase , and I love it . I just use the virtual keyboard . this one be collect dust .
201	Keyboard	POS	4	I work in a dark room at night , while my spouse sleep . occasionally I need to hit a letter , function , number or some special key like '' -lrb- '' . be the poor typist that I be , this usually require either trial and error or worse turn the light on enough for I to read the key . the older I get , the more light be require to actually see the key . my search be for a well build backlit keyboard to help prevent my need for any other light source . there be another model the Microsoft Sidewinder x6 that seem interesting , however on a search this model be available for pre-order and seem interesting . my need be not as a gamer , just a sometimes past bedtime typer . this keyboard come with software from Microsoft and on the usb cable over the usb connector there be a piece of cardboard that say to install the software cd first . when open the box , the CD be not notice by I . however it be there . it install Microsoft Intellitype . which seem to do something for my pc , what I have no idea . after software install on Windows xp , my old keyboard be unplugged and this new keyboard be put in . it have work out very well . the color be a solid red , and it be easy on the eye . this be a extended 102 \/ 103 key keyboard -lrb- it have some extra key -rrb- . there be a non-detachable numeric pad . there be also a non-detachable hand rest . while the hand rest be comfortable , it would have be nice to have it removable . space be a issue in the area of my keyboard , and the hand rest use about 1\/3 of the keyboard surface area . the black for most of the keyboard be glossy , the hand rest be matte and have a textured feel . all key be light , with the exception of the space bar . the space bar be not hard to find even in the dark as its a large area flank by light key . only the top of the key glow , there be no light leakage on the side of the key or on the base of the keyboard . a choice of color would have be nice . Red be not bad , I would have prefer blue . some keyboard have a key to orient you hand for touch typist -lrb- usually a physical bump on the letter `` j '' if I recall correctly -rrb- . this allow you to orient yourself to the QWERTY keyboard without look . unfortunately all key be the same , and you must learn by use which key be where . this keyboard be a bit louder than other keyboard . I do not much care for the noise . during long period of typing , my thumb seem to get a bit sensitive to the space bar . overall when typing longish post -lrb- like this review -rrb- my finger get more tired on this keyboard than on my very old basic dell keyboard . there be 6 key label s1-s6 along the left side . additionally there be a menu key on the lower right of the main keyboard close to the space bar . these be non-standard key . what the s key do I have no idea , the menu key seem to work like the right click button . unfortunately hit it a 2nd time do not undo the right click -lrb- it do not take down the menu -rrb- . there be also multi-media key , for play \/ pause , skip fast forward , sound up and sound down also mute . there be a key that change a light from one of 3 position , I suspect its related to the game capability of this keyboard . there be also a key to set the light intensity . there be 3 level of light plus and off , you change from one to the other by repeatedly hit the light button . a final non-standard button be the calculator button , which launch the Microsoft calculator . overall it be a well make keyboard , a detachable hand rest would have be nice . my hope be over time the sensitivity to the space bar will decrease . most of the extra key be useless to I . I do really appreciate how well light this be , and how there seem to be no bleed through of light between the key . I be happy . Amazon sell this at a lower price than it be list at today . today it be list at $ 59.99 , my price be $ 45.10 . for $ 45.10 this be a very good purchase in my opinion . with any luck as this device become a bit more mature the price will settle down .
333	Keyboard	NEG	2	this illuminated keyboard have a attractive design , but be cheaply make . I need a new keyboard for my computer , and I pick this one because it seem good base on the description . however , it be obvious once use it that it be poorly make -- the key be rigid and stick often , make it difficult to type properly . it may be a full keyboard with hot key , but it seem that the only feature that make this product unique be the fact that the key be illuminate . overall , if you be look for a good illuminated keyboard , this be not it .
588	Keyboard	NEG	1	this be a wonderful keyboard with correct `` 6 '' spacing and excellent comfort level . it have be very durable for the 3 month that I have own it . in fact , everything be perfect about this keyboard except that the letter have all wear off . yes , I be a medical transcriptionist and type 40 + hour a week on this . I know this be a lot of use , but I keep remember the IBM Selectrics that I learn on in high school that be 30 year old but still have all the letter intact . even the paint on the symbol key be wear off , which could be a problem as I do not have these memorize . I be really irritated about the cheapo letter paint . I hope it be not toxic as I have absorb it all in my fingertip .
538	Keyboard	NEG	2	Works with my Mac Mini , which I be use as a htpc -lrb- home Theatre PC -rrb- . get the keyboard to work after a bootup take multiple try ; you have to press a tiny button on the dongle and then press fn key on the keyboard . that tiny button be a headache , because you can only press it with the help of a pen or tiny screwdriver . I keep my Mac Mini on all the time now so I do not have to deal with that . I also get it to work no problem with a MacBook pro . this despite the fact that the product say it be only Windows compatible . major problem with network interference . ever since bring the wkb-4000 in we house , we household 2.4 ghz 802.11 g wireless network have be go down constantly . -lrb- the keyboard also run on 2.4 ghz . -rrb- the only solution be to powercycle we router -lrb- a Linksys wrt54g -rrb- . at first it seem like commence any activity on the keyboard would instantly knock out the network . then I follow advice find on here and change wireless channel on we router ; that make a slight improvement , now the network go down at unpredictable time . : - \/ basically I be go upstairs to the router to restart it several time a day , and get lot of ill-will from the family ! sometimes the network go down even when the keyboard be not in use . I have resort to physically remove the battery from the keyboard to try to help this . later this week I be upgrade router to the Linksys\/Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router , and put n wireless adapter on the main device in my home . since n run on 5 ghz , that should marginalize the problem from the keyboard , although it will still mess with my ability to leverage the dual band -lrb- i.e. g and n -rrb- power of the router . the key work great on the keyboard , the mouse trackpad not as well . mouse movement be very sluggish , although I can not tell if that be due to interference in the 2.4 gHz band share by the keyboard and the router . but overall , the keyboard be a pleasure to use on my htpc . the feature on the trackpad where a single tap translate to a mouse click be fine with I ; I seldom do a accidental click . I be unimpressed with they customer service so far . I have have a support ticket in they system for almost a week now with no reply .
499	Keyboard	NEG	1	I like the concept of a keyboard that could dock my ipad2 , sync it , and charge it . too bad Apple do not make one compatible with the ipad 2 .
944	Keyboard	NEG	1	I be really excite about this product and though I try and try and try I never get this thing to work . this be the problem with Amazon , no one to call to get help . this product have no customer support , no website to find trick . basically what happen be I plug it in and it `` charge '' it start to pair but fail everytime and it also seem to fail to get a charge . so I try it with several other people iphone but the 3 and 3 and now I have the 4 all failure . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
7	Keyboard	NEG	2	I have be use split keyboard since 1995 , all Microsoft . I could tell the current keyboard -lrb- of 8 year -rrb- be begin to skip letter as I type -- warn signal ! so I purchase a new one which have now move to storage until I be simply force to use it : 1 -rrb- keyboard click be sharp or tinny -- I think due to the thin material use for the housing . 2 -rrb- the keyboard speed be maddeningly slow . I have try the new keyboard on both xp and win 7 , set both OS 's at the highest speed and still the keyboard creep until I want to throw it out the window . regular typing be ok , but if you want to move the cursor to somewhere else on the page that have no keyboard shortcut , take a long deep breath . delete , whether forward or back be also annoyingly slow .
926	Keyboard	NEG	1	as a case it be just passable with its bulky cradle and wraparound case that do not protect the pda from the element -lrb- the end be open -rrb- . a $ $ $ case from a myriad of other be much better . as a keyboard it fail miserably . the key be like wiggly soft button that be nothing like a real keyboard . it be impossible to type at any reasonable speed , let alone touch typing . feedback from the key be horrible , you do not know if a key be register or not . the key move slightly , but nothing like a real keyboard . I now use a Palm Portable keyboard -lrb- like the stowaway -rrb- and it be like day and nite compare to this thing . full size key , full travel , a amazing design . I love Logitech product , but somehow they lose they way with this thing . what be they think ?
41	Keyboard	POS	5	work great !! go the best buy way and have to return asap as they key board have a range of 3 foot this unit work great up to 30 foot away from laptop hook to plasma tv
300	Keyboard	POS	5	amazing keystroke ... super solid high quality aluminium construction . I buy two of these . best keyboard I have ever have . well worth the money !
839	Keyboard	NEG	2	it take a lot of time get use to typing wit this cover , and be not very comfortable . I have hear that there be ventilation issue use this . if I be you , I would purchase a keyboard wipe -lrb- or chamoix -rrb- and avoid use this .
304	Keyboard	POS	5	just what I be look for to keep my new `` baby '' pretty , safe and clean . Perfect fit and very attractive . the fold out stand be a god send when I be work in front of the tv on my notebook lap table . so easy to put on and take off ! I save for my macbook and want to keep it nice for as long as I can . the `` see through '' logo section look even better in person . I highly recommend this cover .
793	Keyboard	POS	5	we use this for we linux base dvr system we build and absolutely love it . we have be fight with a normal size keyboard and mouse for year that the range on it be terrible . sometimes we would have to be right up to the area where the emitter be for it to work . this thing be nothing like that . it have a great range , great battery life , great feature . you can turn it off when not in use . the touch pad be small but definitely get the job do . it be a perfect size for sit on you desk or end table to easily control a computer from afar . nice and easy to type on too . pro : - Perfect small size - great range - on\/off switch - rechargable - long battery life - Works with Linux - include specialty and function key - backlight ! con : - none so far !
985	Keyboard	NEG	1	highly advise against purchase this item . i cant say how well it work , because for I it never do . try everything , unit would not work . seem like logitech just sell lemon out the gate . customer service be a joke , they just appologize and offer no assistance . on top of that its be 2 week and they have yet to even give I a rma so i can get my money back . Logitech be really go downhill in they quest for profit . avoid in the future .
715	Keyboard	NEG	2	buy it and think it be great . then I notice that touchpad tap could not be disabled . nor could touchpad scrooling . talk to manufacturer , they say the device have no driver other than the microsoft pnp one and that these two feature be not available . this be a real problem if you do not hunt-n-peck type . if you type like you be suppose to for speed , this keyboard be problematic . the touchpad be extremely sensative -lrb- not changable -rrb- and if you inadvertently drag you thumb across it the cursor go all over the place , and so do you typing . until Adesso come up with a driver that can : 1 -rrb- disable tape on touchpad , 2 -rrb- disable scrool on touchpad , 3 -rrb- decrease sensativity of touchpad I would say this be a no-buy product . but it do have potential , just unrealized .
759	Keyboard	NEG	1	first one go bad -lrb- space bar stop work -rrb- about 2 week after I receive it . get a replacement . not even a year later and now 4 key have stop work . toss it in the garbage yesterday . very poor .
653	Keyboard	POS	5	if you be in need of a serviceable replacement for you Mac keyboard , at a fraction of the price of a Mac brand keyboard , this be the keyboard you want . it be a little noisier than the Mac keyboard , but in term of user-friendliness and styling you will not do better in term of function or price . the media key at the top of the keyboard be handy too . the only superfluous key seem to be the power on key at the top right , which will not actually power on my iMac . I still have to hit the power on button on the back of the iMac unit itself . other than that , I find this keyboard a great , neatly-priced replacement for my old Mac keyboard , which start to lose key function , key by key .
146	Keyboard	NEG	1	I be a fan of the Logitech Wave keyboard which have a great key feel and little noise . I need a smaller keyboard to pack for a extended trip , so I get this . it be sadly much inferior . the key be not very smooth and quite noisy . in addition , I have grief get the software to work on my Mac . -lrb- you need the software to bring the command key to the right place and to get `` num lock '' to work . -rrb- I have to pair the device to its receiver on a Windows machine , and then I could not find any software for the Mac to get the key remap . the Logitech web site be a mess . at one place , it only offer Windows driver . another have a option for Mac software but the download button do not work for either Firefox or Safari . I call support today and they confirm . it be Windows only . why ???
750	Keyboard	POS	5	I use a Mac and I like ergo keyboard . unfortunately , Apple do not make any ergo keyboard . this m keyboard be one of the few pc keyboard out there that also have the Apple logo on the box - mac be fully support and the include cd contain driver for the Mac . installation be easy and all the special key work right out of the box . I be not a big fan of special key but now I find myself use volume up\/down and play\/pause button which work seamlessly with iTunes . there be five shortcut key label 1-5 across the top . you can set these up to launch five of you frequently use application . these provide mac-like simplicity in the setup - you simply push the key and it give you a dialog box where you can browse and select the application you want to assign to the key . once that be do , press the key launch the application . to change application , there be a ` star ' key that pop up the key setting dialog box for all 5 key . you can also reprogram the other special key -lrb- e.g. volume up\/down , calculator , home , search , mute etc. -rrb- if you want . the zoom function -lrb- a two way ` slide key ' you can push up or down -rrb- , located right in the middle of the keyboard , be pretty useful too . it work great with web page , let I quickly make the font bigger or smaller . it also work with iPhoto -lrb- let I zoom into and out of picture -rrb- and many other app . the wrist pad be non-detachable but it blend in nicely with rest of the keyboard . it be also build with a high quality material -lrb- not the cheap rubbery stuff that make the wrist sweat -rrb- . they key themselves have a good typing feel to they - they be not soft or tinny but pretty well-defined - just the kind I like . definitely try it out since in the end that be the feature you 'll use the most : -rrb- . key-press feel be a matter of preference and I have buy keyboard -lrb- Adesso Ergo for Mac come to mind -rrb- that I just could not use . couple of thing to remember when use on a mac - the command , option and control key -lrb- Mac terminology -rrb- be label the pc-way -lrb- i.e. alt , Ctrl etc. -rrb- . there be no cd-eject button , but I set-up the ` home ' key in the top left corner to eject the CD . also , watch out for the ' f lock ' key next the f1-f12 function key - it be a toggle key that change the function of f1-f12 .
446	Keyboard	POS	4	I have get so many compliment on my pretty-in-pink laptop gear . the keyboard cover make typing so much more comfortable . my only issue with the rubberized case be it smear easily with my fingerprint . otherwise , it , too , add a nice touch .
646	Keyboard	POS	5	First off , I be typing this review on the New Trent Airblue BT keyboard after a full day of use at work without be plug in . I expect if it have similar battery life to New Trent 's other offering , the Airbender keyboard\/case , it will easily make it through another day before need to be charge , if not longer . the Airblue be beutiful and instantly draw compliment from my co-worker in the office . `` it be like a baby MacBook '' be hear more than once . keyboard size and key spacing be generous and when compare to the Apple BT keyboard many of we use at we desk for we desktop computer , it be practically the same size , mean you now have near desktop level typing capabilite with you ipad2 . all the special function key like volume , play\/pause , brightness adjust , screen lock , etc work great and only serve to enhance the seamless integration between the keyboard and the ipad2 . beware though that the keyboard maintain the device simply by means of gravity and the angle of it be channel , so you will want to be careful when grab it and take it mobile , or you will quickly remember that it be not in fact a netbook , as you prize posession fall to the desk or ground with a clatter leave you hold the lightweight and elegant keyboard all by itself . great keyboard and major conversation starter because everyone will think you have a ninja MacBook they have not even hear of yet !
203	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a great little keyboard . I do not buy this one but I have one just like it and I like it very much . you will not go wrong if you purchase one . I do recomend it .
126	Keyboard	POS	5	it be compact , and it just work ! I buy this to replace a similar one that come with my xtreamer Ultra PC that would not pair with it be usb stub . this new one work right out of the box . the only negative for I be that the touchpad be a bit awkward to use , but I just use a usb Logitech wireless mouse that I have and I be fine now . it be nice not to have to have a large keyboard sit next to I on the couch anymore .
393	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a great little keyboard . it be small , light and just what I need to streamline typing large amount of text into my new Treo 650 smart phone . unfortunately , it cease to work at seemingly random time . sometimes it restart itself and sometimes it will not work unless I perform a soft reset . I do not know why it do this , but I wish Palm would fix it .
236	Keyboard	POS	5	we buy dozen of these for the school 's lab and they be so popular that we end up cannibalize they for faculty and staff office . they smaller size make they ideal for tight situation . they be reliable , have a nice touch , and be the easiest keyboard I have find to clean . I use a larger wireless Logitech wave keyboard for my main computer but prefer this mini keyboard for smaller computer that I use less often . I have to buy my own , however , because the state-issued one keep get swipe for emergency office use . they can not have this one . what I would like but have not be able to find from a reputable dealer be a small transparent acrylic keyboard , ideally light up , possibly in some fluorescent color .
884	Keyboard	POS	4	I purchase this cd printer three year ago and use it with battery until this year . it work okay with battery but I find the printing be not smooth or consistant . this year I purchase the electrical cord and find that it give the printer more `` gas '' and the printing be great ! I also hook it up to my computer which make it easier to use and give I more font . I give it a four star rating because the ink cassette waste a lot of ink and be costly . but all in all , this be a good product . by the way , I use TDK printable CD 's from COSTCO and they print nicely -lrb- 100@$22.99 -rrb- . however , this printer have do a good job printing on most disc I have try .
567	Keyboard	POS	4	if you spend a lot of time in front of a computer , you should invest the money to get the right keyboard for you usage . Lenovo 's UltraNav keyboard rate somewhere between three-and-a-half star and four star for those who risk carpel tunnel syndrome from overuse of computer mouse , e.g. , in corporate financial analyst circle . the UltraNav keyboard mitigate problem cause from overuse of computer mouse by incorporate TrackPoint and touchpad point device on the keyboard itself . compare to the grip that be require to actively control a mouse , the TrackPoint require pressure from only one finger ; while the touchpad can be control by a light touch . as other reviewer indicate , Lenovo 's UltraNav keyboard be lightweight , and of a solid build quality . I find the UltraNav 's trackpoint to be perfectly configure out-of-box . other trackpoint device -lrb- I have use Dell and HP Compaq corporate laptop -rrb- feel `` loose '' by comparison . the UltraNav 's touchpad support virtual click -- which simulate mouse click by quickly tap on the touchpad ; and virtual scrolling -- which enable quick scroll down or across a window by slide one 's finger down the right side of the touchpad , or across the bottom of the touchpad , respectively . the touchpad 's driver software enable both feature to be tailor to preference , and come with a practice `` game '' to help ensure that one 's preference be just right . the UltraNav TrackPoint come with a third button -lrb- in addition to the standard left - and right-click button -rrb- that can act either as a scroll lock or a magnifying glass . both the touchpad and TrackPoint may be adjust for left-handed use . both be also simultaneously active , but one or both may be deactivate or set to use a subset of they feature . I keep both enable ; I use the touchpad to move around broadly , and the trackpoint to move around and select item more precisely . with Lenovo 's UltraNav keyboard , a mouse be no longer need . the downside to the UltraNav keyboard generally revolve around its lineage as a ThinkPad laptop keyboard . like most other laptop keyboard , the UltraNav keyboard have tiny function key , and tiny Insert , Delete , Home , End , pageup and pagedown key . several keyboard function -- include the three volume button , the Fn key , and the blue mechanic -lrb- thinkvantage -rrb- key -- may be render useless for those who do not pair they UltraNav keyboard with a Lenovo computer . Lenovo should have be smart enough to include software to help such user remap all of those non-functional key to do something more useful . this keyboard also lack Windows key -lrb- the Windows key and right-click key -rrb- , and instead have -lrb- previous Page -rrb- and -lrb- next Page -rrb- key . I be not convince of the utility of the latter , because it be just as easy to press   and   to move backwards and forwards in a web browser . the UltraNav keyboard also include two usb 1.1 port ; which be less useful today than when this product be introduce , since many usb device these day can take advantage of higher usb 2 speed . remember to install the UltraNav driver - before - plug in the keyboard into you computer for the first time . Windows Vista 64-bit user should consider use the latest generic driver from synaptic because Lenovo 's Vista 64-bit driver do not support virtual scroll for the touchpad . both the Synaptics and Lenovo driver however , do not support the magnifying glass action for the Trackpoint 's third-button . Lenovo 's UltraNav keyboard merit serious consideration from those seek a solid alternative to computer mouse , and can sacrifice a bit of keyboard functionality . hopefully the next version of this keyboard will incorporate with Windows key -lrb- since they be make available in the ThinkPad 60 series keyboard -rrb- , usb2 port , and maybe multi-touch support for the touchpad .
720	Keyboard	POS	4	I be use the keyboard for a computer I have hook up to my live room television , when I be sit on my couch . need to get a usb extension cord to make sure the keyboard could see the receiver , but after that it be work pretty well . miss letter sometimes when I get in a fast typing groove , but overall , it work great for its purpose , be a convenient keyboard and mouse pad together that I can use across the room . a standard keyboard and mouse be definitely better , mean more precise , and less miss , if you situation would allow for it .
546	Keyboard	POS	5	i turn my old laptop into a `` media pc '' connect to my tv . i purchase this keyboard because the review mention it be a great option for laptop specifically , and i could not agree more . mouse responsiveness be spot on without noticeable lag , key just as fast . have be use for a month or so ; will have to see how battery in keyboard and mouse hold up
889	Keyboard	POS	5	I be very satisfied with this keyboard it be nice and it be get gentle key . this do not come with a manual so if you try to figure out how to change the backlight color , it right next to the dial knob . this keyboard also do not look tacky as I thougth it would be . it be just perfect and I think it be worth the price . you will not be disappoint with this one .
549	Keyboard	NEG	1	never do get it to work correctly with my Droid X. after pretend to type on it for a while I do not spend too much time though since it be a bit too small and its action to soft to improve all that much on the virtual keyboard . if it have some kind of functional installer it would have be worth it . try to follow the manual step that do not work be not .
123	Keyboard	NEG	2	unless you plan on use another mouse , or really really like a trackball mouse , do not buy this . the mouse track like a overexcited puppy . they could have a great keyboard if they put a small joystick mouse on it like the old sk-7100 keyboard have .
136	Keyboard	NEG	1	Logitech rep in BestBuy say that this unit would work with all hdtv that have a hdmus port . incorrect . you need to have a hdtv that have the circuitry to accept hdmus version 1.3 or higher .
266	Keyboard	POS	5	I be hesitant to get this keyboard simply because of the price . I have it on my wish list for about six week . then I splurge and figure I could return it if I be not blow away . well , I be and have be . right out of the box I be amaze by how professional and slick it look . the after turn it and and see the black case with the white letter ... wow ... my friend have be amaze and be very envious . after connect with my pc wirelessly the keyboard be ready to rock . no cd 's , no have to read instruction , just a easy installation per sey ... this keyboard do everything and have everything you need . the shortccut on the fn key be amazing and everything just feel right ... I have a black hd set by Samasung and this key board go perfect with that and my black logitech everything mouse . I would highly reccommend this keyboard even at the high price ... quality , function and the bell and whistle come with this keyboard ...
270	Keyboard	POS	5	I do not think I be go to like it , and the way the company ship it , I be disappoint . but , when I take it out of the envelope and put it on my MacBook pro , I fall in love with it ! it fit perfectly , protect my key from dirt & dust , and I can still see the light keyboard through it ! the minor flaw it have be that the letters\/numbers\/symbols be not perfectly align . - just a minor insignificance !
894	Keyboard	POS	5	this item be bring for my son , he love it . it work very well . the price be a steal compare to the price at local store in my area for double the amount ...
262	Keyboard	POS	5	I like look at KEYBOARD and USING IT . key be large , UNIT no LARGER THAN need to be for normal use , no duplicate number on it . SMALL MANUAL MIGHT be helpful even at risk of repeat obious , E.G. , UPPER RIGHT LIGHT STRIP , BUTTONS at UPPER LEFT .
975	Keyboard	NEG	2	this item be either misrepresent or the 2 I purchase be defective . either way , they would not work more than a couple foot from the pc . I buy 2 -- one each for my bedroom and den . I want to use they as a remote control when watch video on the internet from the comfort of my recliner -- across the room from the pc . they do not work for I .
283	Keyboard	POS	5	my wife love it !!! when I get home from the gym , I think she score a netbook somehow , but it be the iPad all along . now she and my 4yr d can not put it down .
968	Keyboard	POS	4	I use this with a pc plug into the tv . sit on the couch from across the room , the wireless aspect work great . here be a few thing I really like about the keyboard : the trackball be easy to use the `` mouse '' button for the trackball be well positioned and have several option . there be a handy left-click button on the edge of the keyboard just under the trackball . it be very well position for how I hold the keyboard . likewise the scroll wheel on the left edge of the keyboard be in the perfect place to use it . and there be two other left\/right mouse button on the main keyboard surface . the keyboard be a nice small size but will full size key . more equivalent to a large laptop keyboard than a desktop keyboard . I do not want a big keyboard sit by my tv and this fit just right . the only downside I have see be : there be no indicator light -lrb- numlock \/ cap lock -rrb- on the keyboard . that be a real problem when log in . I understand they probably omit the light as a battery power save feature but I really think they be necessary . really minor here : the wireless receiver dongle be larger than I would like . it be stick out of a front usb port on my pc and I would really appreciate a smaller receiver so there be less chance it could get bump and break .
914	Keyboard	NEG	2	keyboard work just fine , it be durable and easy to type . I have no problem with this part . the `` moue '' however be horrible . like another reviewer state , you have to push down on the button to get it to move , and mine be extremely stiff and eventually hurt my thumb after just a short while of casual usage . it be finicky , do not respond well , be not even remotely accurate and be just plain bad design . I would recommend a bluetooth mouse to go with this keyboard and skip its mouse entirely . everything else work great and be configure very quickly .
151	Keyboard	POS	5	when I really like a product , I be always curious about the negative review . with this keyboard , it appear that these concern personal preference that no single keyboard can fulfill for all user . I guess that some day there may be a keyboard that can be modify by the user to any sublayout , key size , and the like . this keyboard can not do that , but it be about as perfect for I as they come . the keyboard layout be standard and straightforward : no touchpad , special key , etc. -lrb- well , there be those speaker key above the numeric keypad . . I do not use they , but they also do not make the keyboard larger -rrb- . I like that because it keep the size to a minimum without diminish the usefulness -- for I . it be not particularly important to I that it be really thin , but I really like that look . now the important stuff . the key feel good to I , and I think that as long as key have good tactile feedback , you will get use to whatever keyboard you use and come to like that feel . you brain adapt , which mean that if you use another keyboard with a different feel , you will not favor that at first either . someone do note that the f and j key be not as easy to feel as on some keyboard , but you get use to that as well . I be attract to this keyboard because I sometimes like to work in a room with muted illumination . I would find that sometimes I would need to punch a key that I do not use much -lrb- say , a f-function key -rrb- and would struggle to find it . that be not a problem now . I start use wireless keyboard 2 keyboard ago , and will never go back to cable . I love not have another cable on my desktop . plus , I can type with the keyboard in another position if I have to -lrb- troubleshoot the computer , etc. -rrb- . the tradeoff have always be the battery , but the rechargeable nature of this keyboard be wonderful . I charge they first when I get the keyboard about a month ago , and it be still on full . and , if the battery need recharge , I just plug in the usb cable for a hour or so , and can still use the keyboard . I have to admit that I really like Logitech product , have be use they since the first 3-button -lrb- ! -rrb- mouse in the early 1980 's . I have never use a Logitech product I do not like . maybe I be bias .
700	Keyboard	NEG	2	since purchase the Logitech revue , i go through three unit . each one have totally different , yet major flaw . finally return the device for good for a full refund . First defective unit : have a non-responsive left arrow key on the keyboard . could not go through the setup process without the use of it . exchange unit for another one . second defective unit : after a day , start reboot uncontrollably . exchange it for another one . third defective unit : after a day of use , there be a mysterious pixelated gray distortion right in the middle of the screen when watch video . Power cycle resolve it for about 5 minute or so . return it for good ! I would also like to mention that all three of these unit be unable to see my 802.11 n network , or even my neighbor 's . it only would see my 802.11 g band . browse logitech 's forum show this seem to be the case . the logitech revue may possibly be 802.11 g only ! if this be the case , that will be false advertising . I would also like to mention that 99 % of the major network provider have block all video content from be view on any google tv device . I find the logitech revue to be only a netflix player when i be use it . I recommend wait a year before try google tv . I also recommend never purchase this logitech revue . 1 star , and 1 extra star for the effort .
953	Keyboard	POS	4	it be not the most fantastic keyboard in the world , in particular it seem to have some minor spelling issue -lrb- : but it be okay . the best part of this be how much easier it be for work with my laptop . I be never comfortable try to balance the thing on my lap and hunch over try to type with it on some other surface be even worse . with this , I put the laptop on a flat surface in front of I , increase the size of the print and sit with the keyboard in my lap . my mother also like be able to type without have to worry about rub on the touchpad and mess thing up .
818	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard be great for the average gamer . the lighting look really nice , it really look much better than i would have think in the dark . I can dim the light too if i wish , I actually keep it dim - it look quite nice in a dark room still . the keyboard seem to be of good quality , my only complaint be the `` enter '' button near the number pad be sticky when i first get it , but after a day of usage it cease to be sticky and work like normal again . it also say it come with a cd\/software to program the key , i do not recieve any in the box but im not go to return it for that reason since i do not really plan on use that feature anyway . but it would have be nice to know that i could if i have want the keyboard actually feel really good . the key be somewhat soft but not so soft that its feel weird . you get the right amount of repsonse from the key . I can be gentle on the key when typing and i 'll have no issue . it look really good on the desk too . I must admit when its next to my gaming rig with all of its led fan and such it really make the set up complete for I . some people might not like that it be not wireless , but i do not mind at all - if you a gamer you know wire be better . no worry about intereference or any miss key stroke with this keyboard . plus i do not have to change battery ! overall , i would buy one again -lrb- and i probably will -rrb- it be look alone be enough reason for I to buy one again but the way it feel and the feel of be quality make really make this keyboard a good buy for any gamer . I will note though , that if you do some serious gaming and you need lot of programmable key and different lighting feature , this keyboard probably will not do it for you .
256	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be durable and work just like a regular keyboard . but it be not wide , only 11.25 inch wide . so , I can fit my keyboard and mouse on my short keyboard tray .
521	Keyboard	POS	4	I have be use my Logitech Revue for a couple of week now and really like it ! it have good flash support and seamlessly interface with Tivo . now I only need one remote for the tv and both box . from the application screen , I can access the web , Tivo recording , Netflix , YouTube , and live tv . the remote have a full keyboard , so I can use the tv as my portal to the web without the clunky interface and remote of some other system . it really be the convergence of television and internet . the only negative be that it appear to recompress the Tivo signal , degrade the picture quality ever-so slightly . most viewer will not notice this unless they be professional video editor . it be exciting to be use a platform that will continue to evolve and improve over time .
962	Keyboard	NEG	1	right after open the box I have discover that the function key -lrb- fn -rrb- be stick down when it be press . terrible Quality Control be obvious . I should have read the negative review first . other people apparently have the same problem . I doubt I will ever buy another Razer product again . I have since contact support . they be go to ship I out a new fn key . this should not even be necessary .
900	Keyboard	POS	5	excellent product . the skin be barely noticeable and protect my computer from dust and dirt . I also use a skin on my desk top keyboard . I would purchase this again .
685	Keyboard	POS	5	the reason I need a ergonomic keyboard be because I write a lot . and this keyboard be perfect . with my wrist lift up my hand have never ever be more comfortable typing . frankly the only problem - and this be a very serious one , unfortunately - be after use this keyboard , use a `` normal '' keyboard become a pain . especially those pitiful laptop keyboard . for anybody at all who need to write a great deal this keyboard be perfect .
870	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard and mouse combo be definitely worth the expense , though many would consider $ 70 inexpensive for a wireless keyboard and mouse of this quality . the only issue that I have have , and this be a small issue , be that the mouse be a little smaller than I would have prefer , otherwise this be a great investment .
412	Keyboard	POS	4	we be look around for a wireless keyboard and mouse . when I come across this and read the review , we decide to purchase it . it be a great price to have a keyboard and mouse together in one package . have work very well !
908	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be great . it install instantly and be work flawlessly ... for a reasonable price . the curvature of the keyboard be a nice touch as I do a lot of typing .
479	Keyboard	POS	5	I be use it over a half year now . still I love this combo . the keyboard be sleek , so comfortable to type ; function key be so useful in many way . it beautifully work with Windows 7 x64 bit . mouse be very comfortable to hold . Main key point be that function of both keyboard and mouse be programmable . if you do not want or want certain button to do certain action , you can change it use its driver . I do not know why people be complain that they could not use f function . however this be true , if you do not install the driver come with it . this should be problem once you install the program call `` setpoint '' . mouse work when I be 3.5 m away from computer . I could not test it further . that be limit of my room size . it work on virtually every type of surface . mouse look a little bit oversized on the website , however it be not . nevertheless , it be a little bit heavy , if you be use to super small , light mouse . I be use this combo along with my laptop and external monitor .
420	Keyboard	NEG	1	the ad say that be backlit ye tit be not . it also look different slightly : they send model kp-810-xx not kp-810-02 whic his backlit and show in the ad . -lrb- ... -rrb-
909	Keyboard	NEG	1	before Gyration Inc. can compete in the Mouse & Keyboard arena , they must learn to design product that be completely in sync with Windows ! I even take extra step in download all driver need from the Gyration Website , but this slick and very design drive package still could not give a `` Ultra Performance '' . the keyboard would sometimes read and sometimes not ... and the mouse would force Windows to crash ! it be too bad , I want it to work . I guess I should stick to the `` Old School Products '' with more experience .
117	Keyboard	NEG	1	when it work as advertise , the keyboard be great , touchpad and keyboard make web surfing from the couch enjoyable . con : ----- 1 -rrb- short range , also report by other here . my couch to my htpc be about 8 ft. . at that range , the touchpad become arkward to operate . I try move the receiver to my htpc 's front usb port . do not help . 2 -rrb- I read about this from a negative review before I buy it but think maybe that customer be just unlucky . well , turn out I be unlucky too . it work for about 2 week of occasional use then it stop work . nothing i try work . try recharge battery to full . try cycling keyboard power . try cycling pc power . try change usb port . it just would not sync up . get it return . thank goodness for Amazon 's top notch return service .
641	Keyboard	POS	5	this product really do not leave anything else to be desire . it fit the keyboard on my 2010 MacBook pro perfectly and look great to boot . it sit flush to the key and play between key non-existant . this cover also give the key more of a texturized feel , which be a good change from the glossy stock key .
647	Keyboard	NEG	1	Mine come in the mail yesterday . it will not charge . . therefore will not sync . the blue indicator light remain on for only a few minute -lrb- less than 5 -rrb- and then shut off . turn the switch to on ... there be no light indicate status - not even a blink . I email Cust Serv . and they send instruction for all the step I have already follow . no mention of what the problem might be , from the description of the problem I have send to they . the response be a waste of time . I do not recommend buy one of these unless you can easily return it to a store . need to return malfunctioning merchandise by mail be annoying .
276	Keyboard	POS	4	it be light , white plastic bake , require 2 aaa battery , the top look like a aluminum apple keyboard but it be plastic , type well , function key work although I be not sure what each one be for -lrb- there be no instruction -rrb- . insert battery turn on Bluetooth on iPad then I press the black connect button on he back of the keyboard make sure Bluetooth recognize the keyboard select it then synce it with a 4 digit code that pop up in a screen on the ipad then test it out . work great ! so for I it work its light weight only have it for a few day and I have not use it much . it each time I turn it on and off -lrb- to save battery -rrb- it work fine without need to sync it or anything . so for I it be a good purchase for now . I have no idea how long it will last but for now it get the job do and for $ 50 less than the authentic apple version . for now I be happy to save $ 50 I mean eventually I 'll probably get the apple one but I be happy with my purchase . I just would have like some instruction so I could use all the key instead of just trial and error ... hope this help ... I do not usually write review but this be pretty cool to have .
149	Keyboard	POS	4	I like this keyboard a lot . it be on a little expensive side , but I think it be worth all the money in term of comfortness . if you be familiar with the layout of a natural keyboard , and if you do not need look down every time you type , you will love the comfortness of this keyboard like myself . the soft padding and the reverse tilting -lrb- bottom side of the keyboard be lift with the stand include -rrb- seem to give I extra mileage every time I use this keyboard . since the last one I use be a Microsoft Bluetooth Elite , it would not be fair for I to rate the responsiveness of this keyboard . I be not a gamer , but I could not stand the jumpy sleep\/wake mechanism of the bluetooth keyboard -lrb- otherwise Bluetooth Elite be a very solid product ... stylish , too -rrb- . finally I decide to go back to a wire one , and I do not seem to have the problem any more . if you be , however , a sniper typist , one-shot-one-type , I see a small problem . with the reverse tilting , probably you will find yourself do extra neck workout , reach out you head to look down every time you type . also if you be not fully familiar with the natural keyboard layout , probably you will sometimes have to look down and you will find that you finger block you view to the letter on the key with the stand attach . sure you can use this keyboard without the stand , but then probably you can find a alternative choice ... something even cheaper maybe ... the keyboard layout be what you can expect from any natural keyboard . however , the extra function key -lrb- favorite , sound on\/off etc. -rrb- layout do not seem quite intuitive , and icon on those key be hard to recognize . as a personal opinion , I wish those icon illuminate for better recognition , if they have to have low contrast against the luminance of the key . there go my 5 star keyboard .
260	Keyboard	NEG	2	this keyboard\/mouse would be half-way decent if it be not for the terrible interference you get if it be anywhere near you wifus router . Construction quality be so so and battery life be about 4 day if you use it frequently -lrb- that be not very good in my book -rrb- . it seem like I be always charge the stupid thing . basically the wifus affect the range of the transmission . the further I put my wifus router away from the little usb dongle the better range I get . overall the touch pad be mediocre and not as good as a laptop ! I also find it cumbersome ergonomically when typing . if give the opportunity I would have purchase something else .
449	Keyboard	NEG	1	I buy the HP Ultra Thin Wireless Keyboard for many reason : 1 -rrb- need a wireless keyboard 2 -rrb- need a fairly compact keyboard 3 -rrb- be already use a HP wireless mouse with link-5 , and do not want to add another usb receiver to my system 4 -rrb- price be right 5 -rrb- figure HP quality would be fine , for a keyboard when I get the thing , I could not get it to connect to my link-5 wireless receiver that come with my HP mouse . at first , I think the keyboard itself be defective . but then I try the receiver that come with the keyboard , and it work for the keyboard . but then my HP mouse would not connect . take I a while to figure out what be go on . there be two version of this keyboard , the old style -lrb- the one I be review -rrb- and the new style -lrb- the one I want , the one I think I order ! -rrb- the difference between the two be the receiver and the model number . this be bk114aa , the one you do not want . the one you might want to order be a0b42aa . that be the exact same keyboard , but it have the link-5 receiver . I be kind of upset that this be not make more clear in the advertising for this product . it be like have two car , one with a\/c and one without . but not be able to know which be which until after the sale ... -lrb- well that be a nasty surprise -rrb-
187	Keyboard	NEG	2	the key be shallow and do not provide good feedback . I often find myself fat finger key . due to this I probably use the backspace key more than any other key . appear to be durable and fairly good quality otherwise . I have be use it about a year daily for work and it have hold up well . I really miss the old clickity-clack keyboard -lrb- loud but I probably type twice as fast on those -rrb- . I recommend go with another keyboard . one that have better key feedback .
160	Keyboard	POS	5	buy the wireless keyboard and mouse for use it with my MacBook pro OS X 10.6.8 . Works well for all the basic function . note on keyboard 1 . Amazon state operate only with the window pc but check with Logitech confirm it should work fine with the Macs as well . 2 . out of the `` fn '' key capability I could only make the power off key to work . all the other be tie to operate for window . 3 . from the additional extra feature key locate on the very top of the of the keyboard , I could make only the forward , play , reverse , volume and folder key to work . calculator key do not work . 4 . basic qwerty keyboard work fine . 5 . use the `` window key '' as the Mac command key to operate you regular mac feature . it work well for my need . I have not experience any obvious issue with the mouse and it seem to work fine . as for battery life it all depend on usage but I know its not bad as I have not have to replace battery since I buy it . tip : switch off the keyboard and mouse at the end of the day or whenever you do not intend to use the device for a long period of time . this definitely conserve battery power .
250	Keyboard	POS	5	Logitech Revue be possibly the most under-rated internet tv box out there . \* Easy to setup , take 15-20 minute . do not require any more hdmi\/optical port than you already have in you tv\/av receiver . \* bring internet connectivity to any tv with a hdmus input . surf the web , watch video , tune in to internet radio , etc. . \* Controls you tv , stb -lrb- I have DirecTV hr20 -rrb- , and AV Receiver seamlessly , just like a Harmony remote . a IR blaster be include so you do not have to point the keyboard controller at the box all the time . \* iphone\/android app as a second remote be available -lrb- free -rrb- for you mobile phone . hopefully they will make a ipad specific version soon . \* include keyboard be great with built-in touchpad . and it include a unifying receiver if you prefer to add a logitech wireless mouse . \* now watch thousand of tv show and movie with Amazon instant streaming for free if you have Amazon Prime ! Picture quality be great and Amazon 's free streaming collection be grow fast ! \* hookup you Logitech webcam for Video chat via the usb port . \* best of all , with a new Google tv software update -lrb- hopefully soon -rrb- you will have the new Android OS and app market available to you . the only problem with this box be that it be too expensive . but now at $ 99 with the new price-drop , it be a steal ! do not wait , this will sell out soon at this price -lrb- already backorder at Bestbuy -rrb- .
857	Keyboard	NEG	1	product be hard to use . not really the buyer problem but all together the product be not useful and be a waste of moeny
632	Keyboard	NEG	1	I think that this would be a great item . boy , be I wrong . my friend who be a it person where I work could not get it to set up or function . this be a piece of junk and not worth the $ 9.95 that I pay for it . if I have the original pack it would be on it be way back to where it come from . DON `` t invest in it .
137	Keyboard	POS	4	I only have one issue initially ... the usb connector be a bit flimsy and because of that I be have a bad reception - sometimes I would wiggle the mouse and nothing would happen . I think the problem be the quality of the mouse , or the reliability of the rf channel ... the problem be the usb contact ... I squeeze a little bit the little usb receiver , and shove really hard inside the usb port of the computer , and now everything work peachy ...
630	Keyboard	POS	4	for the low price that it be at , it do a great job . if you be look to match this with a Tiffany Blue case , it be not the same color . I have a Tiffany blue case and I purchase this at the same time , it be much more teal . however once it be on the keyboard , they look very similar !
965	Keyboard	POS	5	smoothest keyboard ever . . light up nice and bright and shut off in a short time of inactivity love it . . highly recommend . cordless , light . sweet .
437	Keyboard	POS	5	this item be perfect for cover my keyboard . it take a little get use to because each button that you press seem to be like push on plastic . however , I get use to it after one day , and I be glad I have it because it protect my Macbook pro keyboard from dust and oil from my finger . I highly recommend use this keyboard condom . it be very safe and protective for keyboard .
572	Keyboard	NEG	1	I have be a devoted Roku user for quite some time now . I have two , and have buy two other as gift . when I get the Roku , all that be available be Netflix and Major League Baseball . since then , multiple channel have be add at a rapid rate , and I rarely watch network tv any longer because the ROKU offer so many good alternative . enter Google TV . I be excite about the possibility , hopeful that it would consolidate so much of the video available on the web . my laptop seem to do a better job , use Windows 7 's Media Center and the hp-provided collection of online content . I would have a better experience have I just run a hdmus cable from the laptop -lrb- with its tuner -rrb- to the television . use the Chrome browser would be nice , if you only know where to look . how about provide a list of video bookmark within Chrome ? of course , use the browser on my 32 '' hdtv require get up from you chair and walk to the tv in order to read the fine print . some sort of magnifier tool would be welcome . another difficulty ensue if you do not have satellite or cable service . my plan be to avoid have such service , because Google tv be go to give I everything I need . that be not happen . integrate tv from a antenna into the device be not possible , unless perhaps there be some way to connect it through a dvr , which I do not have and should not need , consider that the whole idea of Google TV be to provide video when you want it , not when it be schedule . the gist of it all be that Google TV sound like a great idea , but the idea be still unfulfilled . I 'll keep the box and check back from time to time , hope that it , like ROKU , will expand its offering . meanwhile , I 'll keep enjoy my Rokus . ultimately , I 'll probably just connect a dedicated pc with a tuner to my system and let Windows 7 do what Google tv should have be do straight out of the box . it have be a disappointing purchase -- three time the cost of my rokus , and deliver much less than a third of the content .
578	Keyboard	POS	4	too flimsy for main work keyboard and also have the crummy layout of the key above the arrow key . but , this keyboard be great for home theater use . good range . it work from anywhere in the room . I like it and the markdown price be right !
663	Keyboard	POS	5	the deal be pretty good and affordable . the keyboard and mouse be appeal . this be a first time I have purchase a wireless mouse and keyboard and already fall in love with it .
482	Keyboard	POS	5	I get a new Lenovo Thinkpad x201 with docking station to replace my old corporate rig , and alas there be no place for a serial keyboard -lrb- dinosaur -rrb- , so I need a usb keyboard . this keyboard look like it fit the bill , and since I also already have a nice Logitech wireless keyboard\/mouse setup for my home system , I think I would give this keyboard a try too . it work perfectly , install automatically in Windows 7 . it be very comfortable to type on -lrb- fast -rrb- , and have really nice no-slip rubber foot on the bottom . you literally can not go wrong with this as a good basic keyboard .
694	Keyboard	POS	4	I really like my keyboard skin cover for my Macbook pro 13 late 2011 design . it fit perfectly ! unfortunately the letter on the key do not light up , but it the light that shine through the clear silicone be sufficient for I to work in the dark . only problem I have be that my order be lose in the mail , but the seller be there to help I out in a jiffy . thanks a bunch , it be greatly appreciate !
789	Keyboard	NEG	1	it be a great keyboard , but there be no driver for os x user . the keyboard will work on you mac , but you will not be able to access\/assign any of the customizable button . many of the button have no default function for os x , so they do nothing . I have contact customer support to address the issue , but never get a answer to whether or not a driver be come in the future . on the plus side , if you run window through bootcamp on you mac , the keyboard work flawlessly .
69	Keyboard	NEG	1	battery do not fit properly . work briefly with some jerry-rigging . now will not work at all . you get what you pay for ...
627	Keyboard	NEG	1	how do you mess a keyboard up ? just arrive today , the ` f ' , ' 5 ' , and ` o ' key do not work . plug back in the garbage stopgap keyboard I buy for 10 $ from pc Richards -lrb- which do not require software installation -rrb- . what a joke .
454	Keyboard	NEG	2	Doesnt fit the keyboard verywell at all , so with that say kinda pointless but that color and quality come out good
948	Keyboard	NEG	1	I receive this as a Christmas present after -lrb- foolishly -rrb- put it on my list . let 's just say I regret cost my brother $ 65 . right out of the box , it do not work . I adjust the battery , play around a bit with the usb receiver , and it finally connect . after about 10 minute of use , it disconnect . repeated step 1-2 , use for a hour this time , and it stop work again . so I call tech support and get the answering machine . 10 time in a row , on 10 different day . email they . never get a response . my advice be to spend you money more wisely and get a better product . this one be not it .
978	Keyboard	POS	4	for the price I would say this keyboard be okay . the num lock key do not work but the key work fine .
341	Keyboard	POS	5	I buy this product to protect my new MacBook pro 's keyboard . I absolutely love this product . the skin be definitely not aqua . it be more turquoise . the letter on the skin do not match the keyboard letter either . it fit really well and do it be job of keep the key and keypad clean . I would definitely recommend buy this product for you computer .
287	Keyboard	NEG	1	this product do not work at all with my system . it do not lay flat , and be very difficult to type on . I have to write a lot for my job , and it be very difficult to use .
152	Keyboard	NEG	1	please do not buy this for the case . keyboard be great , but there be nothing to secure the IPAD . I have have 4 employee IPAD 's slip out of this case . spend the extra money and get something better . pay for a better case or for a crack IPAD screen which be not cover by Apple 's warranty . AMAZON should stop sell this case . I know have to tell people they will have to pay for repair to they IPAD 's . to bad the bluetooth kyeboard work great .
810	Keyboard	NEG	2	I get my Edge keyboard use over two year ago . at that time , the battery charge would last a few day , and this have hold up - still go 4-5 day on a charge , which work fine for I , although much less than advertise . -lrb- since the keyboard be brick when the battery die , I consider myself lucky -rrb- . the bluetooth have synce reliably with my iMac . I have like the keypad operation . the trackpad be nice , but its button be not ergonomically located . I find I use my Wacom tablet for most drawing and drag operation , which my hand can not do reliably with the trackpad and its button . that be a annoyance . unfortunately , I just lose a key . for a couple of day the ` six ' key would appear to stick and start enter endless ` six ' . now I can not get it to work at all , although sometimes a ` six ' will pop up when press the a key . I can use the Edge until I get a new keyboard , but have to copy and paste ` six 's . so my Edge have reach end-of-life , a shame since I have another old trackpad keyboard -lrb- not Logitech -rrb- that have behave flawlessly for 15 year . I have enjoy my year with the Edge , but could only recommend it to someone who will be happy with a life span of ~ 3 year and a somewhat awkward trackpad operation . the non-replaceable battery and early breakdown tell I Logitech consider this keyboard as a disposable item from the earliest design phase . I can not bring myself to buy another , although I be a fan of other Logitech product .
705	Keyboard	POS	4	the key board look very good , light , a lot of function , but the touch pad not work good when you double touch on it , sometime need to touch 4-5 time to get it work . that be it .
842	Keyboard	NEG	2	this keyboard be great - if you do not have any connection problem . if you look at the forum at apple support , you 'll realize that quite a few people who purchase this keyboard run into exactly that - bluetooth connection problem . where all of a sudden , you ` llllllll bbbbbbbe tyyyyyyyyyypinggggggg lllllllllllllliiiiiiiiiiiikkkkkkkkkkkkeeeeeee this . aggravate - and there be really nothing that can be do to avoid it if you have the problem ... supposedly it be due to wireless interference ... but i have have to go back to use my wire keyboard .
97	Keyboard	POS	5	this converter work great but with caveat . specifically , if older -lrb- 1994 and older -rrb- mouse driver be use the mouse input will be erratic and after a few minute to several hour of inactivity , the usb port on the computer will think nothing be connect and shut down . to reactivate , the usb plug must be remove and reinsert . the solution be to update the mouse driver to current , proper driver that be usb aware . I use these adaptor on kvm for computer that run continuously . before update the mouse driver , the mouse movement be erratic . since update the mouse driver the converter have perform flawlessly .
687	Keyboard	NEG	2	this be a update to my previous review . after use it for a few month now , I can tell ya that the key tend to stick for some reason . -lrb- do they not test this in a rigorous manner ? -rrb- also , some key seem brighter than other . so , this keyboard will be a back-up , and I will pick up another Logitech Illuminated Keyboard which be excellent .
983	Keyboard	NEG	2	when I order this item , it be list as a Rii minus keyboard . what I receive be the favus brand keyboard . Amazon have since correct the listing to accurately represent what you be get . the FAVI keyboard look the same as the Rii , but I do not know if there be any difference . the rius seem to get good review , so I be pretty surprise by the performance of my keyboard . the keyboard & trackpad work fine if I be within about 3 foot from the usb receiver . but if I try to use it in my normal seat position -lrb- ~ 10 foot away -rrb- , I have to hold the keyboard up and forward -lrb- closer to the pc -rrb- in order for it to work . even then , it miss keystroke and mouse movement very often . fortunately I do not have to use it very often . it would drive I crazy if I do not have a media center remote control to handle most interaction with the pc . the usb receiver be install in a front-panel usb jack on my pc , so there should be no reason that I have such bad reception .
652	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a amazing keyboard ; key be bright enough to let you type in the dark , for heavy typing ; key be very quiet , not burst the tranquility of quiet area , beautiful design and pretty easy to set up , plug and play and you be ready to go . I highly recommend this product , one of the best keyboard i ever use , it worth the money you pay .
639	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a awesome technological piece of equipment . we get a smart tv so that we could watch crackle.com movie for free and access we email -lrb- reading and composing -rrb- , and after research buy Google TV Logitech Revue to facilitate this process . the keyboard be fantastic to work with rather than use the remote control laboriously while press button one at a time to perform a action . I can quickly type a address on the keyboard in google and be there . the tech support be proficient and extremely knowledgeable . I speak with a tech who lead I through clear the cache , go through the spotlight app to access crackle and who explain various function of the keyboard , like press the menu button to the right of the space bar , select window , and click on the x 's to close window instead of leave they open and fill the cache . my hat go off to Logitech for produce a product that be extremely valuable in easily use a Smart tv . most problem people have be because they be use it incorrectly . I love the ease of it , to watch movie and access my email , and typing be a breeze . I love Google TV Logitech Revue and they tech support !!!!
413	Keyboard	POS	5	I love this keyboard ! I be replace a older Adesso ergonomic keyboard -lrb- Bondi blue , circa 1998 -rrb- , that still work perfectly , but I want the extra media key , etc. . I really want a washable keyboard , but can not find one for the Mac . I try a pc keyboard that be washable , but the backwards key drive I nut . everything on this keyboard work perfectly . all the extra key work , the programable key work , it be pretty quiet as far as I be concerned -lrb- other review have complain about all of these thing -rrb- , but I find no problem . if it last half as long as my other Adesso I will be thrill ! the driver install with no problem . identify the keyboard with no problem . I have no complaint , it be great .
120	Keyboard	NEG	2	this thing be a nightmare . it choose when it want to work . it be fantastic when it do work , I love the key and the shape of the mouse , but it only decide to work when it want to . there have be so many time where I have almost replace it , and then it will work for a while , then make I want to break it in half again . Trust I just spend the extra 10-20 dollar for a more reliable brand .
460	Keyboard	NEG	2	I buy this keyboard as a replacement for the m elite model , expect to make heavy use of the macro key . but it turn out that the pro be not a worthwhile replacement for several reason , and in fact I could not even stand it long enough to bother reprogram the macro key .  the most important problem to I be the feel of the keyboard . I think m must have do something to cut they cost , and quality , because this thing feel nothing like the comfortable elite . I must say I be very disappointed . the elite be quiet and extremely solid , but the pro feel hollow and flimsy , as if be have the gut of a keyboard . but there be other less-important annoyance too .  the pro have a full-sized set of arrow key , but I usually use the numeric pad with numlock off anway -lrb- so I can immediately touch Home , End , enter , in , Del , etc. -rrb- , so that be just farther for my arm to travel between the keypad , mouse , and home row . finally , the pro 's footprint be huge . I can not stress that enough ! I even have a giant desktop , and this thing be still a pain to reach around just to use my mouse or draw tablet . the elite have a tiny footprint , and I never even realize how nice that be until I lose it .  I have try out \* lot \* of ergonomic keyboard in my time , but the m elite be still the best by far . so I would say to save some money , and get a better keyboard too .
765	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard be great , but I be have a hard time set up shortcut etc. . when I reboot it seem I loose my setting and have to go through the whole process again .
684	Keyboard	POS	4	this be by far one of the coolest look keyboard around . it be incredibly thin , make of a sleek glossy black plastic and brush aluminum -lrb- which as someone else mention can get cold -rrb- . the keyboard have a solid , well construct feel and the keystroke be outstanding . I personally love my ThinkPad keyboard and this keyboard remind I of exactly that . the keystroke be precise but not as far -lrb- deep -rrb- as with a standard keyboard . the keyboard do have some drawback . first , I really wish there be a contextual menu key . that really bother I , because I constantly need to use the mouse instead . on the left side of the keyboard there be five button , `` sleep '' , `` zoom in '' , `` zoom out '' , `` default zoom -lrb- back to 100 % -rrb- '' , and a arrow button , which be strange as it be a left click arrow . I do not really use it and do not know why it be there . you can not change these key . the right side have a media key , which can be limitedly customize -lrb- i.e. only select media software -rrb- , a bar to adjust volume , a mute button , and a circular touch disk , and leave and right mouse button . the volume strip work fine , and I do wish that the touch disk be a bit bigger . I do like the fact that it be a disc , because you can scroll like a ipod by move you finger around the disc . it could be a bit better as far as sensitivity be concern . you can customize some of the f key , the other feature light up when you push the `` fn '' key which be located where you would expect a contextual menu key . I do not use these key all that much . cool that you can recharge it in the include stand . you do need a area of free desk space to `` show off '' you keyboard in the charger though . you can not have anything around it because the keyboard go all the way to the bottom of the charger when it be in its base -lrb- so that the keyboard be almost touch the desk -rrb- . battery life be really good . overall I would recommend this keyboard .
525	Keyboard	NEG	2	I do not know if the keyboard I buy have be use before -lrb- the packaging look a little suspect -rrb- but when I use this product , it be always a guess game as to which key would not be work - sometimes one or two sometimes 10 or 12 . I really , really like the concept ; I think that it increase the usability of the Palm 100 % since you can keep it open on you desk and enter stuff very quickly . I hesitate to talk badly about anything Palm since I have have one for 5 year and do not go anywhere without it . Suffice to say that I be very disapointed .
577	Keyboard	POS	5	I have search high and low over the year for a keyboard to duplicate the typing bliss I find back in the day with my IBM Model m keyboard . the DAS Professional , I have to say , far surpass the old IBM , in my opinion . my son find a IBM Model m keyboard for I the other day and I be as excite as one could be . I use it for for a week wait for the DAS to arrive in the mail . as soon as I type on the DAS , my love affair with the IBM Model m be history , I be sorry to say . I type a lot in my job . the DAS keyboard have the wonderful clicky sound and the amazing feel that you get from typing on a mechanical keyboard but without the strain on my finger and hand that I start to notice with the IBM keyboard . I realize after use the DAS that I have to push down a little harder on the key with the IBM than I like . not so with the DAS . I be in typing Heaven !
365	Keyboard	NEG	2	the key be flat and squish too closely like a laptop , something I want to avoid . it be slippery like ice and easy to mistake on , especially if you type fast -lrb- 100 + wpm -rrb- lastly , this keyboard would `` shut off '' for no reason . replugg do not work , you have to restart ! it be super affordable , but you get what you pay for .
225	Keyboard	POS	5	love the keyboard , the mouse feel great - only complaint be it be very sensitive and I have not be able to tone it down for regular use . Works good , great bundle , take only one usb port ! and be a great price .
183	Keyboard	POS	5	I think those ergonomic keyboard be just gimmick by the manufacturer , but when I need a external keyboard for my laptop , I decide to try one of those . at $ 15 , this keyboard do not cost too much above the regular cheap one , so I guess why not try this comfort keyboard . turn out this keyboard be really comfortable ! I do not realize it until I use this keyboard , but on normal straight keyboard , we wrist be actually force to bend a little bit , and this keyboard eliminate that problem . no more strain after hour of write term papers . there be a short learning curve , perhaps 2-3 day , to get use to the different feel of the key ' layout . this keyboard also increase typing speed , especially if you be a touch typist . the increase be pretty significant , sometimes I have press the next button before I lift my finger off the shift key , so my capitalize word look like this . I be use to the amount of time require to press shift button in normal keyboard , so that take I a while to get use to . some shortcut button on top of the keyboard be pretty useful , and no installation whatsoever be require to enjoy those button . the one that I use the most be back\/forward for browse , and volume up\/down\/mute . there be also a handy calculator button above the number pad on the right , which be also very helpful . overall , for $ 15 , this be a excellent purchase . highly recommend for people who earn they living by typing for hour at a time .
998	Keyboard	POS	5	let I start off by describe what the happy hacking keyboard -lrb- hhk from now on -rrb- be : the hhk be a small keyboard by any standard , the layout be reminiscent of Sun 's System 5 keyboard , where the control key be located where the cap lock usually be . the small form factor be achieve by place the ESC key be just to the left of the `` 1 '' key -lrb- as oppose to be to left of the f1 key , sometimes with a gap in between -rrb- and the Back Space be just over the enter key -lrb- as oppose to be next to the '' = '' key -rrb- also the arrowkey , pg up\/down , insert and delete key , Prt Sc , Scroll Lock and Break key be access via the Fn key and one of the letter key on the right side of the keyboard -lrb- I , O , p , K. L , etc. . . -rrb- . most of the feature of the hhk can be alter via the dip switch on the back , where you can decide if the Delete key will really be a delete -lrb- and delete forward -rrb- or a typical backspace . if you can not take the control key be where it be , or if you use the cap lock function regularly you can also change that with the dip switch . there be many other option you can change , and I would advise anyone who feel reluctant with the HHK 's layout to do a quick google search prior to the purchase and check all the possible combination of those switch . it have a usb connection -lrb- female on the keyboard , so it be detachable -rrb- and two usb port to plug in peripheral . I own ten of keyboard with vary degree of collectability and , to be honest , usability . about a year ago I purchase a hhk Lite -lrb- similar to the pro 2 when it come to layout , although my version have dedicate arrow key -rrb- and I it feel like home in term of key placement , I be unix\/linux user for the most part and have the control key `` right there '' and the ESC key just a inch away from my pinky be simply perfect -lrb- if you be a vim\/emacs user you 'll certainly appreciate that -rrb- . the Lite version however be somewhat sub-par in term of quality , the pro 2 be simply in another league and I 'll talk about that later in the review . it never stop I from swap keyboard every time I have the chance , but I always come back to the hhk Lite . so what can you expect from you first few typing session with a hhk ? as soon as you lay you hand on the keyboard and start typing the first oddity be the backspace key , it be simply not where you would expect and it take some time to get use to it be just over the enter key . curiously I adjusted very quickly to have the control key just to the left of my pinky . the lack of cursor key be not a big problem for I , although you milage may of course vary , so do take that into account . the only think I can vouch for regard the arrow key be that press fn and then the letter for the correct arrow become second nature and to be honest the position of the Fn key guarantee that the `` chord '' do not feel awkward . of all the keyboard I own the keycap on the pro 2 be simply the best I have ever experience , it be hard to explain how they have just the right amount of `` grain '' to make you feel you finger be hold on to something , but at the same time it do not hold they back at all , the plastic feel solid and like something very likely to survive a nuclear holocaust and subsequent fallout , curiously if you pick up the keyboard if feel fairly light though solid in construction . the electronics be as good as they get these day -lrb- though some might argue that dip switch be terribly old fashion and that with this price tag be certainly could have some internal memory to store setting -rrb- , the HHK use Topre switch , the mechanism use a spring shape like a cone , accord to the maker of the keyboard it allow a better feel and a longer lifespan . BTW , just because it be a mechanical keyboard do not mean it be a `` clicky '' keyboard , it be not , it be not much noisier than you stock keyboard , though if I have to describe the sound it be a bit lower -lrb- frequency wise -rrb- than one would expect , and it sound `` compress '' . this be obviously a very personal opinion , but I like it . as a quick reference , the Lite version be not mechanical , the electronics be not nearly as good and the plastic on the keycap be not any better than whatever keyboard come with you desktop computer , for the price the Lite be not all it be crack up to be and unless you be hook on the HHK 's layout there be certainly better option out there for about the same buck . I can not really rave enough about the HHK pro 2 , it be a wonderful keyboard load with feature and it ooze this feel of be a boutique keyboard . ... but man , that be a steep price tag !
683	Keyboard	NEG	1	I have purchase and return three of these keyboard in a desperate attempt to make this work out . the good part be the cushion wrist rest , which be why I really want this to work out . the bad part be ... . the spacebar be awful . hard to depress , sticky , just awful . why can they not split the spacebar into two key ? seem a simple solution for a terrible design . next be the `` y '' key , which seem to be just as bad as the spacebar , with exactly the same issue . I have a older version of this keyboard , and the key on the old keyboard be closer together , or for some reason , just easier to depress . the spacing of the key on this keyboard seem too large -lrb- ? -rrb- for my hand to get a good , comfortable pace . also , it be loud . the key be loud . loud enough to wake the dog . I be constantly look for way to type more `` quietly . '' I be so disappointed . I try to make it work . I buy three of these , only to subsequently return they . I spend hour and hour typing all day for work , and not be able to find a good ergonomic keyboard be most depressing .
744	Keyboard	NEG	1	take a gamble on this and lose ... shift key and space bar do not work out of the box so I be return . save yourself the headache and spring for a better keyboard .
791	Keyboard	POS	5	buy this to replace a illuminate wire keyboard I have for use with my htpc . love this keyboard . the instant on when it sens my hand be close to the board be a really nice feature . there have be time where the light will stay on , even though my hand be not near it , but that have be few and far between . Have have this for over a month now and have only charge it one time with a average daily use of about a hour\/hour and a half total per day . waf = 10 out of 10 .
869	Keyboard	NEG	2	I buy this because I have the -lrb- terrible -rrb- habit of eat while I use my laptop , since I be a university student and always use my laptop for study or entertainment , which basically describe my waking hour . I want to keep food and grease out of the key . it work pretty great for that purpose , but after a while I notice that my laptop be run WAY hotter than usual , at least twice the normal temperature , even when it be idle -lrb- it be almost hot enough to burn skin on contact -rrb- . I have hear that some of the intake for the cooling fan come from the keyboard , because of the Macbook pro 's unibody design . I think that must be true , because as soon as I remove the keyboard cover , the laptop cool back down , the cover , since it be translucent , also nullify the feature of keyboard backlight and cap lock light , so if you use those feature , avoid this product . also , the cover leave a gross sticky residue on the key that be really hard to get off , and it leave a imprint on the screen as well . if you have a specific reason you need to keep stuff off or out of you keyboard , this might be a good idea , but otherwise it be not worth it , and you should be careful that you laptop do not overheat while you be use this .
435	Keyboard	NEG	1	the key be label for Windows only . every time the Mac reboot , I have to re-identify the keyboard because the Mac do not recognize it . in addition , like most cheapo keyboard it have no extra usb port . the key be not that annoying , but they be annoying , especially if you move from keyboard to keyboard ; this one will always be the odd one out , with it be somewhat small and slant key . all in all , you would be much better off get a generic Windows keyboard at you local big box store . again : this should not be call Mac compatible , despite what be print on the box . I be simply glad I buy it at half its suggest retail price . this be the lowest rating I have ever give a product sell by Amazon .
984	Keyboard	POS	5	this be great for work . keyboard and mouse be a snap to install . work like a charm in a couple of minute . all hot-keys work well for the web . I can get rid of my `` wire '' remote control for my speaker . this be a great buy for anyone consider it . Worth every penny and good quality . Easy to use !!
211	Keyboard	POS	5	awesome deal ! I be a little leery about this , because of the price , -lrb- 1 cent -rrb- but I get it very promptly . and it look , feel great on my white Macbook . the font be the same , so its like it be a factory part . the only downfall , be the the black on the skin , be like a newspaper , and get on you finger , but its not that bad ... def not something to whine about ... great deal , awesome shipping and product , highly recommend !
184	Keyboard	POS	4	I use my keyboard most day for between 6 and 12 hour , sometimes longer , and this keyboard be the best that I have use on a computer . it give positive tactile feedback without be really click-y . it be quiet without the key be mushy . in short , it be a really good keyboard , and great for the money . I buy this one to replace my previous one -lrb- the cat dump my glass of water over it -rrb- , and after use another keyboard for a few month . the other keyboard never feel right or good ; this keyboard , conversely , just `` feel right . '' the initial natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 I purchase a few year ago replace the original putty-colored Microsoft Natural Keyboard I have use since 1996 . 10 year be about the most anyone can ask of a keyboard , but have I not want to change over to a native usb connection , I would likely still be use it . this keyboard be nearly perfect , save one annoyance : the space bar . there be instruction and video that describe re-bend the metal bar under the space bar to make it more even , which I think would help . all in all , I do not think you can go wrong with the natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 .
342	Keyboard	POS	5	my husband be a construction superintendent , and use a laptop on the job . this keyboard enable he to work more efficiently , and coffee spill and dirt do not phase it . every guy that see it want one !
24	Keyboard	NEG	2	hi the keyboard skin fit the key really well but it doesnt stick to the keyboard at all , so it need to be adjust again and again and secondly the skin block all the light that come from the key . in all not advisable to be use .
666	Keyboard	NEG	2	the hardware provide by the revue be actually pretty good . unfortunately it have to run GoogleTV . I love google , I love the idea , but it can not be customize and there be very little customization you can do for you user experience . I keep look online and try to find way to make it more user friendly , but it be just not there . overall though , the hardware be pretty good and if they ever do upgrade the software , this could be a excellent deal at only $ 99 . since the much promise upgrade have not come yet , I would be very cautious about purchase this product until then -lrb- in case it be not able to be update to this platform -rrb- . biggest downside : Netflix have bug and be know to only work about half the time . I have experience this and it be incredibly frustrating since about every other recent less smart platform can do this with good user experience . a Netflix box be the whole reason I buy this as a bridge to help Google figure out how to really do GoogleTV which have not happen yet . biggest upside : I like the keyboard remote , it be easy to configure and be nice to control multiple appliance . it do have a full keyboard though that be probably not for everyone . however , if you be not oppose to it , then it work very well and I love have a nice sleek and very functional keyboard ! Bottom Line : this be a good interface and a lot of potential . however , until they figure out more app then this really be a slow web browser on a tv .
796	Keyboard	NEG	1	I buy this intentionally to match my Mac laptop hard case , and the picture be exactly the same color to get this product to find out its seafood green ... not this blue .
199	Keyboard	NEG	2	the keyboard look pretty good . the light keyboard have a nice consistent blue `` glow '' on each key . type on it be not great . several key much be strike dead on for they to function properly - they do not stick , but they be not smooth when strike from the side or with a glance blow . there be also a texture to the key that I find distracting . if you lightly rub you finger across the keyboard , it feel like lot of micro ridge .
911	Keyboard	POS	5	quick delivery . easy to install . a perfect fit for my Inspiron 1545 . it be almost as if I buy a new laptop . and most of all a incredibly low price . note : before I buy this keyboard I be so aggravate I almost throw my $ 800 laptop away .
85	Keyboard	POS	5	I be really impress by this thing . almost to the point that I feel bad for the manufacturer . they put a lot of think into this product , and from what I can tell , hope to sell it for $ 80 or so . but it be probably just not in very high demand , so I feel like I get a great deal at $ 30 . so basically , it be just exactly what it say . you plug a tiny little usb dongle into a computer , turn on the remote keyboard and away you go . I kind of prefer use it compare to my new netbook keyboard . here 's why I say it be thoughtful design : 1 -rrb- the plug stow neatly inside the device when not in use -lrb- maybe you carry it around for presentation -rrb- . I be worry when I see one of the user submit picture , it look like the plug or a antenna stick out of the device . it do not . 2 -rrb- the keyboard have a backlight . very nice if you use it in the dark . 3 -rrb- you can -lrb- logically -rrb- turn the trackpad 90 degree . so you can hold the device vertically if you be just do mouse work . 4 -rrb- the supply usb charge cable do not consume a usb slot . how ? it split off a mini-usb plug from male-female usb cord . so the cord just extend the usb port of the computer , while also give a mini-usb charge point . 5 -rrb- it have a laser . I mean , why not ? it just really feel like they think this thing through . -lrb- the poorly translate chinese be hilarious though . fortunately , there be no real need for direction . -rrb- the only flaw be that it feel light in you hand , and that be a strange thing to complain about .
648	Keyboard	POS	5	when my 3-year old Microsoft wireless keyboard bit the dust last week , I have to briefly use a spare , straight , non-ergonomic keyboard and it feel awful . what a relief when I get the Logitech keyboard in the mail yesterday ! very comfortable to type on , fit my keyboard tray just right , feel better to type on than the Microsoft keyboard do . and the laser mouse that come with it in this combo package also be a pleasure to use . the keyboard have a lot of functional capability that I probably will not use , but that be just icing on the cake . the comfort , for I , be the best feature of this keyboard . this be a excellent choice , if I do say so myself .
60	Keyboard	NEG	2	during first-time setup the revue install the 3.1 Honeycomb update in around 20 minute . yes , the media player be seriously lack . I mean , it do not even support external subtitle . my 3.5 year old wdtv be infinitely better at play file from usb drive . for online video , I be almost happy with the revue , but then I try to play a full episode of Conan from teamcoco.com and the shockwave plug-in keep on crash . I try the same video on my laptop and they play flawlessly . the android market sound good , but so far all the app for the revue be really worthless . I return the revue since it can not replace my WDTV and it do not reliably play online video -lrb- other than YouTube -rrb- .
47	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard have work wonderfully for I so far . like some other review I have see , I wish you have more choice when it come to the color , you really only get red , blue and purple , of vary brightness . the gaming mode be great , I have die many time accidentally click the window key , and that be no longer a issue . the software that come with it be quick and easy to install . I have see people say that they have have trouble with certain key not work everytime , however I have not have the issue once . overall I give it a 4 star review only because I wish there be more color option .
328	Keyboard	NEG	1	pick this up at a local store on the cheap . I read other reviewer complain about it looking\/feeling cheap . Umm ... it \* be \* cheap . all I want be a simple , usb keyboard with more action in the key than my current 10-year old keyboard . I look at the key location closely ... but not close enough . I get it all the way home and start write a letter before I realize that the bozo that design this keyboard take the `` pipe '' and `` backslash '' key -lrb- meaning '' | '' and '' \ '' -rrb- which be usually to the left of the `` right-shift '' button , and jam it between the backspace key and the + \/ = key . my question to the designer be ... why ???? you elongate the right-shift key to fill the space leave by remove the '' | '' and \ key , and you shorten the backspace key by half -lrb- put in the `` wrong '' place for touch typer -rrb- in order to jam the same '' | '' and \ key between the backspace and the + \/ = key . I love the feel and the price of the keyboard . everything else be just perfect -lrb- yeah , it be cheap construction ... but the price be cheap as well -rrb- . I do not get it . I be take this keyboard back immediately . oh , and as for those who might not care about the backspace key , if you plan on use this keyboard for gaming , then I also have to agree with the other reviewer that you will probably be better serve by one that be a bit more `` rugged '' . this keyboard will not stand up to any abuse from the look of it . the biggest problem I can cite -lrb- as other reviewer have as well -rrb- be that the cable be ridiculously thin and no doubt fragile . I doubt it be reinforce at the connector or keyboard end at all . for a cheap keyboard , it would have work well ... if the key have be in the correct location .
559	Keyboard	NEG	1	be I nut , or what ? be I the only reviewer who notice that this keyboard have a enormous gap where you left hand should fit ? you a-s-d finger fit just fine , but you have to s-t-r-e-t-c-h you f finger across this gap to reach the f , r and c key .  also the shift key on the right side of the keyboard be across another ENORMOUS gap , so you can not reach it automatically as you type .  if you hunt-and-peck , fine . but if you want to type rapidly , forget about it !  g.
598	Keyboard	NEG	1	this work fine for a few week , now it miss keystroke , the mouse `` hang '' on the screen and it be unusable . the only way it `` kinda '' work be with a usb extension cable and the receiver about 2 '' away from the keyboard , even then it be hit and miss . look on the logitech forum , this be happen with a bunch of people and there be no fix .
50	Keyboard	NEG	1	I do not like this product . the keyboard function do not work consistency . the pointer do not work .
776	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard work wonderfully with my ipad 2 and I have have little difficulty with it . yes , it be cheap and obviously not as durable as the official Apple one , but you be pay a fraction of the price - what do you expect ? if you be nice to it , it will serve you a nice , long time and it will work . very , very rarely , the connection will cut in and out , result in about ten seconds where you can not use it . but it resolve itself and , like I say , it be a rare occurrence . the range on the keyboard seem to vary . sometimes I can use it across the room , other time I can not bring it more than six foot away . but it do not really matter , because I almost always use it near my ipad . other than its relatively cheap design , there be nothing bad to say about this keyboard . it be a steal at its current price of $ 17ish dollar .
323	Keyboard	POS	5	I love my mac book and i treat it well . this help keep my keypad clean and it add a fun color pop as well . I like it so much i end up get another color ... for fun !
859	Keyboard	POS	4	I be skeptical at first not get the $ 24.99 iskin keyboard cover . however for the price I do not mind spend the $ 2.98 to see what I would get . I like that the key be black and the keyboard be still illuminate . I be satisfied with it and do the job of protect the keyboard .
40	Keyboard	NEG	2	the keyboard be very temperamental from the day i open it the mouse jump everywhere . if you click on either mouse button it either open multiple tab or something completely different .
566	Keyboard	POS	5	how can you beat the price first of all ? and it protect it from dust and crumb . I love when I type in class , it be very quiet compare to the person next to I with they pc -lrb- they should get something like this as well for pc -rrb- . anyways , I recommend this to MacBook pro Users .
833	Keyboard	NEG	1	okay the keyboard be overall fantastic . type like a dream as far as comfort and speed . the additional macro button and function key be a big help as well . however , and this be a big however , I have have a terrible experience so far with razer 's quality control as far as these board be concern . about a week ago the -lrb- leave ctrl -rrb- key on my several day old Razer Blackwidow -lrb- the standard edition , not the ultimate -rrb- just stop work , with no explanation whatsoever , so I swap it out for a old lycosa which I have be use before while I wait for my replacement to arrive -lrb- decide to upgrade to a ultimate from the standard because I want a backlight to help I type in the dark when I game at night -rrb- . so my new board arrive , and I discover shortly after unbox it that it have a second -lrb- t -rrb- key where the -lrb- y -rrb- key should be ... keep in mind that this the second issue I have have in less than a week , with they highest quality board , no less . LONG STORY SHORT , great BOARD , BUT be ready if razer 's quality CONTROL SCREWS you over !
293	Keyboard	POS	5	Works really well on the PS3 and my computer , have not try it on my phone because I do not really need a external keyboard for that . the only real problem I have have with it be if I connect it to my pc then I have to re-register it on my PS3
903	Keyboard	POS	5	this case be lightweight and easily snap together to the ipad to protect it . it be ready then to use with the built-in display holder , which give you 3 different angle for view . the case be texture for a positive grip . on initial use , the keyboard feel small , but of course it need to be as compact as the design of the iPad . I soon become comfortable use it and of course I enjoy the capability of have such a handy compact keyboard to use on the go . no one like lug around a heavy laptop , and this virtually turn you ipad into a laptop , only much smaller and lighter ! to wake the ipad from sleep , you can tap the keyboard and it be ready to go again . the keyboard have several ipad function assign to key . Speaker control key , play function for music , copy , paste , cut , lock the ipad and more - all from this little keyboard ! it be also possible to use another case and still utilize the keyboard . you would have to carry it separately though . if you use a keyboard a lot , you will want to keep everything together in the New Trent Bluetooth wireless keyboard kit . this case keep it all assemble in one package for ready use .
397	Keyboard	NEG	2	as mention , the layout of the keyboard be great ... it be comfortable , have most the shortcut 's I would want , however it be design for Media Center , and Media Center only . no ie\/internet shortcut be present , which in my opinion be a bad design . everyone that have a Media Center PC , also have Windows xp `` professional '' , which could use those short-cut . my largest gripe about this product be the mouse . why Microsoft make you press downward , in addition to the direction of the mouse be beyond I . we have have it about a month now , and despite other user say it get better with time , ours have not . I be expect a laptop-like fingermouse , and that be not what this keyboard have .
139	Keyboard	POS	5	title say it all . the key on the keyboard feel extremely good . they give off a satisfy `` click '' -lrb- perhaps that be not the best word to describe the sound -rrb- when they be push . some people might not like the noise . but I do . the mouse be also pretty good . I prefer my mouse to be `` thicker '' though .
873	Keyboard	NEG	1	the quality -lrb- as in sturdiness -rrb- of this product seem fine . what be not obvious in the description be that to use it require -lrb- for all practical purpose -rrb- that you modify the usefulness of you chair . the HUGE hard plastic piece that you bolt onto each arm of the chair transform what have be a comfortable chair into a horribly uncomfortable chair . if you armrest be at all padded , you 'll now be elbow down on a totally non-flexible hard plastic surface that be a few inch higher than you have . another non-obvious drawback be the unfortunate fact that you `` work surface '' just sit atop the hard plastic replacement -lrb- when open forward . -rrb- I suffer through three day of this thing before remove it and boxing it up . if I would keep all of the `` original '' packaging , I would return this piece of junk . the other curiously unfortunate feature be that the work surface be not flat -- at all . I use a Apple wireless keyboard and Magic Trackpad . the keyboard -lrb- which be wonderfully small -rrb- rock back and forth as you type . there be not any `` sweet spot '' on this thing that allow all four corner to be in the same plane . in my opinion , this product be a major failure on several level . I most definitely would advise against it ; especially if personal comfort be even slightly important to you .
87	Keyboard	NEG	2	the silicone keyboard cover do not let the backlit key show through , and while it do protect the keyboard from dust , it make typing somewhat awkward . if you like the crisp feel of the keyboard on you macbook pro , do not bother with this .
557	Keyboard	POS	5	I order this MacBook case on a Saturday , and it be in my mailbox on Monday !!! the case fit perfect on my MacBook 13 '' !!! very impressed !! thanks again , no reservation for do business in the future : -rrb-
125	Keyboard	NEG	1	it just work for couple of hour and then break with follow error . sorry process System be not respond ! \* Force Close \* wait \* Report I have try re-start google tv many time , but it be not work at all . it be like this since last two day . I be go to return this product .
188	Keyboard	POS	5	wow ! I wish I buy this sooner ! I spill Pepsi on my old HP OEM wireless keyboard , and it go on the fritz . I could not get a exact replacement so I buy the mk520 combo . it be really great !!! get one !!!
562	Keyboard	NEG	1	it never work . I could never get it to charge and then turn on . terrible would not purchase another one .
733	Keyboard	NEG	1	I be still wait for this product , I can not believe it !!! I never get it !! I know it be ship from China but 4 month be way to much !!
295	Keyboard	NEG	1	sadly do not fit my 13inch Macbook that I buy about 3 year ago . I must have misread the information ... so I return it . look like it be suppose to fit a Macbook pro . the free keyboard skin be awesome though ! for the 2 seconds I use it anyway . but it be a great cover , just not for 13inch Macbooks .
155	Keyboard	NEG	2	I like the keyboard on the zaggmate case , but it have be impossible to keep the case shut . I have have numerous people try , but no one can figure it out . I be very disappointed for pay $ 99 dollar . I -lrb- be wonder if they send I the case for ipad 1 instead of case for ipad 2 .
185	Keyboard	POS	5	awesome product . have it for about 4 or so now and work fanatastic . no issue and no negative either . they hv provide two usb connection so u can hv the connection point visible or almost invisible ... great idea !
843	Keyboard	NEG	2	I have be look for a new keyboard for a long time . I figure it be time to try out this particular model . YUCK ! . I could hardly type on it , and some button require that extra oz . of pressure to type . it be un-usually bad ! I therefore decide to take a trip to a local electronics giant and see what they have on display . my finding be that most keyboard now do not have the tactile feedback we be use to , they be however more quiet and soft to the touch . that be say , I find the Microsoft Wireless Desktop 3000 with the Blue Trac mouse to be a better feel and it be easier to type . it have be order and will hopefully arrive tomorrow as a replacement . 2 star on this one , a new review of the 3000 in a few day .
644	Keyboard	POS	5	Great little keyboard in the style of a Mac keyboard . small footprint allow the user to place the mouse in a better position . I have extreme right shoulder pain for a month before I realize it be from my work mouse be too far away from I -- it be outside a massively wide keyboard that force my arm into a uncomfortable angle to maneuver my mouse . within a week of get this little keyboard -lrb- along with the  wow pen Joy Vertical Ergonomic Optical Mouse Black by Ergoguys  a great added plus to this keyboard be that it include a little ` delete ' key -lrb- different from a ` backspace ' key -rrb- in the top right hand corner -- something I really miss on my wireless Mac keyboard at home . it be right where the ` eject ' button would be on the Mac . I use it all the time , and wish that the Mac have one too . this be a great keyboard and I highly recommend it . it could only be better if it be wireless ... but for the price and the benefit I have get from it , I just can not complain . I even decide not to turn in the receipt to my boss -- I buy it myself so I could take it with I if I leave ! ; - -rrb-
298	Keyboard	POS	4	I open this up from its nice packaging and notice when it be close it feel a lot like a little net book . I be very happy initially , but when I go to open the clam shell the first thing I notice be the lid seem cheap and flimsy . I almost feel like I be break it when I open it , but it open fine . I could sure see the plastic hinge break on this lid . the keyboard and bottom of the case be very nice , it feel sturdy , have some nice rubber foot on it to prevent slide . the key on the keyboard be raise enough that its easy to type on they , which be a plus . I use my new ipad 3rd gen and place it in the lid and notice right away again the lid be a issue , the ipad do not feel secure in it , and with the weight the keyboard semus lift up off the ground like its to much back weight . this can be adjust by slide the back out further away from the base to compensate . in fact the whole lid itself that house the ipad can come unattached from the base and you can move the keyboard wherever you want for ease of typing . the pairing process be easy , simply power on the keyboard , and press the connect button , go into the ipad bluetooth setting and select the keyboard , it then prompt you to enter a access code on the keyboard to connect and there you go . the keyboard have a a on and off switch and a lot of hot key for the iPad , for instance one touch home screen , brightness , camera , virtual keyboard , search , and volume control . these all work well when test . when folding the case up with the ipad in the lid , it do not quite feel closed all the way but close . again this go to the fact that my ipad do not feel safe and secure 100 % in this case . there be opening in the lid where they need to be for the camera , and speaker so nothing be obstruct when in the case . the lid do a unique swivel so you can have the iPad vertical or horizontal which be nice . overall the case work , I only give it four star because the lid need some work , it just feel cheap , do not house the ipad securely enough for I , and be so light with the add ipad weight it kind of throw the whole thing out of balance unless you adjust it just right . I just want a little more out of the lid and the secureness of my ipad investment . everything else work great , and its a unique design that work . I like how it feel like a netbook when seal up also . I have carry a netbook around for year and this just feel right . for the price this be a good keyboard for you ipad compare to other out there cost a lot more . I think the top two to beat be the Zag Folio , and the Kensington one , but those be a little more pricey . if you want to stay under the $ 60 mark and have a nice keyboard combo this work .
330	Keyboard	NEG	2	this be a replacement keyboard . best one I have find yet and will keep use it until I can not replace it anymore .
461	Keyboard	NEG	1	I brood on buy the virtually indestructible keyboard for several month . all the review I read tell I not to do it , but I do anyway . so why should not you buy this keyboard ? simply put , the key touch response be horrible . you can not fly over the key like you do with a normal keyboard , because they require a lot of pressure to input the letter you be typing . second , the key be lay out strangely . for instance , the spacebar be actually two key instead of one long , thin bar . so if you hit the middle of you spacebar by habit , you thumb will land in-between the two . also , the backspace button be the size of a normal letter key , which make it difficult to reach when touch typing . it be just very poorly design and not useful to anyone who type by touch . however , the illumination be pretty neat , and it do roll up as describe . I be hope it would work out for I so I could wipe it off when I spill a soda or drop a crumb in-between the key ... but this be not my solution , unfortunately . I can only recommend this keyboard to someone who be a `` hunt and peck '' kind of user , since they will probably be able to focus enough pressure on the key that the stiff input will not affect they typing style . for the speed typer , someone who use they computer nearly all day every day , stay far away .
904	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard its perfect , the size and location for everything its great , i just love it , its like it be make for I
486	Keyboard	POS	4	i spend my entire workday in front of my computer so naturally i need something more comfortable than the stock keyboard that be give to I by my empolyer . i use a natural pro at home and be very happy with it . the natural multimedia have a similar look , but feel very different . the keystroke be a lot smoother , almost feel spongy . the extra multimedia button on the top ... i do not use they . oh yeah , and the keyboard be noticibly heavier and take up more space than a stock keyboard ... there be two main thing that really annoy I : the function key -lrb- f1-f12 -rrb- have be replace by m$ with shortcut for thing like help , undo , redo , open , close , reply , fwd , send , spell , save , print . you can still use the f-key , but you have to press the flock button first . annoy . also , there be a oversized delete button -- it sit where the insert button and a normal size delete button sit .
12	Keyboard	NEG	1	do yourself a favor and save yourself the 90 + dollar . this thing be a flimsy , cheap plastic piece of junk that rely on the pressure of two plastic piece , compress together to keep itself attach to you chair . I be very excite to try this out , since I renovate my office a bit and remove my formal desk , and now need a place to rest my kbd and mouse . talk about depressing . the box it come in have better production value . first , the keyboard tray be completely separate from the rest of the mount item , so at any second the thing be bump , jiggle , or downright fall off during normal movement . not to mention it be literally a black piece of plastic no better or bigger than the smallest , cheapest cut board you could buy for you kitchen . next , the armrest mount , when mount evenly have a little piece that fit inside in order to adjust for the curve of you chair armrest . this piece will fall out with hardly any provocation . also , the bracket that hold the front and back in place be do so with screw - that 's right - it be not like they be adjustable , smooth piece that snap into place like you would expect - you literally have to take these small rough edge bracket and screw they into the bottom of the armrest cover . and because you be simply hold they in place with pressure - guess what - any bump against the back of the armrest cover and the whole thing slide forward dump everything in the floor . oh and do I mention that if you use this on a chair with a wood frame you just scratch the hell out of the wood ? yea - you do . additionally , the armrest sit in so far that unless you have a super-sized chair base , or be anorexic , you can expect to not be able to spread out , or sit as comfortably as you like , or on some chair , literally have this thing dig into you . I could see where you basic , run of the mill , 30 dollar office chair with a short back and tiny armrest would probably do ok with this thing -lrb- but then , why would you need it since you would probably have a desk to go with that kind of chair -rrb- , but for 90 dollar - I mean really - 90 buck ?? - you would be better off get one of those laptop station with the beanbag bottom that fit in you lap for half the price . I literally put this thing on three different chair , test each one for a full hour or so of normal operation , and throw it back in the box . mobo should be ashamed of themselves for put such a price tag of this crap . this be not worth it , but spend you money how you want .
140	Keyboard	POS	5	no complaint . I replace my wire keyboard and wire mouse with this set , and I can see no difference in reaction time , which be a good thing . I just plug in the blue tooth device into the usb port on my HP minus and both the keyboard and mouse start work immediately with no software to download . I move the keyboard all over my desk and it work from every location I have try , which would be up to about 4 foot away . both the mouse and keyboard respond immediately to my action . I do not know what else to say . it work .
501	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard have prove so far to be a real solid keyboard ! the backlighting COULD be a little brighter , and the key be a little stiff , but overall it be good quality . if you be plan on buy it , I have read where people be have problem with not be able to boot the computer if this keyboard be plug in . read a little more and find that you have to update you bio . I do before it be even deliver , and I have not experience any problem .
522	Keyboard	NEG	2	for the 2 month that it work , it be better than other minus keyboard\/trackball combo that I have try -lrb- but that be not say much at all , since they be almost all terrible -rrb- . one thing I like most about this over other be that it rarely need to be resynch . the trackball work pretty well for be so tiny , and the mouse buttons\/scroll wheel be nice . but today , after use the keyboard for probably only 5-15 minute per week over the last couple of month , it have go haywire . press most key on the keyboard now result in the keyboard send multiple keystroke to the computer . for example , the `` g '' key send `` gv '' . I be past the Amazon 30-day guarantee , so I 'll have to try to deal with the manufacturer Adesso .
969	Keyboard	POS	5	order one of these keyboard and a vertical mouse to address some wrist soreness I be have at work . like this one so much , I get another one for home .
752	Keyboard	NEG	2	the mouse do not work well on most surface . unlike the usual laser mouse the mouse do not use the same laser mouse of the very resent past have . Logitech call it a `` performance laser '' its anything but when use anything but a perfect surface . I get a wireless mouse and keyboard so I can toss it around the living room and use my big screen as my monitor . . with this mouse I get frustrate with it not do as it should and what older mouse would do . to be more precise ... the now familiar red laser be not visible anymore . . and the hole for the tracker be not in the middle like standard mouse . . so you have to keep the right edge as close to the material you use to slide the mouse over ... if this be the future of the mouse ... I want the little ball in the middle back ... I can deal with clean out all the junk the ol ball and bar system accumulate but this new laser thing be a constant problem . . I also find myself hit the insert key when go for the backspace key ... Annoying ... I know you can fix that I think but Logitech do not make it a easy thing to do ... also the software take a very long time to load make I think Logitech be get a little to invasive when install . .
339	Keyboard	NEG	1	read all the negative review about this product before you make a final decision and trust I , they be all true . once the usb connection in one go out I make the horrible mistake and buy another one . another $ 100 down the drain . that one do the same thing . when I contact the company -lrb- who be located abut 5 mile from my home -rrb- they give I the run around . they website indicate that you can get a ` replacement ' keyboard but they block you from complete the transaction on they site to get it . so , learn from my lesson . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT . I only give this item 1 star because it would not let I post this review without select something . I do not think it even deserve the one star .
239	Keyboard	NEG	1	I have develop pain in my hand , mostly my thumb from excessive keyboarding and probably some arthritis . I order this keyboard with hope of improve my condition . I wish I have read the negative review closer . while there be many feature that be good and the general feel of the keyboard be comfortable , the space bar be a deal breaker for I . my thumb be already so sore , have to press the space bar so hard make my condition even worse ! sorry , but I will be return it .
53	Keyboard	POS	4	recently my wife want to go cordless on she desktop . I pass on my Logitech MX3200 keyboard and mx600 mouse combo , I have use this combo for a few year and be quite happy with it . so far the new mk700-m705 combo have be great . mk700 keyboard be quieter than my previous mx3200 and I like the look and touch of the key . I be a 2 finger peck typer so anything a real typist would find useful I can not comment on . there be a few feature on the mx3200 that the mk700 lack but for my use it be very adequate . the quick scrool feature on the m705 mouse I find very nice and overall I like the mouse also . the one point of the m705 mouse that I find lack be that the side forward and back button be not stick out as far as I would like and I have to search a little to find they where the same button on the mx600 be easier to locate . overall I be happy with the combo . also the looooong rate battery life be a plus if it prove to be true .
721	Keyboard	NEG	2	while the case secure the laptop nicely and look well build the integrate keyboard fail within a week of purchase with less than 2 hour use .
775	Keyboard	POS	4	for what it cost -lrb- and from Logitech -rrb- , this keyboard be awesome . I just switch over from use wire keyboard all my life , and I be fairly impress by this thing - it be size , it be weight , the freedom of movement it afford . the one and only complaint I have be that sometimes the radio connection seem to lag - I type in word , and they do not show up on the screen until several seconds later . this be rare , but it pop up here and there . you might want to give this second thought if you be into real-time online gaming .
957	Keyboard	NEG	1	I buy this keyboard about two week ago . I have so many problem with it during that time that I finally give up and return it for refund . this be the first Logitech equipment that I have ever have so many problem with . in my home we have six keyboard altogether -lrb- some of they actively use , other on a shelf -rrb- . of we six keyboard , five of they be Logitech keyboard . as I type this review , I be use a Logitech keyboard , a `` old-fashioned '' cord keyboard with the key in a straight line -lrb- with a `` old-fashioned '' Logitech cord mouse -rrb- . \*\* it work better than the keyboard that be the subject of this review . \*\* the initial , original , start installation of the WAVE keyboard and accompany mouse take hour ! the software -lrb- `` setpoint '' -rrb- be probably very sophisticated -lrb- 24 meg ? I should hope so ! -rrb- but I 'll never know for sure . I get it run and I could use the keyboard and the mouse , but the full installation of the latest revision of the Setpoint software be never accomplish . so I try to update the program . the Logitech website insist on present they 64-bit update no matter how many time I check off the 32-bit update choice . then , click on the DOWNLOAD button on Logitech 's site produce nothing . no response . Zero . zip . then I go to another download site -lrb- `` Hippo '' -rrb- and download the proper update . then I attempt to install it and finally succeed after several try . then I try to run Setpoint . it refuse to run , state that a `` essential '' file `` khalwraper . dll '' be corrupt and therefore the INSTALL COULD NOT CONTINUE . I do a search on the net and learn that `` khalwraper . dll '' be a virus of some kind , affect the registry . then I use another program to clean my registry . setpoint still would not run , again make the statement that that essential file `` khalwraper . dll '' be corrupt . then I call customer service . I spend a lot of time in discussion , and I mention and name and slowly spell out the letter of the offend file , `` khalwraper . dll . '' the technician instruct I to uninstall Setpoint , use the Windows Control Panel option to do so . I do , and that be when I finally lose my patience ! the uninstallation of Setpoint leave I with no mouse at all ! -lrb- have you ever try to run Windows without a mouse , use keyboard command only ... ? -rrb- after a lot of waste time , I manage to shut down the computer , pull out all the Logitech Wave component and replace those component with this old-fashioned , non-wireless , non-ergonomic dinosaur . this old dinosaur work , at least . I pack up the Wave , return it to Amazon for refund . now I 'll try to upgrade my dinosaur . again . some word of warn about ` ergonomic ' : the word , `` ergonomic '' do not have a consistent meaning when use to describe keyboard , in my opinion . I find that the most common meaning of `` ergonomic '' in this context be a keyboard that be flat -lrb- that be , no \* wave \* in the height of the key -rrb- but with a curve to the key ' layout , a convex curve from the typist 's viewpoint . the word , `` ergonomic keyboard '' sometimes exclude the so-called `` split '' keyboard in which the keyboard key be separate into two non-curved half , one for left hand , one for right hand . sometimes these half be on the same chassis , sometimes not . be careful when choose a `` ergonomic '' keyboard and\/or mouse . what you need and what you actually buy may not `` match . '' some word of warn about wireless keyboards\/mice : if you wish to upgrade you keyboard and\/or mouse , think carefully about what you want to change and why . if you use a desktop computer and only a desktop computer , think carefully about you need for wireless device . how could use a wireless keyboard enhance you work on you desktop computer ? do you really need the freedom to move the keyboard all over the room ? what be the point ? on the other hand , a wireless mouse \*\* might \*\* be useful if you cord mouse get its tail tangle in the paperwork or other debris on you desk . think carefully ! maybe a cord keyboard with a cordless mouse be the answer . do not go wireless unless you must ! for those of you who use a laptop computer in a desktop environment , you need be different . think carefully . decide . and when you have , look around and buy \*\* exactly \*\* what you need , no less , and \*\* no more . \*\* if you can not find wireless device which meet you need , look harder ! cord device be available ! and , in the long run , I do recommend Logitech .
491	Keyboard	POS	5	this product be a gift from the heaven , it work with anytype of computer\/server . the keyboard be the perfect size , key be quiet and space correctly . the touchpad be very sensitive even after adjustment in system utility . the left mouse button be very touchy , while move icon or file it seem to release on it be own . very frustrate at time . other than that the signal it produce alow you to work more than 30 ' multi-media button be perfect location for the keyboard . give the keyboard more functionality during quick surffing or use the keyboard with a media server . -- keyboard Heaven
116	Keyboard	POS	5	fit the macbook easily . a little hard to put on at first , but after it be on , it be very good . still fit in the sleeve I buy for my macbook . -lrb- I be worry it would make the laptop too big . -rrb-
38	Keyboard	NEG	1	I be go to write a semi-humorous review of this at the point that only 5-10 key be break , but at this point , I can only find 3-4 key that still work . it look absolutely wonderful in the dark , but it be difficult to use unless you have a hard , flat surface to put it on , and in less than a week of operation , I be ready to drop it in the trash -- not worth my time or postage to return it . get a Logitech wireless instead .
747	Keyboard	NEG	2	I have lose the cord that connect the Kindle to the charge source and need a replacement cord . it seem to I that this ` usb car charger ' , usb Wall\/Travel charger ' be just what I need . admittedly I be not careful to read what be include in this package when I place my order . when I receive the shipment today -lrb- outstanding service as always -rrb- each of the describe item be include in the package , HOWEVER , they be pretty much useless without the connect cord . the cost for the delivery charge equal the item charge , so return the order be not practical . yes , I will be more careful next time , but I do think the description should have indicate that no cable be include in this so-called ` kindle charge ' package . kmf
210	Keyboard	NEG	2	I be a bassist , guitarist , and vocalist working on my own project .  i do not have the money to throw into a Korg , Kurzweil , Roland , or Yamaha board . all I need a keyboard\/synth for be drum sound and some keyboard\/synth fill in . at first , this seem like the model for I . .  the touch sensitivity be nice . . most of the sound be pretty decent , if not you can make all sort of adjustment to just about anything for any tone ... except the ` raindrop ' tone , a common favorite on most keyboards\/synths . . the raindrop tone for the Casio be a cheesy video game sound effect .  otherwise , the sound and sound possibility be surprisingly decent .  that be where the good review end . 6 song be not a lot of storage if you actually plan to compose with this thing . . no floppy . however you can save song to you comp , and load song from you comp to the keyboard . . if you have a good laptop and want to take it everywhere the keyboard go , then this be not as much of a concern .  do not buy it if you plan to use it with cakewalk . . Casio do not provide the . in -lrb- instrument definition -rrb- file for it , and the manual be useless for create you own . it work terribly with cakewalk -lrb- and I would imagine other MIDI device -rrb- for this reason .  if you just want to play , and never record anything , then this be the instrument for you , otherwise , go for something a bit more expensive . do not go Casio though . . at present there be little to no . in file for Casio board anywhere on the web .  also , it be certainly not a instrument to take on the road , partly for the limited storage , partly for its innability to interact with other MIDI device to the extent it could and should be able to , and partly because it be very lightweight and flimsy , do not sneeze in its direction . .  . . look at the price , ask yourself if you can wait a while longer and buy something that be even just a little bit more expensive . . such as a Yamaha for a hundred or two more .  if you think it will help you on you home project ... not unless you want to record and flatten to analog from track to track , or program everything into the keyboard and record analog .
621	Keyboard	POS	5	buy this cover originally for my new white macbook , but 2 day later trade the macbook for the macbook pro . I receive the package in the mail 4 day after I order , super fast delivery . this cover fit perfectly for the macbook and the macbook pro . I really love that the light beneath the keyboard be still able to show through the cover , great for typing in dark area . it take a little get use to typing on it , but I have already get use to it . the more you use it , the more it mold to you keyboard and the easier it be to type . for the money , this be a excellent buy and much better quality than the keyboard cover you may find at a electronic store which be way more expensive . look great , feel great , great price ! you can not go wrong !
466	Keyboard	NEG	1	the good the bad and the terrible terrible terriblerrrr how bad can it get . I try to even use one of the ac charger to charge a kindle . duh guess what doc it no workey no how no way no play . I mean it just suck the little lite glow nice and bright but it do not put out or in any juice . the sucker just sit there and do nada . NADA dang I hate it when it do that . what ya mean DA Bird Goose yes we know the BIRD GOOSE !! ok that be almost as good as cross you leg with no o ok that be another blonde in a movie right . just another tookas right ?? so some bad stuff . I have so far get nothing to work out of the whole order cept maybe my finger on the key to say nothing work . they take way to long and then do not send you what the show on the Page . the plug in item be not what you get , I be not sure they will even work right , dray I try to contact they and can not do that either . not again . never
803	Keyboard	NEG	1	the keyboard be too small and difficult to navigate . it be very difficult to see the light key because they be dim . I do not think that anyone will be please with this item .
755	Keyboard	NEG	2	buy this for my MacBook -lrb- aluminum body -rrb- and realize a number of problem with this product . it be incredibly thin and flimsy . those be actually its BETTER attribute . I would not want a product for my keyboard that bulky ... but it be so thin and flimsy that it do not stay in place . rather than be just slightly larger than the actual button -lrb- so the cover stay on snugly -rrb- everything be just slightly smaller , so no matter how many way you adjust it , it will not sit properly over the key . speak of key . the key on the MacBook be design to allow heat to dissipate when you be use the computer . when this cover be on the keyboard it trap the heat in . it be a nice idea , but a lousy product .
94	Keyboard	POS	5	this fit beautifully on my keyboard and be very comfortable . the color fade from purple to pink very quickly , which be disappointing , but the overall quality remain high .
731	Keyboard	NEG	2	I think keyboard come in standard size key ! I can type 85 word a minute on any other keyboard but , not this one . the shift key , one of the most important , have shrink along with my typing speed because of this . the only thing good about this keyboard be the pretty little light .
20	Keyboard	NEG	1	Bluetooth stop pick up frequently , and this thing eat battery . use 4 aa battery which last about 2 week .
606	Keyboard	POS	5	great buy . small and rechargable , single charge last I 3 day and countimg with moderate use . and i think it be pretty nifty for it to have a lazer pointer , i must have miss that in te description . all in all great product , even usimg it now .
368	Keyboard	POS	5	this product be great for 1.00 u cant go wrong only thing tha i dont like about it be the feel feel like silky . .
456	Keyboard	NEG	1	the piece that hold the palm to the keyboard fall apart - little metal and plastic bit everywhere . it be impossible to put back together . I have not mistreat or mishandle it , it be just very fragile . -lrb- in fact , I wish I have do something bad to it - I would feel better . -rrb- I do not recommend that you buy this keyboard .
550	Keyboard	NEG	1	one key pop off keyboard as it come out of the box . no blue light to indicate charge unless I hold the adapter the whole time . have see this charge complaint by other . have write to Zagg to report the problem . have have a bad experience myself , I know another person who be very happy with he Zaggmate and take it everywhere . feel like I get a lemon . Hope Zagg can help I . disappoint so far .
484	Keyboard	NEG	1	it be a very nice keyboard but some of the key dont work right . the company be great as far as give I another one but this one have problem too . I do not want to be a bother so I have not say anything about the replacement be mess up too .
181	Keyboard	NEG	2	every app run slow . there be probably a 10 seconds delay on just about everything . Netflix constantly fail . web page constantly get the `` oh snap . . '' message and require a page reload . I also do not have a cable box -lrb- direct coax connect -rrb- which knock out a whole bunch of feature and integration with broadcast television . in its current state my wife and I will not even use it . all my other home network component work fine . Logitech seem to have give up on this device but I hope Google update it soon .
89	Keyboard	POS	4	this be great keyboard . Works well and have a decent range . I be use the keyboard with ubuntu . it fire right up . Logitech do not support Ubntu so do not expect all the bell and whistle . the only thing that be miss be the ability to tilt up . a feature that come on just about every keyboard no matter how cheap .
71	Keyboard	NEG	1	after have this keyboard include with my tablet pc , I start use it regularly in the office for the past couple of week -lrb- do not use keyboard much first couple week -rrb- but be have intermittent issue with the connectivity\/syncing , not to mention the lag mention in previous review when it do work -lrb- I could have live with that though -rrb- . I would get 1-3 day of functionality before it would just stop work ... I think it be a computer\/software\/windows 7 issue so i would uninstall and re-install and it would work again for 1-3 day -lrb- 1.5 day be the average and yes i change the battery too -rrb- and after a excruciatingly long wait time with asus to get resolution -lrb- that be another review ... -rrb- they say `` we 'll send a email with return instruction '' ... the email never come ... and the keyboard finally stop work altogether -lrb- computer could no longer discover -rrb- when I call back they say the Microsoft 6000 keyboard be not cover in the warranty - it be one week past 30 day coverage ... never again for the MSFT keyboard or ASUS for that matter ... poor product poor customer service .
927	Keyboard	NEG	1	this be suppose to be use as the primary input method for my new Mac Mini HTPC . this constantly drop signal . I try 3 set of new battery to no avail . return this for a refund . get the 88-key Wireless Multimedia Keyboard with Touchpad instead : http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/gp\/product\/b003axxobg\/ref=oss_product
