index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
575	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	the Weekly Standard be where the advocate of militarism and corporatism share the thought cobble together by various industry lawyer , think tank , and pr agent  pr ! - a Social history of spin  it be regularly promote through other avenue of right-wing cultism , like the Limbaugh show and all the little Limbaughs  Echo Chamber : Rush Limbaugh and the conservative Media establishment  like any propaganda , it should be monitor to see how the spin doctor of the right-wing establishment be deceive those who subscribe to the value of elitism , imperialism , and other ugly aspect of the american empire  kill Hope : U.S. Military and C.I.A. Interventions since World War II-Updated through 2003  for people who be interested in the real world , I would recommend :  the conservative Nanny State : how the Wealthy Use the government to Stay Rich and get richer
456	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a magazine renewal . we have enjoy this magazine uplift article for many year . the renewal process be simple .
247	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I try to leave no star , but I be not allow . do not do it ... you 'll never get it . shame on Amazon for not remove this subscription as a option .
32	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love this magazine , great article fantastic quality picture and article , very inspiring . this be a great magazine at newstand price , but at amazon price it be a no brainer .
60	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Acoustic Guitar magazine be O.K. it 'll give you a few page of musical idea and accompany tab to try . I subscribe for a year -lrb- I have be play acoustic for 4 year -rrb- before I let my subscription lapse . why do I let it lapse ? well , for starter , the lack of a good digital edition be a factor . but more important , like all publication , Acoustic Guitar depend on advertiser for its existence . naturally , it feature review of guitar , accessory , electronics , etc. , in every issue . but , unlike in more reputable publication , these review be worthless , because they be always good review ! every guitar have a nice warm sound . every accessory would be a great Christmas gift . can you imagine if movie review be write this way -lrb- focus only on the good thing , and ignore the problem ? -rrb- Ebert would be give every movie two thumb up . or , if Consumer Reports rating every product the same -lrb- everything be a Editors ' choice ! -rrb- . the bottom line : Acoustic Guitar Magazine be a shill for its advertiser , plain and simple . -lrb- this problem seem pervasive in the music world . while Amazon be great and allow negative review , other online music store do not allow negative review . -rrb-
722	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I purchase this magazine in July and be tell that I would receive it in October and that Amazon have no control over this . then why be you sell it ???
619	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	vogue fantastic high fashion photo . if you love to look at beautiful clothing and shoe you need to look at Vogue . however , as other review have indicate , the article be quite lack . they be often flat without much substance on topic that be frankly not interesting . so , you get Vogue for the picture . if you look to ogle pretty clothes or for inspiration for a art project this be a great magazine , if you want something to read get something else .
907	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	overall , I enjoy this magazine and look forward to it arrive in my mailbox . like all periodical , some issue be hit or miss , but overall it be a interesting read . the feel of the magazine be exceptional -- with a beautiful matte cover , and substantial page , it be like a little picture book unto itself . the main push be in extremely cunning , modern design , so if you prefer a more traditional look -lrb- read : not less-is-more -rrb- or be not interested in modern technology for the home , perhaps this be not you bag . I enjoy article profile designer , get a glimpse into other ' home , make the most of small space , and learn about home on a more global basis . they fresh take on technology and go green be very refreshing , and waaay beyond the old `` install a CFL light bulb and you be green ! '' . I must admit , however , that Dwell do seem to be california-heavy and have a lot of article on architect and they home or extremely expensive furniture , but they still branch out enough to give one a sense of , say , the use of color in India , float home in the Netherlands , or home build as urban infill . they have also be do a great job recently explore smaller home and apartment , a breath of fresh air from other in this business . it be a good and worthwhile read that will help you explore non-traditional material , design , and thought on the industry of `` home '' .
444	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's magazine be quite simply the single most comprehensive and highest quality literary rag to date . display a unabashed moderate to left wing view , it be a publication for the people . Unafraid to poignantly uncover some of the world 's most touchy subject , this magazine also proudly display some of the most talented writer and essayist in the world . with former contributor include V.S. Naipul , Joyce Carol Oates , Don Dilillo , et al. , you would be hard press to find a literary rival . fun , user friendly , challenging , and eye opening , Harper 's be just the best thing out there . hold a firm edge over such other as Atlantic monthly , the New Yorker , Mother Jones , and the Economist , Harper 's deliver information and creativity with zeal unmatched in today 's magazine scene .
15	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	one of the funniest magazine around . in a recent article , the Weekly Standard propose massively expand the IRS to help pay for the massive debt and budget deficit . which group do the `` Weekly Standard '' say should be target for this increase IRS presence -lrb- and massive increase in tax rate - for some 100 % -rrb- ? the Entertainment industry . the reality tv show contestant , the teen-pop singer and the like . the article note that normally massive taxation would hurt a industry , but with all the people that really want fame , that go all out to get they 15 minute of fame , the industry would continue along -lrb- I be curious if O'Rourke realize that the tax would be apply to similar writer -rrb- . another o'rourke article provide the reader with a alternate Inaugural Address by Bush -lrb- subtitle : `` what if George W. Bush be not a compassionate conservative ... '' ; quote : `` the media say that I win the election on the strength of moral value . if the other fellow have become president , would the media have say that he win the election on the strength of immoral value ? '' -rrb- . in all seriousness , this magazine be a very clear detailed neo-conservative look at the issue -lrb- neo-con ? - interestingly , it would appear that many of the writer use to be liberal -rrb- . the magazine do not always present just the conservative perspective , and do not always agree with Bush . another recent article be by a current liberal , ex-communist british writer and he reaction to George Galloway 's testimony before the US Senate . a editorial in that recent issue be all about the dictator in Uzbekistan , a US ally in the war on terror . the editorial note that toleration of this dictator and he brutality will undermine Bush 's current foreign policy . it should be note that the magazine do not seem to have journalist , and few staff writer , most appear to be call `` contribute editor . '' it be jarring , though , when I read the magazine then read article in some of my other subscription . `` Variety '' and `` Weekly Standard '' rarely agree . for that matter , I be somewhat surprise by how often the `` Weekly Standard '' and `` Business Week '' disagree . - Michael S. Briggs -
165	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	be once a stellar magazine and `` family '' style business -lrb- late 1800 's to 2000 -rrb- . since then the quality have decline along with the content in the magazine . revise 4\/2011 now even worse with a left wing political agenda . Discovery be a much better choice !
590	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	actually I have not receive this magazine yet . could you please help I to check it ? thanks .
878	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I buy this subscription for my son who be think of start a business . this be the most think provoke magazine in this category
393	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	with all those trashy teen magazine out there today , you be probably a little reluctant to try this one . well , do not be !! it be a respectible magazine with plenty of interesting story , picture , and quiz . the only complaint I have be that it be very focus on the `` rap world '' right now , so I do not read half of the story . but other than that , I love this magazine and could not live without it on a desert island !!
981	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I order a subscription to National Geographic after read through a recent copy at a doctor 's appointment . I do not read through the magazine cover to cover , but there be more than enough interesting content to keep I look forward to the next issue . I would give the magazine itself a 5 star . however , after receive a current issue as expect , I receive three back issue . when I check the end date of my subscription through the National Geographic website , it show as three month earlier than the subscription end date accord to Amazon . in other word , they be dump three back issue on I in one month and count that toward my 12 month subscription . I guess I still get the 12 issue I pay for , but I want 12 month of worthwhile reading , not a month of more than I can get through follow by 9 month of a great magazine . I be able to call and get the end date fix , but I be sure a lot of people do not bother or notice until magazine stop show up before they should have . overall , it be a great magazine , just make sure you be get what you pay for .
642	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this item be order well in advance of Christmas . why no gift card with $ 5.00 gift certificate prior to receipt of magazine ? I realize that the magazine subscription would take week , but surely a acknowledgement could have be send for Xmas stock .
387	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i only receive 2 issue !!! -lrb- oct and April -rrb- I think I be go to have a issue for each month ... it be nonsense for I ... be i misunderstand the meaning of 1-yr renewal ?
377	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I think this magazine would be full of page about antique with picture , explanation of the item and possible value . I find it have too much advertising , not enough about antiques\/antiquing for my taste . it have very high quality\/high price antique , so if this be what you collect or be interested in this be for you . the printing be lovely . I be look more for antique like you might acidentally find , not the one you have to mortgage you home to own ! other may love this magazine but I do not . cancel this magazine .
813	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have be read interview since the late 80 's and I have always enjoy it . however , this be not the purpose of this rating . my one star be for the subscription service . when I subscribe in the 90 's I get each issue monthly without any problem . I resubscribe in the summer of 2009 ... and do not get my first issue until the October 2009 issue arrive sometime in November which I think be a bit weird at the time ... but do not give too much attention to . I receive issue through January , and then they stop . I contact subscription and get the same song and dance about the February issue that other people have already mention . then I harass they mercilessly and finally get the March issue mail to I in mid-April . I contact they again today because I have not see any sign of the April or May issue ... both of which have be on the newsstand , but not at my door . it be beyond frustrate know that something have be publish and that you should have a copy , but you be not get it . they subscription service suck . clearly we , the subscriber , be unimportant to they . if it do not pick up I 'll likely ask for a refund but , honestly , I be not hold my breath that I 'll get it give how unreliable everything else have be with they . I also subscribe for four year through one of those school fundraiser thing because I just assume there would not be a problem ... I be sure I do not have to comment about how much I regret that . good magazine but horrible , terrible , awful subscription service .
417	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be progressive and insightful . the editorial design be top quality . it be fun and challenging . it avoid the typical business mediocrity in regional publication . oh , by the way , I be the Art Director of this magazine , so my review might be a little bias . sorry .
82	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I own three business and consider myself a entrepreneur . I find it very inspirational to read the account of new business start-up and this magazine deliver with that type of story . the current issue , June 2012 , have a excellent article on Richard Branson , a entrepreneur extraordinaire . however the magazine be just as likely to profile very small new business and in some case will have `` expert '' weigh-in on what they think the prospects be for that business . sometimes there will be article on great smartphone app that be available for the person on-the-road all the time . or maybe office furniture review . you 'll find tip on how to finance you start-up and then maybe how to save for retirement . it be a great magazine for the business-minded individual . I really enjoy it .
104	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	okay , they publish my new book : work positive in a negative world . and I love Jere , Karen , Leanne , Jillian and the rest of the dream team on the book publishing side . but I promise this be more than self-aggrandizement here . I have yet to remember when I first start read this magazine . yes , it be that long ago . if you truly want to achieve a work positive lifestyle start today , go to the website and get a magazine subscription . read every word in every edition . you will discover the answer to every question you 'll ever have about start and run a business ... include how to work positive in a negative world .
282	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	vogue be a great value ! whether you be on the cut edge of fashion or not , it be a great resource for trendy idea .
896	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I just rec have the October issue , with one week leave in the month . I would like the subscription to start with the November issue , not the the October at this late date . I have issue w \/ the magazine itself .
239	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Vogue self proclaim to be the fashion authority but alas it no longer be the case . Articles be insipid and tabloid gossip have take over . if you truly want to see fashion , buy the french vogue or better yet , `` Numero '' . in the US , I now read Harper 's Bazaar .
40	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I subscribe in December 2009 . it be now February 2010 and still no sign of this magazine .
402	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	during the 1980s and 90s harper decay badly from a journal of literature and opinion into a collection of short piece and meaningless chart - sort of a journal for the literary pretentious with a short attention span . during the late 90 and the early part of this century , a effort be make to recreate the old Harpers .  go now be the annoying fragment and pointless table , but the quality of the writing be still variable . at its best , Harpers still trail far behind the Atlantic , and at its worst it be pitifully sophmoric . I 'll try it again in a few more year .
469	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Woodworkers Journal have be around a long time -lrb- 40 year maybe ? -rrb- . its because it be such a well write , well round magazine . its my go to magazine for project -lrb- which I have build many -rrb- . the issue size be good , the write top-notch , and project galore . good for the price , good for the project , good for the write-up . they review of tool be usually spot on . I just find this and fine woodwork the best of the bunch .
79	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	finally , I have find a magazine that keep my mind active long after I have set it down . each month I discover a deeper understanding into today 's issue and look at thing with a new perspective thanks to the thoughtful word in Harper 's . I recommend this magazine to anyone look to learn more about we country and the vast world around we .
893	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I purchase a 1 year subscription for my girlfriend 2 year ago , receive one issue and that be it . attempt to contact the publisher multiple time , no response at all . $ 15 for one issue and a big `` fu '' from the publisher be not a deal . stay away
73	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have always be take aback by the ammount of `` worship '' these insignifigant individual -lrb- celebrity -rrb- receive . let just lay the truth out on the line ; lindsay lohan have a dysfunctional family . hilary duff be a spoil brat . jojo have race issue . justin timberlake be pervert and egotistical . jessie mccartney be a flash in the pan 15 minute idol with no talent . pari hilton have a IQ level so low I could add it up on one hand , and wilmer valderama be not funny . j-14 , however , do not see it that way . instead of printing something with substance , they resort to celebrity kissbutt tactic , stalk these people for every aspect of they life and print it alum j-14 's `` lindsey lohan get a haircut '' . be you serious ??? who care ! if ever there be anything j-14 care about more than celebrity , it would be `` attract boy '' . I be sorry , but I do not think I want my pre-teen sister be tell to dress like a tramp and act totally different to attract a boy who see right through she anyway . it be madness . j-14 be junk , plain and simple , and with the help of mtv , vh1 and the-n , it will continue to infest and polute the mind of we young one . seriously kid , it be time to get a life . hilary duff do not know you , and she never will . the fact that you know every aspect of her life be all the more reason to take a good hard look in the mirror and re evaluate yourself . they want you to ignore what really go on in favor of celebrity gossip , and they get what they want . you should be ashamed .
532	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	have not receive it . my son-in-law be suppose to receive it for christmas . perhaps Cowboys and Indians might call I . my mother send this to my son-in-law for year , and I pick up the subscription for he when she pass . I be hope it will come to he .
908	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this subscription be a total waste . I be a Chile Head , but this 20 page , six month a yr mag stunk ! there be no discretion between good hot and just nasty recipe with hot ingredient . mostly ad anyways , and the ad contain they own recipe and the actual recipe use ad ingredient . besides that , just look at what they call for ... you do not need to make to know it be go to be nasty ! and , authentic ... not unless cenral american use ground beef in they dish
957	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we love this magazine ! we have have a subscription to this magazine for a couple of year now and just renew ! we use to pick they up locally one by one , we decide that we love the educational value of the magazine and we child could use the magazine for they study . that be when we decide it be worth pay for a subscription to the magazine . this information offer so much information and we can turn the T.V. off and read and learn through other method such as National Geographic which officer world wide educational information . the photography be very beautiful and also educational . this magazine be very valuable to we family and worth the return on we investment -lrb- subscription to the magazine -rrb- . we gain so much knowledge from this magazine and for we household , we will pay more for knowledge than material thing -lrb- car , house , brand name clothes etc -rrb- . . we child love the photography and it allow we to use this educational magazine as a means to teach we child to gain information , news , knowledge , etc from other source other than the T.V. . this magazine expose we child to article and other information that they may have not be expose to through school or we community . we child can use they imagination and go far away without leave we home . you will find the subject matter , photography , and write very interesting and informative . this magazine be one that will give back to you . . we only subscribe to National Geographic and one other magazine . we only subscribe to the best ! this magazine will enrich you household and take you place you could never imagine ! well back to ng ! make for great family discussion ! -lrb- Family Time -rrb- clean magazine for the whole family !
609	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love all of ABC 's soap and this magazine be great for people like I . along with soap news it have a lot of good article about the actor . it be great . : -rrb-
125	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I subscribe to Analog last year , and do not renew my subscription . I love hard science fiction . why only two star ? because some of the story be very , very bad . the editor seem to place story that have a good concept , but be write poorly . for good consistent enjoyable reading , may I recommend Fantasy and Science Fiction ? excellent story last year , I never throw it across the room -lrb- that do happen with Analog btw -rrb- , and there be always a story that I go to see if there be anything else to read by that author . update January 2013 - my experience with the year I subscribe to be so poor I still have not try this ` zine again .
781	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	there be not another magazine like Cowboy 's and Indians if you be a lover of the western lifestyle . I love the article feature film star such as Katherine Ross , John Wayne , Sam Elliott , Tommy Lee Jones just to name a few . the article feature many picture and take you up close and personal to the star and how they live . there be other great article about horse , ranch and vacation `` western style '' . the artwork and picture be beautiful .
199	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I discover this wonderful magazine by chance a short time ago . I wish I have discover it sooner . out of curiosity I decide to read it and it be well worth it . I have read magazine such as Time and Newsweek on and off over the year so I have expect similar article . I be amaze at the outstanding quality of the magazine in comparison to the commoner periodicle . it be like a stallion among donkey . the thought provoke article , review , etc. be a intellectual pleasure to read . I actually feel like I have attain a greater understanding of the world after read a issue -lrb- ... -rrb- . I recommend that you read a issue of this magazine for yourself to see if it really be all I have say it be or if I be just a fool who be overenthusiastic about a periodical .
84	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	same thing . I have not recvd the 1st issue yet . it look fine from the cover I have see and I have read it in the past . but I need to actually receive it to rate it properly .
55	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be truly outstanding ! it be very informative and only rarely make mistake ! I love the indepth and informative article that they provide . I also love the way that they always have such clear and beautiful picture and there be no shortage of they either ! I also love the fact that all of the article be in line with mainstream science .
567	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be subscribe to Dwell for a few year now and love this magazine . it always have a few wonderful feature article and great photo . Dwell have a good balance between content and ad , but the ad they do have also highlight great design and be interesting in themselves . I be a former architecture student , but I do think that anyone who have a affinity for architecture , interior design , or furniture would thoroughly enjoy this one . I also like that the space they feature have a wide range of style , size , and location . in various issue I have see all type of style include : contemporary , mid-century , coastal , eclectic , loft , pre-fab design , and renovation . but for the most part one thing they all have in common be good design . I would highly recommend this one and do not see myself unsubscribing anytime soon !
495	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I finally receive a subscription to this amazing magazine as a gift , and I have read my first issue cover-to-cover over the span of two day . this month 's -lrb- February 2003 -rrb- issue include , among other thing , a essay on the inevitable doom that human will eventually face when we planet experience its next major cosmic collision . . unless , of course , we manage to annihilate ourselves via environmental , militaristic , pathological , or technological means , pre-empt the arbitrary extinction cause by a asteroid or comet .  every issue of Harper 's contain excellent essay , fiction , political discussion , and of course the Harper 's staple , such as the index . many of the story and essay win major literary prize such as the O'Henry award , and get include in high-profile anthology such as the \* best american \* series . certainly , for a writer , if you be choose to appear in Harper 's , you be at the pinnacle of you craft .  although the New Yorker , Atlantic monthly , and many other smaller literary magazine consistantly offer excellent content and visually please format , Harper 's seem to lead the pack -- maybe because of it be no-nonsense approach , limited advertising , regionally non-specific content , and diversity of topic . the fact that Harper 's be aid by a non-profit organization must contribute to its quality ; certainly any independence from advertiser can only improve the open-endedness and creativity that Harper 's excel in .
88	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be a truly great magazine . fascinating article , and of course , the most beautiful photo of people and place . very interesting and educational from cover to cover . I think this should be require reading for all Americans .
545	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	National Geographic be a great resource . the photography be top shelf , and there be a good balance of natural science , archaeology and history in every issue . the article themselves can range from riveting to mildly interesting - and the writing be not as good -lrb- generally -rrb- as some of the other available magazine out there . have say that , it be a staple of learning , and I can say it first open I up to a broader world 30 year ago as a kid - largely due to the picture . Worth a subscription . you should , however , look at go direct to National Geographic - may get a better deal on the rate .
179	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have see many craft magazine come and go . I hope this one go . grant , there be no commercial advertising in it , but pay anything over $ 1.98 per issue would be too much . the craft be mainly useless , juvenile , and lack polish . I purchase my subscription sight unseen because it be through support a local school -lrb- the only save grace to this whole experience -rrb- , but that be a mistake I will not make again . it take at least three month after order it that I finally receive my first issue . I open it with great expectation of find original and practical craft for my home , but be immediately thoroughly disappointed . thankfully , my subscription will be expire soon . if you be a serious crafter , I recommend pass by this one .
706	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	vogue be serious fashion . this magazine be for follower of couture designer and the fashion industry . it be not for those who want 10 way to drive a man Crazy in Bed ! vogue offer the most complete coverage of seasonal show as well as beautiful fashion layout ... Mine arrive in the mail about two week after it be out ont he stand .
832	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my kid love get National Geographic . my daughter love read about all the different place and look at the picture .
975	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this product on 02\/06\/07 . today be 03\/09\/07 - more than a month . I have not receive this product . how can you even ask I to rate this . and HOW LONG DOES IT FREAKIN take to START A MAGAZINE SUBSCRIPTION ?
161	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order a month ago still no magazine ... I wasnt aware it take so long for a subscription . I really like vogue magazine I just wish I could get it some time soon to read it .
613	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love buy magazine on interior design and architecture . I may not be train in it or even work in a industry that be related , but I just love read about it . Dwell be by far my favorite choice . the feature be beautiful and practical unlike some magazine where you look at they and say `` wow , that be pretty - but i would not want to live there '' .
757	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be read Selling Power since it be call Personal Selling Power in the early 90 's . Great magazine that will give you that competitive edge over you sale peer .
384	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	AMAZON ALWAYS have the right price on all the magazine . NATIONAL GEO . WAS a excellent price and I give it as a gift .
805	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my wife buy I a subscription for Christmas and I love this magazine . the picture publish every month be breathtaking and the article be very well write and be mostly very interesting . I like it even better now because with you subscription , you can access the magazine from a tablet and it be interactive . there be video and online part in the tablet version that you obviously can not get in the print version . this be a great magazine !
817	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	Harper 's have be in business since 1850 and have publish some of the greatest american - writer , from Mark Twain on down . its editor and tone - setter be the veteran journalist Lewis Lapham . it publish fiction , and article include interesting symposium on many aspect of american economic , political and cultural life . it attract the big - name in all area , and also provide a lot of human - interest material , statistical curiosity , historical information and story . for some reason which I do not fully understand it have never be my great favorite . and in the old day I prefer ` the Atlantic ' and the ` Saturday Review of Literature ' to it . of course one of the feature of ` Harper 's be its book - review do by among other today , John Leonard . I suppose what have sour I a bit on ` Harper 's ' be its bias to the political left . but that withstand it still provide a rich mix of article of high quality .
368	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the price on Amazon be amazing ... I just have National Geographic call and try to bargain we down to $ 34 ... we love the magazine , but why continue to pay this ng price by go directly to the magazine ~ which we have be do for over 10 + year . Alex alex.gerstenzang@gmail.com
674	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I enjoy the magazine . however , theyt start out by dump old issue to use up my subscription . I receive three isue in one day . yuk : - -lrb-
766	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be one of the best magazine of its kind , with plenty of great photography , thoughtful article , and diverse coverage of several different topic relate to the planet earth . Stories about wildlife , different culture , and even environmentalism and the politics it breed can be find on the page within each issue . what make this magazine so enjoyable be the fact that it go so in - depth in its coverage and include story with a personal element . when most people think about National Geographic , they usually think about the great photograph of natural wonder , exotic plant , and animal wildlife . these thing be all great , but they form only part of the magazine 's overall appeal . Stories about different culture and people from around the world be just as good , and be usually present in a personal way . you feel like you know the people on a intimate level when you read this magazine . this publication contain between 120 and 160 page in most issue , with about a dozen or so monthly department , as well as some varied article that change each month , but be always concentrate on nature , science , politics , culture , etc. . National Geographic be often very educational and intellectual , make it a learning device as well as a magazine for entertainment . it be one of the better , more thorough magazine on the market . go ahead and give it a try . you just might learn something in the process .
475	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love how the article be informative and have visual aid . Great magazine truly worth the price if you want to read interesting and captivating article about science and thing that be happen today . 5\/5
624	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have subscribe to Asimov 's for 15 year . it be the very best Sci Fi Magazine out there . all the best author that you have hear of and many that be undiscovered treasure . if you be a fan of short science fiction then you will not be disappointed !
195	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	if you want a vogue subscription I suggest go to the Vogue website and order from they . my magazine arrive with a tear cover , warped page , and basically look like garbage . Fine . thing happen during shipping and I understand that . I have send they a polite request for another unblemished copy and have yet to receive a response . upon receipt of a pristine copy of the October 2011 issue , I will happily delete this review . until then , I recommend not buy from this seller .
89	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	ok . for those of you who continue to believe that New York be the center of the United States , Hell , the world , who forget the map CNN keep flash with the two different color after the election that MIGHT infer there be several school of think about the polycentric view of the US , for those of you who can take a little criticism from the midwest , the dark state , middle earth , the Elba of the 21st century , you be not . there be a whole world out here . people have job . yes , it be true . we work , send we kid to school , even go to church on Sundays . and on other day too . we vote . oh , yeah , you already know that . so have a interview with a actor who go on about how he meditate , be a vegan and think about tree and bird when he have a particularly stressful scene with ashley or uma or Diane , you know , it just do not carry a lot of weight with the serf . but ... it be a great magazine . Andy live . Photography be tight and realistic . the ad be sexy and provocative . the sidebar interesting and insightful . it be wordly . it cover music as well as r . it be -lrb- do not get all rile up now -rrb- a fun magazine to read . however , the interview which we be lead to believe be the heart and soul of the magazine , seem to be along the line of ` damn , it be so good to be I and I guess you be ok too . ' or , ' I see you be wear a $ 15,000 Versace with a plunge neckline and ... you have select old , black , Converse All Stars to wear with it ! how Noveau ! how tasteful ! ' come on . where be the bite ? where be the interview with Alex Rodriguez that say ` how come you go to therapy ... it be only New York ? ' or with Marv Alpert ` hey what be on you fashion agenda now ? ' Chris Berman from ESPN say he be on Maui a couple of year back and he be walk with he kid one dawn and he run into Steven Stills with he kid . now that be a conversation I would have like to hear , not one that end up with I think the two party to the conversation -lrb- it sure be not a interview - see Columbia University 's interview 101 in they school of journalism -rrb- be off to pick out furniture . it be New York . show you tooth . Flex . 5 star . Larry Scantlebury
970	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	always look forward to a copy of Dwell magazine . the strip down aesthetic be a refreshing antidote to the world as-it-is at large . I be usually remind that live in this world need not be the complicated and messy experience that the lack of thoughtful design usually produce . and this inspire I to live with courage and conviction in that part of the world within my control .
938	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be a awesome magazine , and I would not hesitate get a subscription , but I would not get it here . if you go to National Geographic 's website and click on the ` subscribe ' link , you can get it for only $ 15 for 12 issue . plus , you do not have to deal with a third party distributor if you order direct from the source .
961	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	read the headliner for this review , as well as the other 1-star review . I be go back to my revolver and game informer . bye .
356	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	National Geographic continue to be a exceptional magazine -- fun to look at and read as well as educational on many level .
523	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the magazine be ridiculous . the people in this magazine be a bunch of pretentious yuppie and art student pose as architect . people who be interested in $ 2,000 bath should have more interest in feed starving child around the world . I receive this mag as a gift and cancel the subscription anyway . Elitist Rubbish .
205	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	have not really read the magazine for 20 year or more , but I be very impress by some of the offering on they cable t.v. channel , and equally impress by amazon 's fine subscription deal . frankly , the issue I have receive be very disappointing . not just because they blindly follow the new style of news magazine -lrb- glitzy but shallow -rrb- , but also they voluminous advertising . the issue be much slimmer and less technical than those of older volume , the map less inform , and everything touch with sensationalism . in short , they have become `` big business '' , and when the subscription expire , that will be it for at least another 20 year . in short , National Graphic have regrettably shift its focus from its journal to its film . which be great for the film , of course ; but lamentable for the magazine 's quality .
237	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	when I be around 12 , I use to like this magazine . hidden underneath all the teenage , wannabe-tabloid fluff be actually some interesting article and fairly interesting celebrity gossip . plus , I really like the glossy poster . but now , j-14 have take a turn for the worse . the article have get really dull , most of they revolve around the likes and dislike of celebrity . do any of we honestly care about where -lrb- insert Disney Channel star 's name -rrb- or -lrb- insert teenybopper 's name -rrb- shop or who they have a crush on or what be they absolutely fave lip gloss ? the answer be : NO. . and I hate how they show the same celebrity over and over again now . in every issue , there be Taylor Swift , Justin Bieber , Miley Cyrus , a Jonas , Selena Gomez , Demi Lovato , etc. . and when they do show someone new , it be just some teenybopper who star in some movie I never watch and never will see . if you really like this kind of stuff , I recommend read magazine for adult like people .
895	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I be disappointed because I order the magazine on March 12 and will not receive it til June 6 . if I have know ahead of time that it would take this long I would have order the magazine thru another vendor . totally disappoint .
614	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	if you love to pull out that acoustic and knock off a few song when the world seem to be go crazy and you soul need the healing energy of music , then you should read this magazine . it provide good product review , play tip , and song tab . also helpful be tip for tuning up and maintain you guitar so it stay in the best playing condition . although I be not a fan of magazine ad , the ad in this magazine be cool because they provide useful information about new product and service that would otherwise be difficult to discover . the interview with top acoustic player like James Taylor , Neil Young & Bert Jansch be also a big plus . in all honesty , I do not read every issue -- I grab issue when they have something I be interested in . in sum , if you be serious about play that Martin or Gibson sit in the corner , then read Acoutic Guitar every now and then -- you will learn something !
948	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I buy the subscription in June 2010 and have not receive any magazine so far . I send couple of email ask for status and get no response . I be very disappointed about this purchase . save you money , look else for National Geographic subscription .
268	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	my biz partner and I be excite to receive we first mag from this group . we be sorely disappoint . most of the article be not new information , but `` rehash '' info widely available . we read it cover to cover for about 4 month , then cancel the subscription . there be better source out there and this be not one of they !!
366	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I take this magazine use a card that give I 15 issue for 15 dollar . seem like a good deal . however , I be very disappoint in the content of this magazine and will not renew . all the instrument review praise every instrument they cover . I go to a guitar store and try out a couple of they and be very disappointed with some of they selection . they be pure junk . with that in mind , I have no confidence in they review and they magazine . I receive the issue 1-2 month before the cover date . that be ok but the web link to the listen clip be not active at that time . by the time the cover date come around I have move on . do not waste you money on this magazine .
162	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I buy this magazine as read material for my flight home from Ruzyne Airport in Prague to NYC . this be the first time I ever purchase this magazine . terrible choice . First of all this magazine be not worth the $ 10 + USD I pay for it . it be way too large to do anything with on the airplane and the content be for the lack of a better word boring ! every other page be some chic ad . who buy this magazine ? well I will not be buy it again .
332	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I feel like dwell be showcase the idea of how to live well in we post-apocalyptic future . this magazine be start to depress I . do everything seem gray with stainless steel accent ? Modern living be quite warm ... what be up dwell ? I be move past glossiness into some real patina - I be find it better for my mood and my pocket book .
240	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic be the best nature , ecological , cultural magazine I have ever come across . you learn about culture from all over the world , and the article be easy to understand . the photography be wonderful . Great for the whole family . you 'll enjoy read it , and the child will love the photograph .
116	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I subscribe it from Amazon in August 13 , 2010 , but I have not receive any single one so far , and today be already Jan 7 , 2011 . do it take such a long time ???
574	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I love this magazine . I can always find something new to learn . cover many , many area of woodworking , from novice to expert . highly recommend .
546	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the magazine be great , so I jump at the offer to get it at 50 % off from Amazon . I find it a bit deceptive , however , that this be the normal price for a annual subscription -lrb- check they website at www.dwell.com -rrb- . why waste the time fool you customer ... who I expect be generally smarter shopper . thanks , but no thanks , Amazon .
170	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	j-14 be cheap and not well write . in my opinion , it focus too much on celebrity and not enough on thing teens age 11-15 really care about -lrb- intellectual one at least -rrb- . unless you really want to know what Britney Spears eat for breakfast every Thursday , skip it and go for seventeen or Girls Life .
42	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Chicago magazine be once a wonderful resource to I as a Chicagoan ... but not now . hip , savy and younger -lrb- 25-40 -rrb- be no longer the target audience . for over two year this magazine be my main resource for learn about , event , restaraunt , club , opening . now , this magazine be just a glorified version of the Chicago Tribune ... it be owner . both the magazine and the paper will have the same information for `` hot new club '' , `` great eat '' , 10 thing to do under $ 40 . it be a rip off for those of we that live here and those travel here . but even worse it tend to focus on the suburb . if Chicago be not a thrive , wonderful city ... no one would want to live here .
494	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	Harper 's remind I of a book reading I once go to . the author read a selection from Proust . it take forever and when she finally get to the ` point ' the crowd all murmur and nod in approval at its profundity . I think I be go to go out of my mind ... . . what be so profound about take 1000 word to make a point that could have be make in ten word or less ? and therein lie my problem with Harper 's . people here compare it with other `` thoughtful '' magazine like the Atlantic and the New Yorker . no. ... it be not like those magazine at all ; every paragraph in those magazine be pack with information that be critical to understand the entire story . they do not take the rambling `` blue highway '' approach like Harper 's do . if you really want a magazine that be balanced and in depth without the wander prose of Harper 's try my two favorite : the New Yorker and the Economist . I also recommend the Atlantic .
828	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	do not get I wrong , I like Dwell . I think the magazine have a lot of great content , but the problem be that most of the time the stuff present be super expensive . I suggest use it for idea , emulate they with you own creativity . : -rrb-
553	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine have be a terrific little treasure for at least 25 year . I start read it when they print a piece on Bert Lance call `` the money vanish '' during the early carter year . that piece along with a Larry Kramer article during the early day of the hiv epidemic be the two most compelling piece of US journalism I have read in forty year . how any reviewer -lrb- below -rrb- can see Harper 's as a `` leave Oriented Magazine '' be a bright mystery to I . any piece as scathing as `` the money vanish '' could not appear in a left-slanted magazine . the reader should be ready for a hard look at topic from another , challenge perspective . along with the Economist and the Atlantic , this be a magazine I would recommend as brain food for airplane trip and wait room etc. . bascially , Harper 's be the other end of the comtinuum from most of the print medium in the US now .
68	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I read part of the ` Weekly Standard ' each week online . I do not know if that mean I qualify to review the paper as a whole . I find its article informative and straightforward . there be a certain economy about the publication . it seem to I sometimes as if it be a kind of ` Wall Street Journal ' in color . I suppose one reason I do not take objection to it in any serious way be that I most often agree with its politics . when I read its article I feel I be get the most for my money in the short time it take I .
210	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I be a subscriber to National Geographic for fifteen year until last December when I let my subscription lapse . why ? three reason --  1 . the map . I use to love the great map that you would get all the time . well , the number of map per year keep drop to the point where it be hard to justify pay the amount of money for the subscription for fewer map . plus the map that be come out be less and less useful . be it really a `` map '' if its a picture of some dinosaur ? or picture of the `` native people '' that live throughout the land ? or any other picture for that matter ? I want a map I can use ! I want a map that I can hang up on a wall to find stuff when I need it , not a bunch of pretty picture . the last straw come in 2002 when the back of one of the map contain a advertisement for a truck !  2 . the story be no longer interesting . I mean , when you decide to pull a random zip code in the US to make a story out of it , it be no longer fun . National Geographic use to be about discover the new and unique . today it seem more appropriate to show you thing you probably already new .  3 . the cost . the cost of the magazine seem to keep go up , go up 15 % between 2001 and 2002 . I recognize cost keep go up , but this be ridiculous .  National Geographic tend to be one of those `` keep forever '' type magazine . well , what good be it for I to have this huge collection of magazine that I be not interested in read ? in short , National Geographic may be great for kid with school project , but a waste of money for adult .  i guess some people may think `` no ! you can not insult National Geographic ! '' but I call it like I see it . stop and think , be you read the magazine you be buy or do you just not want to stop the twenty year tradition of yellow bookshelf ?
636	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	`` creativity be like life insurance . if you be creative , you be never afraid , because you can design yourself out of any situation . '' ~ Li Edelkoort if you be interested in item like the Nissan Actic Concept car -lrb- that have a matching trailer -rrb- or you want to discover new modern option for you bathroom , kitchen or garden , this magazine deliver . DWELL have a variety of article to interest the casual decorator or the seriously focused chef . for example , the April\/May 2004 issue have article on : Home Cooking - a contractor and he three son design a home with the kitchen at the heart of the home . cut it up - a downtown Los Angeles loft get a makeover . stainless chef - designer John Picard find a sanctuary with a high-tech steam oven and a hand-carved tub . victorian revival - a San Franscico couple be the inspiration for a dramatic culinary renovation . Trend Diva - Jane Szita talk about nesting and nihilism . other interesting article include information on house that become art , short review for book on subject such as live in a small space . I be intrigue by the house design with mostly window on page 45 and high tech enthusiast will also love feature for speaker or CD changer which be most modern . well , until I can afford a 9,500 buck oven , I 'll keep reading and dream . the library in the April\/May issue be to die for ! big window and shelf galore . Dwell be a magazine design to inspire and inspire it do ! even some of the text be in color . the Marketplace section give you a wealth of source to encourage you to start on you own dream design , house or otherwise . the source section also provide page by page information on source . ~ the Rebecca Review
782	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have read Chile Peeper for year . I order a subscription on Amazon on October 2 , 2011 . it be now December 14 , 2011 . the ship date for my FIRST magazine be FEBRUARY 1 , 2012 !!!!!! why do it take four -lrb- 4 -rrb- MONTHS to get a magazine that be PUBLISHED EVERY two -lrb- 2 -rrb- month ????????????????? EAGERLEY AWAITING what have BETTER be a really good excuse !!!!!!!!! BOB TUCKER
690	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	receive 3 issue , then it stop , and we have be get renewal request since then . do not purchase this ever !!!
151	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I order this magazine for a class I be take last semester at college . I really do enjoy the article I read in class . my only problem with the magazine be that I never receive it . after call harper about four time I get two magazine from the previous two month , but now I be still wait for both last and this month 's edition . happy reading ... if the magazine reach you !
398	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	`` Hawaii '' be a magazine devote to cover all aspect of Hawaii , and as such be orient less toward tourist and more toward resident than many other publication . the magazine cover current event in Hawaii , environmental issue on the island , and feature many cultural and heritage-oriented article that many tourist will find of only pass interest . every issue have a useful event calendar for all the island individually -lrb- `` Kauai Happenings , '' etc. -rrb- the editor be very good to cover all the island equitably , with as much emphasis on Kauai as Oahu , for instance . despite the seeming focus on resident , there be many article of interest to visitor , and numerous advertisement of great use to tourist as well . I enjoy visit Hawaii and find the magazine to be worthwhile , and actually enjoy the fact that it be not focus exclusively on the tourist ; the thing I learn from `` Hawaii '' magazine help I to more fully appreciate the beauty and nuance of all the island . I recommend `` Hawaii '' to anyone interested in know more about America 's most tropical state .
806	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I get this as a freebie along with w and it last only as long as I receive it for one year . the use of fur and skin be nauseating and I could not have be more disgusted at the vapid , innocuous , ` insight ' it offer . this magazine have no redeeming social value .
962	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I get this every year for my son at christmas . he be 29 and love the magazine .
785	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for I , the September issue of Vogue , with its 700 page issue , be more than eye candy . it be art . it be that simple . I no longer look at most of the fashion in the magazine , nor the model , as realistic , something that can ever transfer into my own life , nor would I want it to . it remind I of trip to art museum where I can admire one painting half the afternoon , but it do not mean I want it hang on my wall at home . Vogue 's photography be exquiste , pure art . the glossy page , the vibrant , sometimes muted color , seem to jump off the page . the image make my mind wander and explore . when I finally get over the ridiculous price and the more ridiculously thin model with leg longer than I be tall , I be able to fully appreciate the artistry of the ad and fashion spread . I find the ad be as engaging as the fashion spread , which be a good thing , for the magazine be at least half ad . some of the article be quite good as well . I scan the few society article , and I have be surprise at the high number of well-written piece that apply to the average world-wise woman . Cosmo reader most likely will not find much in Vogue , but I would say woman over 30 , who be relatively sophisticated , will find article gear toward they . overall , Vogue be a high end publication with excellent , artistic photographer and produce rather sweet eye candy with a good number of current , well-written non-fashion article .
287	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Terrific magazine . the fashion be fun and inspiring and the article be excellent . happy to continue to receive Vogue for another year .
208	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine do not tell you much & the little bit it do have already happen so if you watch the show you already know
967	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I read a lot of this magazine , and I like the format and article they write about . the poster be really cool , and the news be cool , and , well , everything be cool ! it be a good magazine all around , and I think it be way better than m.
687	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine have great photo , and as a aficionado of mid-century modern I be draw to it like a moth to a flame . but , if you want to actually apply any of these idea to you own house , do not hold you breath -- unless you have $ 150k to plunk down . the featured house be all either custom build new home , or incredibly expensive redesign . I actually get pretty excite the first few issue , with all the possibility , until I mention some of the material to my architect friend . yes , the Nanowall be great , but it be $ 30k for a slide door . I have begin to find the magazine frustrate to read , simply because they dangle these amazing home in front of I with no real hope of my ever approximate any of they in real life . I be hope for a magazine that be far more practical .
508	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this be definitely not the Vogue , as we know it . as a matter of fact , the american Vogue be one overestimate pound of paper full of ad , a little bit of fashion in between , and some socialite news . and I mean full of ad , page after page ! I can not help but wonder what be next ?? coupon ??? this be just a pathetic exploitation of the name of Vogue . if you want to read the real Vogue , go for the Vogue Paris - such a huge difference in quality !
338	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine be order on June 30th , my Son have not recieve it yet ???????? so can not comment on a review at this time .
800	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	Ok , the secret be out ... I be a closet soap opera fan . I watch as the World turn and Guiding Light regularly , and occasionally all my child . this magazine be ideal for someone who be a casual viewer and only follow one network . the writing be that great , although it be not bad , per se . it be just very elementary . other magazine about soap have more intelligent critique of act and story . the `` spoiler '' be not as good as in other magazine , either , and the recap be not as up to date as in sod or spw . overall , for what it cost , I would say just get Soap Opera Digest or Soap Opera Weekly . it be a bit better than Soap Opera Update , though , which be why I give it 2 star as oppose to 1 .
630	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	hello : we would like very much to offer we opinion of this product , however ; we have not receive it as yet .
949	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	you can not beat this price . I feel guilty because I love National Geographic and certainly get my money 's worth , but I still love get my subscription on sale . this be the only magazine we buy and keep . it come in handy for school assignment and for Sunday school lesson .
866	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	be get NatGeo for at least 50 year - I guess I 'll keep subscribe for another 50 year if I be able !!!
202	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	Acoustic Guitar Magazine rise from the ash of the far superior magazine fret . for those of you too young to remember FRETS be a off shoot of Guitar Player Magazine and be a absolute bible for acoustic musician . fret feature contribution by legendary writer like Mark Hanson and cover actual string instrument player regardless of they ability to sell magazine but base on they ability as player and what they offer the reader in the way of education and enlightenment . since its beginning Acoustic Guitar Magazine have only flirt with cover real guitar player and they have never cover GRAMMY winner like Ed Gerhard or international Fingerstyle Champion Doug Smith ! Acoustic Guitar Magazine regularly feature interview with the same tired singer songwriter -lrb- some who play well , some who be marginal guitar player -rrb- and even rock star ... hope to sell magazine to casual passer by at magazine rack I guess . recently they do feature a player Andy McKee , but he be something of a internet sensation -lrb- as they call he -rrb- and frankly , everything he be do have be do better by Preston Reed -lrb- another artist never feature on they cover and barely notice by the magazine -rrb- ... and let see there be also Laurence Juber -lrb- 2 x GRAMMY winner -rrb- who have produce nearly 20 acoustic guitar album and soundtrack but have never feature on the cover of Acoustic Guitar Magazine and be only truly feature inside about 16 year ago ! the list of great acoustic guitar player not cover in that magazine be longer than the one they have cover in they 20 year . what I be say be that this magazine do not live up to its name and be a overpriced waste to subscribe to . read it in 2-5 minute at the news stand or book store of you choice and maybe buy one copy a year that amazingly have some content ! Fingerstyle Guitar Magazine be a welcome addition to the periodical world when they enter the game nearly 20 year ago as they do fill the huge gap between Acoustic Guitar Magazine and FRETS . . but sadly that bi-monthly magazine seem to have lose its focus and its editorial staff seem to have interest elsewhere .
774	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this subscription as a gift . the first issue should have be deliver in June . we hear nothing from they , so I have to contact Amazon in late September . I be tell that the july\/august issue have production problem , and be never send out . my gift should arrive by mid-October -- the September issue !!! this be the worst gift I ever give . and no response or notification from the publisher ! Zero star .
916	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I have be get AG for over a year now and look forward to its arrival each month . the editor be constantly improve and tuning the mag . a recent addition be the weekly workout series by Scott Nygaard . most of the interview , product review and article be sync have to video accessible to reader on they site . a good magazine that will only get better . 5 star ! Update : originally I be give access to they website to reference article find in the mag ... HOWEVER ... that facet have be remove and I guess you now also have to subscribe to the website as well . I can appreciate how tough it must be run a successful mag ... but screw you reader be too much . I downgrade the mag to 2 star .
153	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	interesting , engage , Awe Inspiring and so human . I love this magazine . it remind I everytime of what a amazing and awesome planet we live on with equally fascinating creature and of course human being . it be a spiritual experience without the supernatural bull-s ___ .
501	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for a Saturday afternoon of light , but encouraging reading , buy a subscription to `` guidepost . '' there be deeper magazine , bt do not be fool ... every article here connect richly with the soul . this be the kind of magazine both Catholics and Protestants can both love . it be great gift for you friend who attend the church across the street from yours . short vignette and more involved profile color this magazine in much the same way a Reader 's Digest might , except with a clear spiritual flavor . it be ecumenical yet uncompromising : I fully recommend `` guidepost . '' you will not be disappoint . Anthony Trendl http:\/\/anthonytrendl.blogspot.com
183	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	first issue due to arrive in 6 , yes six week . . I hope ! a little ridiculous in the 21st century . see Newsweek 's fate !
699	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I love the poster it be ok it give you a lot of INFORMATION ON CELEBRITIES GOOD quiz you will LOVE THIS MAGAZINE if you be a PRETEEN or EVEN if your NOT IT keep you informed on your FAVORITE BANDS .
635	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	if you like get phone call while you eat dinner , order National Geographic . while I be look forward to the great photography , I regret order a subscription to NatGeo . be warn , they will call you while you eat , to pitch `` we will you send you a free world map , and a video and if you choose to keep the video , we will only charge you $ . $ $ '' after a long day of answer phone at work , I do not want my home phone to ring . but NatGeo will call , they will call again , sometimes they 'll just hang up on you , sometimes they 'll pitch a product . with many print publication die off due to the internet , it be amazing that NatGeo be drive customer away by become a 400 lb gorilla . and if they call my house again , I will cancel my subscription , take the loss and call it a lesson learn . -lrb- and then begin report to the no phone sale administration . really sick of it .
482	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic Magazine be prime reading , particularly when you be far from home . I send a subscription to my Army son who can now follow NGM no matter where he be station .
460	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you only subscribe to one magazine , ever -- make it Harper 's . the Index , Lewis Lapham and the fine group of editor and contribute writer be something I look forward to every month . I will always subscribe to Harper 's -- regardless of what direction my political or philosophical view may take .
242	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	CHILE PEPPER be one of the more interesting cooking magazine out there . the recipe tend to emphasize Cajun , Creole , and Carribean style . not all of the recipe include chile pepper or have a great deal of heat , but most recipe would likely appeal to chilehead . have grow up in the Southwest , I love these type of recipe and have make several with excellent result . the story be also interesting , focus on restaurant and manufacturer involve in the chile pepper businesss , such as the folk at Tabasco . there be also many story on various hot sauce . recommend for people look for something a little different or who like Lousiana or hot food .
966	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	... I find myself read the review of Analog only to find a review by none other than Robert Sawyer , whose current serialize novellum in Analog be the first thing I have ever read in Analog that have make I want to throw a issue away . Great magazine , except for when Sawyer be in it .
39	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you be a fan of National Geographic and be look for a great subscription price , you can not beat this price to get this great publication for one year . less than half the price through National Geographic ...
691	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	WOW ! National Geographic again they do a terrific job on something ! they do great , professional , and BREATHTAKING job on everything they do but this be the best of everything . I suscribe to this about two month ago and be very happy about they progress . I be sure thousand agree with I that this be perefection and I be surprised anybody or anything can do this much . put you foot up National Geographic ! you have do enough for thirty year !!!  enjoy , Jeffrey Alan Cote '  -lrb- brazilgamer_tacomawa -rrb-
659	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have be buy this magazine off and on ever since the first issue . I keep all of the issue and enjoy look at they over time again and again . I enjoy the article and interview of the star and the informative ad on where to get merchandise . thank you for a wonderful magazine ... there be so few of they out on the newsstand .
617	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic Magazine be the best . editor of all magazine just name it magazine of the year through the American Society of Magazine Editors . I do not understand anyone complain a few advertisement in the front of the back of the magazine . National Geographic nver have and have no ad at all within the main editorial feature of the magazine . Photography be extraordinary . how they continue to achieve such powerful and engrossing image in today 's age be amazing . it be about to celebrate its 125th year .
220	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	just one more one-star review to throw at this disposable , superficial , cliche , empty-headed `` maggazeen '' . wow , Lindsay Lohan 's favorite lip gloss ! stop the press ! worthless . grow up . Life , as a concept , be something more than `` AaRoN cArTeR 's dreem womunn ! '' . yes , even in 2005 .
653	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my husband and I have get so disgusted with Time magazine and Newsweek that we be delighted to have a magazine like the Weekly Standard available . usnew and World Report at least attempt to be more objective but now it be publish in print form only once a month . for we money , the Weekly Standard , with its incisive article , stand head and shoulder above all the rest of they . kudos to the staff . we 'll not renew any other news magazine subscription .
997	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harpers be a publication all its own . with deep analysis and a bravado willing to stray from the pack , they be able to make I consider new perspective and bolster one I hold in which I feel all alone . truly the single best current affair publication .
716	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Quality still maintain as it be for year . while something can be replace by internet , this be one of those magazine you need to have in hand .
685	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	National Geographic be a wonderful magazine that any one can enjoy . however , do not subscribe to it from amazon . why pay thirty some dollar , when you can get the exact same thing from the National Geographic Website for fifteen dollar . I do recomend that you get this magazine , you will not regret it . just save you money and do not get it from Amazon.com .
894	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i subscribe to Harper 's for about four year . the reason I cancel my subscription be because the magazine rip into Israel and Jews . unlike some other liberal publication who might pretend that criticism of Israel be not anti-semitic , Harper 's would talk about the `` Jews '' influence in dc . the magazine would go so far as to accuse american Jews of forment and start war in the Middle East . anyone who be educate know this be garbage , as the vast majority of american Jews be liberal , vote Democrat , and oppose most of Israel 's contemporary policy . if you be go to stand by you reputation as a magazine with 100 % integrity , you have to be willing to explore both side of EVERY issue . even if Israel and the Jews be the one group you demonize , that be one group too many . consider the history of the jewish people , it seem like a cop-out . I should note that other than the anti-semitism this be a top-notch magazine . it be write for intelligent people . anyone who get they information from `` article on the internet '' should stick to Time or Newsweek .
145	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this have to be one of the better magazine that feature spiritual and uplifting message . this magazine be perfect for a source of interfaith christian article that be uplight and inspirational . often there be article on famous people who discuss they spiritual life . they have some excellent column and story from other reader . Stories be not too long , and great for a morning devotional .
928	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I order it as a birthday gift for a 11 year old boy , he love it ! it be great for child \/ adult interested in history and geograhy .
300	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	great magazine - but ... I can not stress to you enough not to buy this on Amazon through Synapse Services , Inc. . you will not get you magazine , you will not receive a refund , and you will waste you time and money ! flush you money , it be more effictive way to get rid of it . I purchase NG for my father in June 6th 2010 as a renewal to he subscription which be expire on Feburary 2011 . I just get a last chance renewal from NG , they say my subscription be expire ? it should be good till Feburary 2012 ! they say they do receive a order from synapse on June 10th but then it be cancel by synapse in July ? ng be nice enough to give I Synapse 's phone number 877-813-0320 . be sure to press 0 and go for the agent , even though it will not help you , the supervisor can not help you either ! I just get off a long phone call with Synapse Services , Inc. they cancel the subscription for no reason on they end . they never fullfill the request ? they say they refund , but there be no refund , Amazon still have it list active ? I just want the magazine , they have already receive payment why do they cancel it ? they can not tell I ? I have never be so disatisfied with a company in my life . I will be contact Amazon , contact the Credit Card company for payment with no service , BBB for failure to produce service , etc. . I will also issue a invoice to they for my waste time ! basically what this company do be when they receive the actual payment from Amazon they then call up ng and cancel you subscription so they do not have to pay NG and they keep the money . wow ; what a great money make business !!!
90	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Harper 's be a terrific magazine . do not however , DO NOT , buy this magazine from Amazon !!! here be why : the WAIT . normally , when a person buy a magazine subscription , they get the first magazine the follow month . AMAZON take 4-5 month !!! I buy this subscription for my father whose birthday be in August . he call I in October to sheepishly ask where the magazine be . after complain , Amazon say they would get it there by November . HUH ???!!! now , I just get a email say they make a error and it would now ship sometime in JANUARY !!! oh , but they be nice enough to make it up to I by offer I a free subscription to Inc. magazine !!! WTF ???!!! what do Inc. have even remotely in common with Harpers ?! I call Amazon customer service to cancel my order . after I post this , I be go to do what I should have do four month ago : order Harper 's from Harper 's . caveat emptor !!!
823	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	everyone know what a quality magazine Nat . Geo . be . it have maintain that quality for many year with interesting subject matter and unbeatable photography . even article that at first seem to hold no interest to I become very enjoyable . through Amazon I be able to get such a tremendous deal that I renew my subscription and 2 gift subscription for 2 year .
236	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i get almot every mounth issue i love it i suggest you to get it for you teen or youself -lrb- if you a kid -rrb- . well what-ever just get it it have all kind of star news \* -lrb- no interpropet thing or stuff like that -rrb- it totaly cool !!
664	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I cancel my subscription after 30year because I be tire of most of the article push propaganda . ng be long hold as a neutral source of accurate info , but no longer true .
339	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I be expect a magazine that discuss different option and idea for new business , include franchise . I think this be gear to the small business owner . all it have be profile of people who have start a business and be now millionaire . not much else in the magazine .
430	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	despite what many people say about Amazon 's magazine subscription , I like amazon 's . it arrive a month later I order just like most magazine subscription . I be a bit annoyed by the fact that the magazine be not covered\/packed with plastic bag or something like that -lrb- National geography alwasy put they little magazine in the plastic bag ! : d -rrb- . but other than that no problem at all ! and magazine itself be good ...
531	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	you can not judge a magazine by its cover . thank god . the cover of Harper 's Magazine scream BORING . and it have a really obnoxious flap that drive I nut . but get past the cover , and you be in for a literal treat . it be like reach that rich , syrupy bottom of you italian ice . fill with ton of obscure quick read , and not to mention the Harper 's Index , you will not be disappoint . 5 star for most issue , although some come in at a 3 or 4 . Order a subscription online -- it be much cheaper than buy each issue at a newsstand . ...
935	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	while I do enjoy the article that be in this magazine -lrb- they be always well do , professional , and cover a variety of issue -rrb- , I feel that there be not enough material in the magazine to warrant the cost of approximately $ 4 per issue . the magazine be very thin and only come out 6 time a year . I feel that that they need to either bulk up the magazine or offer it more frequently if they want to continue to charge the same amount . it be unlikely that I will renew my subscription and this be almost exclusively due to the cost .
581	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I would like to find out about get a refund , since I have be charge for a magazine subscription without get any actual issue . this be a very disappointing `` special offer '' .
6	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	as other have state , probably not a great idea to order nat Geo through Amazon . I place my order in June and receive a cancellation e-mail from they today . if Amazon can not fill the subscription at this price , they should not be offer it . Great magazine , just do not order it here .
542	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I have have nothing but trouble with my Dwell subscription : June 2006 - miss issue . I contact customer service by email , they take several day , and I do mean several day to return my email . the problem be finally resolve with a telephone call on my behalf - they extend my subscription by 2 issue . however , the replacement magazine do not come and I have to telephone they again . they say on the telephone that it would take 4-6 week to get my replacement magazine . they be correct . January 2007 - I receive several renewal notice from Dwell , though my subscription do not expire until October 2007 ! I email customer service -lrb- again -rrb- , and after several day they reply to my email and assure I my subscription do not expire until October 2007 , and that they send customer renewal notice early , 9 month early in fact , so that customer have time to renew . customer service should not make excuse for they shortcoming . March 2007 - I do not receive the March 2007 issue and April be already on the news stand . 2 miss issue in the past 6 month . frustrated . I just email customer service and receive the auto-reply of '' ... you message have be submit to a customer service representative who will respond to you within two business day . . '' I hope it really be only two day . Update : No email response yet on the above . will have to telephone they again . four time since June . shockingly horrible customer service . though it use to be one of my favorite magazine and I really want to continue like it . however , I can not bring myself to do it . I now feel ill when I see the magazine - know that I have receive minimal value for my money . I will not be renew my subscription , and be seriously consider cancel it now . I therefore can not and will not recommend this magazine to anyone due to lack of customer care . FYI : I order this magazine directly from Dwell and not from Amazon .
436	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I end my subscription a couple of year ago with agm , String Publishing . they make I a very good offer on a renewal , which I accept . after 4 month I still do not receive a magazine ! I contact customer service , and some dope name Cassandra completely drop the ball , claim she could not view a copy of the cash check , and when I finally threaten with the BBB , she claim I pay for they online service . completely untrue . by the way , it take 2 month of email for she to reach this decision . I email the maagazine editor in a attempt to bypass the dope . I 'll give they another couple of day and then it be off to the Better Business Bureau or the local DA if I can not get anything do through the BBB . the real problem here be that this be the second time they do it to I . shame on I !
184	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	have just subscribe to 12 issue of Catholic Digest , and have just browse through a free copy , I be truly disappoint . this magazine be not the same magazine that I have subscribe to year ago and that it be not a truly catholic magazine . as a number of other reviewer have point out here , and as some writer to the Editor have point out , the Catholic Digest have change ! the article in this magazine have stray away from the official doctrine of the church . dissident writer like Andrew Greeley , sj , who have openly disagree with the Holy see , have column there . although Pope JPII die on 3 April this year , the May issue of Catholic Digest make not a single mention about the pope . -lrb- only the June issue start have article on jpius . -rrb- instead , the cover story in the May issue be about parish that be be run by woman but `` woman can not be ordain '' and `` lay people be complain that clergy in the Church be all-powerful '' -lrb- ?! -rrb- . truly , if the editor have any honesty leave , they should either change its title or focus , and not dupe faithful Catholics into subscribe to a pseudo-catholic magazine .
63	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	one of the best magazine out there for sure . start recieve it year ago . it take you all over the world , and give you such amazing article and picture . you really feel like you be travel through it . I find this magazine broaden my spectrum on the world . it be so easy to forget about all the other place , people and culture out there . this be a amazing reminder about all the amazing people in we world and the place they live . a great education .
533	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine be very bias in a few company -lrb- Apple , for example -rrb- . it be only useful as a advertisement for franchise and have very little to offer in term of idea , point of view , problem , solution etc. . this magazine would not help you if you be look to START a business . . only if you be look to buy one , such as the many franchise they constantly push . . franchise be very difficult to `` break even '' with , and have unnecessary cost , so I avoid those altogether , but this magazine seem to have only one or two interesting and educational article per annum . go with Money magazine instead , it be leap and bound ahead of this excuse for a read .
327	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I know `` Interview '' have be around awhile , but I just recently get into it . in short , if you be into the art , it be you magazine . it touch on music , movie , fashion , and everything inbetween . and often the interview of celebrity be do by other celeb , like `` Jim Jarmusch '' do a q&a; with `` the White Stripes '' , just like they be sit in a room chatting , very casual . I like that . also the photography be top , and often take up the whole page -lrb- good mini-poster -rrb- . they be good about not expose the same old people too , lot of fresh face , usually cool . hey , if it be good enough for `` Andy Warhol '' , it can not be bad , huh ?
771	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have subscibe to Antiques for year . it be the best of the kind and this offer be the best I have see . cr , Cincinnati
550	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	they charge my credit card and wait for 7 week never receive it . but when ask for a credit they only give I 1\/2 of my subscription . . for I be a total failure and that a shame because I think the magazine be amass . never hear from a representative from customer service .
735	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I originally review this magazine in 2004 and at that time I give it four star . since that time , the magazine have deteriorate to the point that it be a toss-up whether to give it one star , or be generous and give it two . Vogue use to be America 's premier fashion periodical . back in the day , when Diana Vreeland , and Jessica Daves before she , have the top editorial spot , the magazine be a byword for class and elegance . the cover be work of art -- some of they be so good that they be suitable for frame . the model actually look like model . and the clothes exude taste and style . enter Anna Wintour , and exit class , elegance and everything else that make Vogue special . the magazine start to skid straight down the tube and , sad to say , the slide have accelerate . the cover have become just plain awful . I have see classier , more artistic cover on Women 's day . the September 2008 cover be particularly dreadful . Keira Knightley , a lovely young woman , be show with a hairstyle look like a five year old have take a blunt weed whacker to she head , wear something that look like Grandma 's old curtain cinch by a cheap patent leather belt . the clothes in recent issue look like something you would wear to a bad Halloween party , at astronomical price . and the model look like eastern european zombie . if Vogue be try to sell clothes , they should start feature clothes you can actually wear , and put they on somebody who do not look like the walk dead . Vogue use to have pretty good article , but recently they have deteriorate as well . they do run a very good , well-written , thoughtful piece in July 2008 on racism in the fashion industry in which they focus on the dearth of non-white model . great piece , I think as I read it , now maybe Vogue will take a look at the endless bland parade of european model in they own page and start practice what they preach . yeah right . in every succeed issue it be back to normal -- the same pale , empty-looking face stare vapidly at the camera . not that a black model would mean a drop in sale . in July 2008 , italian Vogue dedicate the whole issue to black model and sell out its entire print run . they actually have to go into reprint . that issue have become a collector ' item . the final nail in Vogue 's coffin , as far as I be concerned , be they December 2008 issue feature Jennifer Aniston look luscious in a long red dress with the caption -lrb- on the cover , yet -rrb- `` Jennifer Aniston : I think what Angelina do be very uncool '' . my eye almost fall out of my head . be Vogue try to reinvent itself as a celebrity tabloid ? if I want to read about the Pitt\/Aniston\/Jolie triangle for the umpteen-thousandth time , I 'll pick up Life & Style or in touch or something of that ilk . this be nothing more than the cheapest kind of pander to the fan of the trash tabloid to sell they magazine . vogue do have good photography , I 'll give they that much , but nothing that be not present better in Harper 's Bazaar . and they layout be quite good ; in fact , better than Bazaar 's . but the overall substance and content of the magazine have deteriorate to the point where Vogue and I have finally come to a parting of the way . I have just cancel my subscription after ten year . maybe if and when Wintour depart , the magazine will find its way back to its former eminence . until then , I be go with they sister publication on the other side of the pond , british Vogue . in just about every category , it be a much better magazine . Judy Lind November 12 , 2008
291	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	so I order the magazine in Nov. 6 , 2005 . its now Feb. 22nd , 2006 and the magazine -lrb- since I also order the Smithsonian and Scientific American -rrb- be nowhere to be see . of course , my account be quickly charge and at this pace , I be guess the whole genomic structure of all live organism in this planet will be decode before I receive any of they ... so if you actually want to read this excellent magazine , it might be a better idea to get somewhere else ...
91	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a very informative magazine that keep you up to date on the latest technology involve diabetes , include oral medicine , insulin , meter , pump , etc. . lot of helpful tip and article to help you battle the disease .
744	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I usually have enough time to read about 1 magazine a month between raise kid and work . so what other magazine could leave you in awe with it be photography , astound you with it be story and educate you like no other magazine . National Geographic of course that same magazine that you use to page through when you be a kid sit in the dentist wait room . now my kid page through it at home , I have a friend at work who collect the map , my wife peruse it and when we be all do I donate all back issue to a local nursing home . psstt . . go to they website for the best price . .
115	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I buy National Geographics for my elderly father over 3 month ago . to this day no magazine have arrive . tired of wait and after a phone call from he , I bar the wait to talk to someone in NG . they tell I that go through Amazon take at least 3 month !!! and that they have ship my order two day ago and it will take 2 week in transport . if I go directly through they it take 1 month .
26	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	if you really want to read this magazine , DO NOT subscribe . just buy it from Barnes and Noble . I purchase a year and receive four issue . four . I have not see a issue in six month . the magazine be very artistic . it be large like Rolling Stone use to be . very nice fashion photograph and interview on art and fashion . too bad the company blow .
14	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I do live in Chicago , so my viewpoint may be different than that of someone who do not live here and probably only come here once a month .  i subscribe to this magazine 2 year ago , before the Tribune Co. buy it . it have several great article each month and be really relevant not only to people live in Chicago , but to those who have just move here . I still have several of those because they be so good to have .  some of my favorite , and headlining , article include : Chicago 's best new restaurant -lrb- May 2001 -rrb- , Chicago 's Guide to Summer -lrb- May 2001 -rrb- , 25 Weekend Getaways -lrb- June 2001 -rrb- , Guide to survive O'Hare -lrb- Feb. 2001 -rrb-  when I resubscribe 6 month ago -lrb- post Tribune buy out -rrb- I start to notice it be cater to a different set of people . it now at least seem to have a lot less article and they be a lot more relevant to people who live in the suburb , or be Chicago old-money . definitely cater to the 50 + crowd now .  from the Jan. 2003 edition : Chicago 's top doctor , from the Dec. 2002 edition : the most expensive thing in town , and look at this month 's highlight ` Chicago 's richest people ' . . why do I care ? I do not !!  i will not be renew my subscription to this formerly good magazine .
836	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	anyone who appreciate great photography , whether it be landscape , people , place , event , artwork , etc. and have any interest in a western lifestyle will love this magazine ! and they interview with topical people be great too . Russell Crowe be outstanding , and come out right around the Oscars !
453	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	it take a very long time for the 1st issue to come . I think I receive 1st issue roughly 3 month after place order on Amazon . I then move and promptly update change of address info . that be a least 3 month since i receive the 1st issue . I have still yet to receive 1st issue at new address !!! very poor service . Magazine itself be decent , but will probably just stick with Inc. & fast company after this subscription run out .
62	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	one photo on 12 , 2009 . in the article another tibet , a picture of local disco be obviously fake . look at the face , just some stupid actor . it be not real . there be no equipment in that disco . the door be not the disco should have . these door must be anti-fire , then they can get the permit to run business . as a person have 20 year experience living there , this fake photo be unacceptable . you should be ashamed .
476	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	excellent magazine for adult and kid alike . cover everything from culture , nature , geography , ecology to science and technology . in recent month it have tackle interesting and counterversial subject such as `` the end of cheap oil '' and `` global warming '' . in any edition you can review a wide spectrum of article -- history , science , wild life etc. . I particularly like the article on zipusa where they cover small -lrb- but unique and interesting -rrb- `` zip code '' . there be no better way to learn about diverse life form on this planet . where there be deep deep sea creature or animal live in the evergreen forest . there be no better way to learn about we solar system -- how planet be create or what be star ? recently there be a article on New Earths . my elder child enjoy read this magazine . believe I this be the best way to build interest around science for kid .
530	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a great Christmas gift appreciate by my family . thank you for a price that be competitive and a magazine that be worth far more .
548	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine be really obsess with celebrity . I mean , some be okay , but they think that celebrity be the center of we life . well , that be not true . it be a okay magazine but it really need to focus more on real issue . the title be also a little off . it be actually aim more at pre-teens . if you be a teen , you will probably want something more mature like CosmoGirl or seventeen .
25	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	receive first issue of this magazine and be surprise that it be not the regular magazine size it be more of a pocket size . great size for travel with .
229	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	do anybody really read this ? or , do file clerk just carry it around on the subway to impress each other ? it take Vogue 500 page to say nothing about people and thing of no significance in the real world . innocent tree be be slaughter to provide endless advertisement . it be the narcissist 's bible . I like to imagine that the editorial staff really sit around laugh every month about the worthless stuff they churn out -- just wait for people to realize that this be a hoax . I pray that Vogue be the publishing industry 's War of the world ! but then , I have always be a optomist .
445	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	you can not beat Vogue for great arrticle on art , culture , and design . however , the magazine be clearly gear toward the rich . do not expect any " cheaper version " of runway design . it be a great indulgence for those of we that want to live in a fantasy world of rich socialite .
580	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this subscription to National Geographic in late August . afterwards , I be tell I wont even get my first issue until late November . so prepare to wait a lifetime if you subscribe here . you may or may not have better luck through the publisher 's direct website .
557	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I enjoy the magazine good enough , I do . what I do not appreciate be that even if you have buy a subscription they make you pay if you want to access it via a mobile app . seriously ?! why on earth should I have to pay for it a second time ?! I guess that be one lesson learn on start a business , nickel and dime you current customer til they leave . well do .
474	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	National Geographic magazine continue to be a favorite of mine . the article vary widely and cover topic not find in other publication . Photography be first-rate . photo on ng.com website can be download and use for computer background . geography quiz -lrb- 5 question -rrb- include with each magazine be a tough challenge for family member as we see who score best each month . I pass the old issue on to elementary student I tutor .
262	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	the title speak for itself . I do not know how or why I be draw to this magazine when I be 14 . this magazine should be call j-4tween . ah . the title be very annoying . like twist , I only get this magazine when I be really really desperate for something to read . I sure as hell would not want my 12 year old daughter to wear mascara . if you have a tween and you want she to grow to become a pimpstress , get this . the only entertaining aspect of this magazine be the embarassing moment kind of thing -lrb- but of course -rrb- . other than that , no. . they feature pretty bland fashion . all in all , this magazine be just like twist . therefore , the age reccomendation be just 11 & 12 , but you be better off get GL for even more year worth of goodness -lrb- 10-15 yr . -rrb- because no , it be not cool to steal you sister 's damn boyfriend for pete 's sake .
414	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the magazine for those who like it hot .  while there be plenty of coverage of the so-hot-it-will-burn-your-face-off item , the bulk of the magazine cover mouth watering cooking that will be sure to please at any level of heat . each issue include about 50-75 recipe , all of which be high quality , useful , and practical . a recipe index in the front of the magazine list all the recipe by category .  Chili Pepper be print on glossy paper and contain load of beautiful photograph . in fact , the ad be also exceptionally beautiful and colorful , and in no way detract from the overall aesthetics of the magazine . hot sauce , salsa , powder , kitchen gadget , pepper plant , and a host of other thing can be find in the ad .  this be a great gift for those who like to spice it up !
176	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	I order this subscription in December -lrb- in time for snowmobile season -rrb- . I be tell I would not see a magazine until April . make no sense to I . why do i want to read about snowmobile after winter be over ?
956	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I can not understand why this be still list to sell here . I order this as a gift to my son before the holiday . they make it clear I would not receive until February and that be fine . but a day ago -lrb- January 20 -rrb- , Amazon email I to tell I my money have be refund . I write to they to ask why . someone call I from Amazon -lrb- that be a good thing that they follow up -rrb- , but she could not give a clear explanation for why it be cancel -- something to do with the seller have too many or not enough or ??? but if this be the case , why be this still be offer ? I be tempt to try order again to see what happen , but if this mean my son do not get he subscription , or we go through this again ?? and , again they warn it will take 6 week . this would not bother I so much if this be not still here advertise to sell .
31	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I cant believe that people be buy into this crap . pop artist and celebrity be worthless ! I hate all of they , and besides , they dont like you , so why should you like they ? hmmm ? Celebrity worship be very unhealthy , and unless its Dave Mustaine or Eddie Van Halen or somebody like that that you idolize , then you be just waste you life . who care about gossip or a few picture of that overrate as hell skank Paris Hilton ? if you buy this you be contribute to the downfall of America just like George Dubya , you would not want to be a dumb-f \*\* k clown like Dubya , would you ? read this be the equivilent of stick you head in a burning fireplace .
455	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the Digest 's cartoon in the December issue would be inappropriate in any magazine but in a catholic magazine it border on disgust and blasphemous !!! L. Giarratano
914	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I subscribe this VOGUE for 1 year and I doubt the quality of this US edition magazine . there be barely nothing in the magazine but advertisement . it seem a little bit attractive when you see the cover but nobody can not ever find a real thing in the magazine . 90 % of the content be ad . and the US VOGUE have no taste at all ! it be absolutely trash when it compare with italian VOGUE even Chinese VOGUE . I have read all the 12 issue and do not see any improvement\/change . stop read it might be a wise choice . I be glad now it be finally stop deliver .
926	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	the magazine be among the best out there , with article and exercise for all level . the subscription department however push the website and regardless of who I write my issue remain unresolved . it be sad such a great mag bring down by one department . I will continue to pickup the occasional newstand copy , but be tire of try to resolve my renewal issue to a unresponsive magazine . why they think I want to spend my spare time on the computer instead practice the guitar be beyond I .
439	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order this magazine for my granddaughter last summer . no issue ever arrive . I learn this many month later when I ask my granddaughter how she like it . when I call the magazine , I be tell they would send one or two replacement . they never arrive either . I would not order from they again .
515	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order the subscription on 11\/24\/09 Hope it only take 4-6 week . have two more week to go . could have order it direct from ng and start it right away but be $ 10.00 more . it may turn out to be a better buy if I do not receive it ...
623	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	so I usually get magazine through the mail -lrb- old-fashioned way -rrb- and overall I have get great result . I believe that if I get a magazine subscription through internet it would be easier and faster . be I wrong ! First of all it take almost 2 month to get the first magazine , and when I do I get a 2 month old magazine , and up to now I have yet to receive the August issue which come out to store almost three week ago . I definitely DO NOT recommend get magazine subscription through anywhere else besides the ancient , yet effective way of mail .
167	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I pick up a copy recently and find the same mind-numbing drivel -lrb- regard salmon in the Northwest -rrb- that can be find at any uber-leftist commune . all slant , even the fact . if the magazine be that far off base on something that I know quite a lot about , how can I trust anything else that it print from part of the world that I do not know ? ... I can not .
271	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	why the ... would I want to read about the celebrity ' life when I have my own life to live !!! I have say this once before ... be you own person ... !!! for the love of ... why do you people adore these people !!! wow do you think I care about stupid gossip and a few worthless picture to look at !!! make you own dream come true , be a leader not a follower !!! why should we care about celebrity when they do not care about we !!! the real people who deserve to acknowledge be not , but these celebrity be worship !!! I have nothing against MTV , but gosh this be a example of how it control the teens of America !!! MTV promote celebrity worship - which be unhealthy - , be bias of pop and rap , give teens the wrong meaning of music , and what the heck do the real world and viva la bam have to with music ... nothing , but hey they be two great show , yet nothing to do with music , be on Music Television !!! look , I like MTV but , I be no MTV zombie that follow by what MTV say be so call cool , J 14 , Teen people be example of this !!! people read a magazine that have a meaning to it not some more ... cheat from the tree !!! I give this stupid magazine a 1\/5 !!!
520	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Lewis H. Lapham be the reason I initially subscribe to Harper 's . he template and influence be still present . I enjoy my reading hobby and this magazine touch a lot of my reading hot button . investigative reporting be my red meat hot botton . perhaps the best book on that subject be Into the buzzsaw by Kristina Borjesson . if one read that , than one understand , what they need to know about a `` free press '' . despite those draw back -lrb- read the book -rrb- , Harper 's manage to touch some hot wire that be ever present in today 's envirnoment of elaborate pr facade . for example , the `` global warming ' that be allegedly cause by carbon dioxide . read -lrb- google -rrb- \/ climate Change : there be money to be make by Ken Silverstein Harper 's . another hot botton of mine be books\/literature , and Harper 's not only review several book , but select some for very in-depth anayls . another hot button of mine be science and they have a feature , every month : finding , which be quite good -lrb- short but sweet -rrb- . also , some article , at time , feature science story . another great feature they have every month be they `` Index '' feature , which relate some factual statistics on current topic that be in the public eye . another feature be `` reading '' , which be a eclectic assortment of various odds & end that cover thing that one would never imagine to come across . perhaps one of the most outstanding reason to subscribe be Harper 's provide access to its vast archive , date back to 1850 ! I access a article that note historian Charles Beard write in December 1931 title ` the myth of rugged american individualism ' . in it he document 15 example of government handouts\/subsidies to business when the country be sink into depression . it demolish the notion that business have single-handedly achieve the building of the country -lrb- or even its own special project -rrb- due to the acumen and strength of character of big american entreneur , reveal the extent to which government -lrb- as fund by the taxpayer -rrb- be not just instrumental , but a indespensable participant . government be engage in these project in such a way that corporation be primary beneficiary to the detriment of the public-such as the elaborate construction of network of highway favor the auto industry and big oil instead of cheap public transit . the giant business have enjoy tremendous benefit while command public policy agenda , distort public policy priority and expendature in way that be not in -lrb- or even against -rrb- the public interest . and then , even as they reap immense government subsidy , they have the audacity to preach ` individualism ' and self-sufficientcy to the american public , to tell Americans that we should demand nothing \/ expect nothing from the government we elect to address OUR need . this article of the past be representative of what a magazine should write today . unfortunately , it be not the case . all in all , a very worthwhile magazine in today 's mainstream media full of emptiness .
859	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	interview have be hit with a number of production problem over the last couple of year . the dual editor Glenn O'Brien and Fabien Baron coulnd ' t agree on content so Baron leave in January of 09 . Art director M\/M Paris come in for three issue but leave when they be not pay . o'brienn leave in the summer of '09 and Baron come back . the result ? well , the magazine never come on time -lrb- up to 2 month late , if at all ! -rrb- there be also a lot of double up the month , instead of October and November issue there be one October\/November issue combo , same with December and January . and this be write on February 7 , and still no February issue of the magazine have be mail . so subscribe at you own risk , because who know if Interview be go to be around long enough to fulfill you subscription . and at $ 6 a issue , it be really not worth buy it on the newsstand . and to update , it be now March 15 and I have receive no February issue or March issue . here be Interview 's response : `` we regret to inform you that we February issue will be deliver late due to production delay . please allow until March 10 , 2010 for delivery of this issue . we be sorry for the inconvenience this have cause . second Update : May 2nd no February Issue . no March Issue . no April Issue . no May issue . call up Interview and cancel my subscription and demand a full refund for service not render . final UPDATE : I ask for a complete refund and get it ! they be a lot faster mail out they refund check than they magazine !!!!! so again , do not waste you money on a subscription to Interview - you will not be mail any magazine .
371	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	a rise in Hell would be all the fairer as a god-breathed thing cast its beauty even in depths of darkness . I have grow quite fond of National Geographic Magazine over the past few year . I be not a subscriber . my parent be . yet , even as occasional bathroom light , this magazine have enlighten I on much and change my view on a subject more than once . be there any greater prophetic voice call out in the wilderness today ? none that I have find . National Geographic have be go after some huge issue : the diamond trade , modern slavery , global warming , the epidemic of obesity , nuclear waste . they have cover these issue well and cast a bright light on many of the world 's darkest place . in this new age -- where we have be soften and too often cozen by the prevalence of opinion , attitude and style over fact -- National Geographic be the one place I know I can go for hard hit journalism and writing -lrb- and excellent image -- let 's not forget that here -rrb- that rise above the everyday . this remarkable magazine accomplish all this and still cover the interesting place of the world -lrb- and beyond -rrb- with excellence . one recent article of this sort that spring to mind be one they do on Badlands National Park . I visit the park this summer and feel that my visit be deepen and enhance by have first read the article . I give National Geographic my highest recommendation .
320	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	I love j-14 . this be one of the few magazine that i think be worth subscribe to . it have all the latest gossip about star , the true or false section set you straight about some of the rumor fly around -lrb- be Mandy Moore and Kelly Osbourne really best friend ??? buy this to find out ! -rrb- and there be a bunch of poster from a variety of people . in the back there be top 10 's for hottest guy , hottest girl , best in pop , best in rock and more . though i do notice that in the music area they stick to mainly pop and rap artist and i be more of a punck and hard rock person . well , it all depend on what you like , but i reccomend this to anyone who like movie , music and fashion . Hope this help !
124	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if one be want to learn how to use spice and pepper in they cooking , this book be top . it be however , to expensive for old , fat , bald guy to pay for . a year 's subscription be in its own folder and maybe in the future , I will find a cheaper rate and re-subscribe .
906	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	since zero star be not a option , I settle for one . poorly write , this travesty of journalism demonstrate the problem with the right wing media ... they contempt for anything remotely moderate or progressive . if any of they contributor have ever read the constitution it would surprise I !
166	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	be it safe to say that National Geographic be the finest magazine in the world ? ok . I 'll go out on a limb and say it : `` National Geographic be the finest magazine in the world . '' there . I have say it . you simply can not beat the always compelling write about far-off and far-out place and thing , the stunning photography and the unobtrusive design that allow the reader to concentrate on both . bonus : map ! National Geographic usually have a few issue a year that feature suitable for the office wall-type map . who do not love map ? never subscribe ? look for 3-4 long -lrb- probably about 6,000-8 ,000 word -rrb- feature per issue . each feature impecably write , painstakingly research and accompany by those jaw drop photo . this be must-have stuff and it kick the stuff out of another night of tv .
447	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	Hawaii magazine be the magazine of the state , but they be not even in the state of Hawaii . Hawaii Magazine be publish , edit , and design all in Southern California by the same folk that publish Cat Fancy Magazine . Hawaii be a unique and magical place , and that magic can not be capture from a office thousand of mile away . this show in the page of the magazine , it be just not `` Hawaii '' . in addition the printing be dull and the color be flat , the paper be thin and the story be water down press release . Hawaii deserve something better . try Islands Magazine - it be a great magazine , even if only a portion of it cover Hawaii .
684	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I have be subscribe to Nat Geo Magazine for year now and truly look forward to each and every issue I receive . it be high quality in every way - from the writing of the article , to the outstanding photograph , to the paper it be print on . it be rare that I skip any article in the magazine - I read they from cover to cover . I wish there be more magazine with the reputation and amazing quality that National Geographic produce each month .
573	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	subscribe only if you have plenty of time on you hand and little to do with it . it be very slick , nice to look at , but irrelevant . not worth either the time or the money unless you have lot of one or the other or a obsession with ultra modern building .
344	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I will no longer subscribe to National Geographic . this year we start get unsolicited junk from either National Geographic or they `` partner '' company masquerade as National Geographic and then bill we for the dvd , map , etc. . I express my concern in a letter to National Geographic about the problem and they do not bother to contact I . of course now they be send these bogus bill to they `` collection department . '' no more national geographic magazine ever !
249	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	I order it because they send I a subscription card for $ 12 ... luckily that be all I pay . you might appreciate this magazine if you be in you forty , have 5 child , be a doctor or lawyer , and thrive on statistics . every issue focus on compare we to other city , primarily New York , and be a general bear . there be nothing one could actually utilize , or would want to , in the entertainment\/restaurant section . I have never be so eager for a subscription to end . I can not believe Amazon suggest buy this along with Time out Chicago , who I have turn to for real information , colorful interview , and article that honestly do feel like Chicago do . Yuck ... all the focus on rich people make I want to puke . why do not they count up some statistics on how many Chicagoans actually fit you sickeningly rich profile ? 5 percent ? they March issue explain that a d-i-n-k couple make a combined $ 120,000 a year struggle just as much as a single mother make $ 15,000 base on they choice really top it off : this magazine be out of touch .
491	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	when I be a little girl I always try to steal my friend mother 's `` Cosmopolitan '' . I do not really understand what Cosmo really be , but at the time I truly believe that be what every woman read . my mother find I read it with my friend and almost lose she mind , when I come back from school a vogue be wait for I in the mailbox . I think it be my mother 's but she tell I if I be go to idolize a woman 's magazine and would not stick to my highlight or american Girl , I would idolize something sensible . I be just a little girl glance at the glossy page of high end clothing from Chanel and Yves Saint Laurent , loving each beautiful model , amaze by the greatest photo ever take for a fashion magazine -lrb- Annie Leibovitz have become the most use and artistically draw photographer use by Vogue -rrb- , and the best article that can be use for brainless reading material or important advice . six year later I be still read Vogue -lrb- and can use the advice more productively than I could have when I be twelve . -rrb- I sort of mature faster than other girl , while they be talk about who be they take for the dance , I be discuss why the price of silk and taffeta be lower due to China 's economy expansion and about Tom Ford design for the retire Yves Saint Laurent ... well not exactly but you get my point . one down side be I have get addict to the evil the Vogue bring . from it be amazing ad , I have come to love the more expensive thing in life , like designer handbag and beautiful coat . I have even go on more diet I can count -lrb- but this come from Anna Wintour , who even tell Oprah `` I would love to be on we cover -- but you have to loose 30 '' , the woman be persistant about thinness in she magazine . -rrb- however , I truly feel that I have become the woman I be today instead of boxer wear tomboy with no manners at all , because of Vogue . the reason I give only four star be because I be truly start to apperciate W Magazine . it have the need to know gossip , the longer page , and more of a down to earth approach for those who really do not associate , or can stand , the socialite world .
931	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Great magazine , order via Amazon.com with no shipping issue . Magazine arrive within 4 week . extremely fair price . the only downside would be the numerous amount of additional purchase item card inside the magazine . . but every magazine 's get they .
81	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	about a month ago we order a subscription for J-14 magazine for my child . we have not receive the magazine . I be start to think we will never receive the magazine .
830	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	where do I begin ? this magazine have it all for fan of sci-fus , the only periodical which can rival it be Asimov 's . but , if you be like I , you like a combination of real science as well as the fiction , and Analog excel at bring both to the reader . I always feel a sense of anticipation when open up a new issue of Analog , it be just so consistently good . if you have never try Analog before , and love sci-fus , I would say get a copy today , or better yet , subscribe , you will not be sorry .
451	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	... then you will love Vogue ! vogue be the fashion magazine -- the competition pale in comparison . this gem do not only supply beauty and fashion advice , it breathe it . I love the article on the latest fashion , love the profile on the latest designer and I absolutely love the layout take from runway show in London , Paris , Milan , New York , etc. . I shall continue to renew my subscription as long as Vogue continue to maintain my healthy diet of Valentino and Prada .
127	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i order the magazine a month ago and have not receive the first issue yet so i can not review it !
819	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	WOW , i remember Interview in the 90 , when it be well design , thoughtfully write and entertaining . the current incarnation be none of the above . Photography wise , every issue look the same , high contrast photo . the amount of smoking as see in the image be shocking . be it require to appear in the magazine with a cigarette ? the design be terrible but masquard as good . the type be too small , the layout work against the reader , but if you can manage to be bother to read a article , it be very ho hum . I be so bummed . it be not worth even the $ 10 or whatever for the year .
527	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	Great Magazine , always full of varied and interestring topic mostly under a `` scientific '' or `` nature '' theme . awesome photo . Educational and interesting read . highly recomend it to everyone !
586	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	I buy this magazine for my 10 year-old son . he always find interesting article and picture . it be well worth the price for such great quality .
