index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
960	Movies_TV	POS	5	let I start off by say I have never previously like any of the Doctor-Who series outside of the Tom Baker episode . the US try to do a new version of Doctor-Who year ago and it be awful . I do not expect this new attempt at bring Doctor-Who back to be any better , but from the very first episode be really impressed with not only the production value , but the character and story themselves . when so soon , they already change the doctor to a new actor only in the second series , I be again prepare for a let down , but I actually like this doctor better , and he seem to have a little bit of `` Tom Baker '' personality that come out too . I be really enjoy this second series set , when I come across the double episode story `` Army of Ghosts '' and `` Doomsday '' which be the two last episode on this set , but really a two-parter of the same story . these two episode , be the best doctor-who episode of all time , in my opinion , and remember , I be a Tom Baker fanatic . there be three reason I make this the most amazing Doctor-Who episode off all time , -lrb- to date -rrb- but I will not mention the first reason , because that would ruin the surprise for those that have not see the episode and give away something that be more enjoyable to find out when watch for the first time . the second reason would be the great production value , it stand up with any major production motion picture make for theater , and this be for only a television series ? wow ! the third reason be the emotional feeling I go through after watch this last episode on this set . I have never go through anything like that ever from watch Doctor-Who . I have to admit , I like Billie Piper as the Doctor 's companion , -lrb- and the only other companion I have like since Romana -rrb- but since she be mostly know prior as just a teen pop star -lrb- like the UK 's version of Britney Spears -rrb- I do not expect she act ability to do what she do in `` Doomsday '' the last episode in this second series set . I be very impressed . see that Series three -lrb- not yet available to I as of this review -rrb- have a new companion for the Doctor , I be again hessitant that I will like it , but will have to see . however , even if you be a die hard Tom Baker fan , I think you will find this second series of `` Doctor-Who the next generation '' to be one you will not be disappoint with and really will enjoy ! especially the last two episode on this set !!
185	Movies_TV	POS	5	Disney , Disney , Disney how do you change a classic ? upgrade to dvd .
402	Movies_TV	NEG	1	this movie lack any level of credibility . the technology be ridiculous from the start and get worse as the movie continue . I do not care about any of the people in this movie at all and I never see a point in any of the action . it be almost as though the character be compel to do the most outlandish thing possible instead of think about a normal and believable way out of they predicament .
146	Movies_TV	POS	5	I think the first series of Doctor who be amazing , but the second series just take my breath away . it be like a mixture of the x-file and slider . I be on the edge of my seat with each exciting adventure , wonder how Rose and the doctor be go to escape the alien or the robot or the zombie . Rose and she mother -lrb- although sometimes get on my nerve -rrb- be much more likeable this season . and I can not say enough good thing about the doctor . he be so charismatic and funny , yet serious and dramatic when he need to be . I can hardly wait for the third series .
605	Movies_TV	POS	5	this digitally restore platinum edition of the Disney classic breathe new life into the movie , put it in front of a new generation of viewer with more vibrant color that stand out and surround sound that will make you jump off you couch . as for the story , it really never get old . like Dumbo , Pinnochio or Bambi , one can watch it over and over and feel like the first day , when you dream alongside the gang , that you could fly to Neverland . the extra contain definitely make for a interesting complement , with the segment with Disney himself top the list . as a package , if you do not already own the movie , it be highly recommendable , and if you do , it may not be a bad idea to sell you use movie and get you hand on this great collector 's item .
360	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I miss the day of Disney classic with good storytelling and good theme . unfortunately , Disney have not tell a good animated story since Tarzan . Pixar do it well , but Disney insist on recycle they old classic in the way of straight to dvd movie . Cinderella III be just another sophomoric recycling of a Disney classic . the plot be unbelievable and silly -lrb- how could the Fairy Godmother be so careless ? -rrb- , the character sound like every other animated character , the song be generic Broadway and all sound the same , and why do the stepsister have such beautiful singing voice ? in the original Cinderella , they could not carry a tune to save they life . do they tone-deafness all of a sudden disappear ? if you have child , this may amuse they , although this no where near capture the spirit of the original . the quality of this be no greater than a Saturday morning cartoon .
672	Movies_TV	NEG	2	my daughter really like this movie but we have to have many reminder that woman arent `` easy to trick when they be jealous '' and that native american do not act like they do in the movie . I do not like censorship of any kind but in this day and age I cant just let this movie be see without a discussion of `` fantasy vs. reality '' .  if you want to have this in you collection , by all means do so , it be a classic story , and in defense of Disney , Barrie be a notorious mysogenist , however , a discussion of stereotype would be a nice way to offset this sometimes mean-spirited movie .
474	Movies_TV	NEG	1	the racism make this movie inappropriate . I regret buy it for my three-year-old and will not be show it a second time .
909	Movies_TV	POS	5	Will Smith be just great ! the technology that the terrorist use be so awesome !! everyone should own a copy of this great film !
755	Movies_TV	POS	4	enemy of the state be a fun exciting great movie to watch . the acting be great , the plot be great and the movie as a whole be well think and intelligent . I recommend anyone who want to see a exceptional movie with a lot of action to buy enemy of the state .
34	Movies_TV	POS	5	great movie . it be deliver in awsome timee I recomend this movie to everyone with kid .
682	Movies_TV	POS	5	I guess I be extremely spoil by season 1 -lrb- see my review there -rrb- , wait all those year to find that once the show have return , it be back with a spine tingling , take you breath away with excitement , jump out of you seat in disbelief of such glorious script and performance , absolute freak vengeance . now , onto series 2 , I be in no doubt look and expect nearly the same , albeit with a different actor at the helm . this be nothing different for who fan , and with some slim exception , it all work out well . I know some of you say we can not compare this and series one , or this and that , but hey , it be what who fan have be do throughout time . I firmly believe that as a entire season , last season series 1 of the new show rank up there as possibly the best full run of episode in who be full run . have to follow that would be a true test indeed , and while I think season 2 be very enjoyable , it be not quite as strong as 1 . there be evidence even in the promising first episode , the Christmas Invasion , that there be some little je ne sais quoi that I could not quite put a finger on , that make be ever so slightly down a notch from the high impact of season 1 's show . there be further evidence when it come to season 2 's first real episode , New Earth , as it muddle along without a whole lot of excitement to take in . thankfully , after the very good reunion of the doctor , Sarah Jane , & K9 , the show seem to keep creep up and up in excitement quality , until the brilliant season finale two parter . in fact , this two part mind blow season finish , be probably the first time I have feel as ecstatic as I do watch the entire first series episode . I be displeased that the second season never feel as unique as series 1 , but nonetheless still have fun watch yet another strong run of episode in who be continue history . after think about it more and more , I come to the realization that it be less David Tennant vs. Eccleston that make the two series different , and more about the strong writing of series 1 compare to the medoicre script of season 2 . season 1 just have more snappy dialogue for the doctor , more impactful event tightly weave into the 50 minute episode , and overall better story . that be not to say this season do not have it be share of goody , include one of my favorite , idiot 's Lantern , deal with supernatural event in the 1950 's , and lead into the very spooky two parter , the impossible planet , and the Satan pit . it be just I could not help but think when I watch season 1 , that this be hand down the best show on tv , the best sci-fus episode on tv , and the best who in a long time . with season 2 , I can not safely say that I enjoy it better than say a season of the dead Zone , Stargate , or Stargate Atlantis , but I can say it be a very enjoyable piece of sci fi and another superb addition to the who Universe . I just wish the script be tighter and flow better . on to David Tennant . it take I a few episode , for I to take a liking to he , but quickly find that he be just as quirky a doc as any predecessor and deserve he worthy place among the rest . he can bring he serious side out just as quickly and believable as he distinct , flamboyant one . I think have he a second season will be a welcome event , after have Eccleston for one short one . hopefully , they will get the write a little more up to snuff , and the excitement level , so I can once again , safely say there be nothing better on tv than who . for right now , I can not , but it be still a excellent season of who , a smooth transition into a new doctor , and leave at a point where this new , yet old , franchise can continue to grow . here 's look toward season 3 ...
845	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I order this item from Jennifer Hale on Jan. 1st , but I do not receive it as of February 1 . in addition , no reply to my twice e-mail . I lose money and time . how do I get a refund ? unpleasant . . terrible . .
198	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I recently buy Disney 's Peter Pan dvd for my 3 year old son . I be a very protective parent and do not allow my kid to watch just any kind of programming . be Disney the reputed company that it be and give that be have a `` g '' rating , I blindly let my son watch this movie with its spanish audio track , since my kid speak spanish only . to my surprise , it be full of racial slur against native Americans and violent language content . it seem that Disney have edit the English audio track to make it `` politically correct '' and eliminate offensive content , while not do so in the spanish track . for example , in the scene where the kid and Peter Pan be talk about have happy thought , little boy John say -lrb- in the English track -rrb- : `` I think I 'll be a indian brave '' , while in the spanish track it say : `` yo muchos indios voy a matar '' -lrb- `` I be go to kill lot of Indians '' -rrb- . this be just a example of a array of violent language content include in this dvd . I lose count of how many time the word `` kill '' come up in this movie . no surprise that now my 3 year old be go around say `` I be go to kill you '' to anyone . this be a outrage and I wonder why English speak kid deserve to be protect from this kind of language , and spanish speaking kid do not . this be a terrible , terrible mistake . Disney be a company for kid everywhere in the world , no matter what language they speak . I be now weary of buy additional Disney movie for my son . as a mother I be deeply surprised , disappointed , and sadden by this fact .
527	Movies_TV	POS	5	I have see this movie on dvd 4 time in a month . it be a example of what yu wanna see ... exciting , believable plot , fantastic production & act from Will , Gene & ` that guy ' from the NSA . if you wanna show off yur dvd to friend , show this ...
557	Movies_TV	NEG	2	my wife and I be big Disney fan and purchase this movie with a lot of anticipation . we be both extremely disappointed . almost all of the character in this film be cruel and unlikeable , include Peter Pan himself . Tinkerbell be nasty and consume with jealousy , completely one-dimensional , and Peter be a shallow , self-absorbed imp . it be hard to imagine anyone -- especially sweet wendy -- like he . even minor character like the mermaid be give a jealous , petty edge .  the playful theme that we associate with the Peter Pan tale be almost nowhere to be find in this movie . I can see by all the positive review that my view be in the minority , and that be okay . I really want to like this movie , but could not . I keep hope that Captain Hook -- who have he hand cut off by Peter and feed to a crocodile -lrb- ! -rrb- -- could get ahold of bratty Peter and teach he a lesson .
615	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I be sorry to say that the ` new ' version of Peter Pan do not leave out the terribly racist scene depict Indians as redman unable to speak in complete sentence , willing to make anyone a member of they tribe and hand out eagle feather to anyone who come around . I be surprise this fly now a day , but apparently people be not bother by racism when those offend be fewer in number . it would be interesting to see what the backlash would be if this be another minority group . if you wish to raise tolerant child , pick another movie .
531	Movies_TV	NEG	1	it be hard to put into word how bad this movie really be . normally , I have never have any issue with Disney sequel , like some people do ; in fact , I like they . I love Cinderella II because it play with the idea of the ` what happen after happily ever after ' ? Cinderella II be entertaining , for I , and it do not alter anything of the original story . this movie however be a disaster ; both of my girl be extremely disappoint by this movie . like someone else say it be a insult to the first movie and I would say the second one too . it seem that the producer , or writer , who make this movie could not think of any good story line , and end up only repeat the same thing over and over again . worst of all , it look like they do not bother to do any story continuance with Cinderella II . in that movie , Anastasia have already meet someone she love -lrb- the baker -rrb- and apparently she even have go to the palace to dance with he . in this story that start in Cinderella 's first wedding anniversary -lrb- which have the kid assume that Anastasia 's story already happen -rrb- we go back to Anastasia hate Cinderella and there be no mention of the baker . Anastasia be look for true love , but the problem be that if you follow the movie she be suppose to have find it already . the producer annul the first two movie so they could tell again a story that do not need fix . now it do need fix , because annul two wonderful movie so they can give we a mediocre sequel be quite a achievement . the movie be so absolutely horrendous that even the song be hard to listen too . the movie have nothing good to entertaining you with , but have plenty to leave you fume for hour if you be a Disney or Cinderella fan . to make thing worst , they deliver a mortal blow at the end of the movie when Cinderella and Prince charming first year of marriage it be erase and they start all over again . so Cinderella 's first wedding never exist and we instead get that less than satisfy end . what be that for ? be they plan another sequel ? I hope that this be not the case ; because I be go to stick this movie very far down in a closet and pretend it be never make . it make I weep for what they have do to Walt Disney 's creation .
750	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I order both the Walt Disney Peter Pan video and the Mary Martin Peter Pan video for my son at the same time and the difference between the two be shocking . Walt Disney have exaggerate to the point of stereotype many aspect of the story . for example , Tinkerbell , who represent a spirit in the story of Peter Pan , in the Walt Disney version be such a flirt and jealous , as well as overly concern with how big she hip be that the whole meaning of she be lose . the indian in the Walt Disney version be stereotyped as well and I be shock that as my son now say Indians do not have face . the Walt Disney version contain much unnecessary violence . all and all the Mary MArtin Peter Pan be so much more heart-warming and magical and fun .
915	Movies_TV	NEG	1	Pretty decent movie , fast pace , keep you interest . however , this be not a widescreen anamorphic dvd . instead , it be a inferior , old-tech letterboxed edition . in other word , you can still see it correctly in you widescreen tv , but with a magnify setting ; therefore , you lose vertical resolution . do not buy this inferior-quality product .
728	Movies_TV	POS	5	a great movie for both kid and adult . a big fan of Disney , this be one of my favorite !!
471	Movies_TV	POS	5	when you hear the name `` Will Smith '' you think comedy . well in this film he prove he be much much more . probably the highest pay black actor and with very good reason . with extreme talent he play he role in the film very nicely . Jean Hackman be also brilliant . get the film !
738	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I buy this product after read the review . after watch some amateur do bollywood dancing , I really want to try it out , as it look like a attractive and fun style of dance . I make two attempt at complete this dvd and find that this dance workout do not consist of fun bollywood dance move , but be mostly make up of boring stretch movement . I want to give this product zero star as I do not plan on use it again , which really highlight the fact that I get nothing out of this dvd . however , amazon seem to let I give a minimum of one !
431	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I 'll be brief . enemy of the state be a good action flick with a lousy transfer to dvd . if you have a standard television stop read this review now : you will not notice what I be talk about . if you be run a 16:9 tv then read on .  like many before , this supposedly `` wide screen '' version be nothing of the sort . the dvd be encode in a standard 4:3 image , with black bar mat the top and bottom . in other word , this be a non-anamorphic transfer . what that mean be that the image you be see be lower resolution than a standard NTSC tv signal because of the fewer vertical line present . on a 16:9 tv the image look `` squish '' shorter and `` stretch '' longer . most 16:9 tv 's have a mode that can re-stretch the image to achieve the proper aspect ratio . the problem there be now the horizontal line be clearly visible throughout the film .  I wish studio would stop the absurd practice of release `` mat '' widescreen transfer , and only call a dvd `` Widescreen '' if the transfer be anamorphic . but as long as they be do it , hopefully enough people will protest to get the studio 's attention .
938	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I be totally mislead on this purchase . I see no where that it be a VHS . I be under the impression it be a dvd . due to the fact I have no VHS anymore , it have never be use . unfortunately , it be a gift and until it be open , I do not know the problem . quite embarrassing at the time . also , I have throw away the packaging papers and can not return it .
546	Movies_TV	POS	4	enemy of the state be flashy , big budget , adrenalin-pumping cinema as only director Tony Scott and producer Jerry Bruckheimer can concoct . it be raucously entertaining and most certainly a strident rally film for the conspiracy theorist . now I do not know just how accurate the movie be in term of the technology depict -lrb- I would say fairly accurate -rrb- or of the dubious length to which we government will stoop to achieve its end , but , certainly , the sincere and bravura acting of the high power cast lend this over the top film a element of plausibility . several spoiler here : when a nature photographer -lrb- Jason Lee -rrb- accidentally tape the cold-blooded murder of a high profile congressman , it set off a chain of event which horrifyingly affect and endanger Washington , D.C. attorney Robert Dean -lrb- Will Smith -rrb- . when a corrupt , high ranking agent of the National Security Agency come to believe that Dean have in he possession evidence which will incriminate he , he and he henchman turn Dean 's universe instantly topsy turvy ; as a result of they manipulation , Robert Dean be summarily fire from he law firm , frame in the newspaper , accuse of have a affair with a ex-flame and current informant , and strip of he finances . even he cell phone stop function . he be bug six way from Sunday and be reduce to run for he life clothe in he undies . it be hard work evade these determine people as Dean be easily pinpoint by the NSA 's use of aerial surveillance and sundry tracking device . but Dean receive unexpected aid from a enigmatic ex-intelligence agent -lrb- gene Hackman , again act with ferocity -rrb- as he try desperately to stay one step ahead of he powerful , omnipresent pursuer and somehow salvage the remnant of he life . you have to hand it to Scott and Bruckheimer , when they get together -lrb- DEJA VU , CRIMSON TIDE , TOP gun -rrb- , they enthusiasm know no bound . this rapidly pace hi-tech thriller\/chase film take Hitchcock 's innocent man on the run premise and insert its own brand of polished action sequence and well-executed stunts\/fx . there be no question it be slickness . it be also enhance by the solid performance of everyman will Smith , the surly gene Hackman , and the villainous Jon Voight . Regina King , Jamie Kennedy , Jack Black , and Lisa Bonet -lrb- still sexy -rrb- all contribute nicely in support role . enemy of the state be a cautionary fable which raise the issue of national security and of we government 's constant need to gather intel for we own protection , but juxtapose against that be the violation incur to we civil rights , and , how , depend on the man , certain moral line be easier to cross in pursuit of the big picture . as someone say , `` absolute power corrupt absolutely . '' this film would have we believe that , with the application of space satellite imagery , super dedicated camera , various transmitter and tap , we government can now have access to we privacy at a moment 's whim . the sobering thing here be that the frighteningly detailed surveillance technology show in this film - which would make J. Edgar Hoover cream in he dress - be , no doubt , in existence and be probably in steady use - for we own good , of course . suck for we and the so-called american way of life . I be sure , somewhere , George Orwell be say , `` see - I tell you . ''
939	Movies_TV	POS	5	David Tennant be brilliant as the doctor ! I love this series , and my only complaint be that it be only 13 episode long !
840	Movies_TV	POS	5	what can I say I grow up on Doctor who , to see it back in production be a thrill for I . David Tennet do a very good job as the doctor .
159	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I will not lie . it be be over six year since I have actually see this movie . back then I do not like it . I still do not . but now , I have realize something : there be symbolism in this movie . you see , Peter Pan represent a certain someone . who , you ask ? come closer . now , we all know that the character Tinkerbell be model after , -lrb- or at least draw to the likeness of -rrb- , Marilyn Monroe . coincidence ? I do not think so . can you guess who Pan be yet ? oh-kay , Peter Pan stand for John F. Kennedy - you know , irresponsible , young , womanize , etc. . do not believe I ? look at Pan ! he be dress in green , the color of the Irish . he associate with not one , not two , but three woman in this film . sound like JFK to I . wendy stand as the voice of reason , Jackie . Captain Hook , of course , be Lee Harvey Oswald , and that alligator ... or crocodile ... thing , be Jack Ruby . Odd , be not it ?  Well , I hope you have enjoy this little essay ... or review ... or ... ah , whatever .
929	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I truly can not . first of all , will smith be not a good actor . in the movie he be suppose to play a lloyer but he never once in the entire movie show the face of a lloyer . a thing that really piss I off be every time that guy be go in to see jon voight at he office , they always have to show that guy 's thumb gee press into that i.d. checker . if they be try to show the security of the office , sure , okay , show the thumb once or twice but not four or five freak time . the only reason that they make the camera look at the thumb so many time be so they can make time cause the movie have nothing . i would also like to say at this time that the person who play will 's wife -lrb- bacon lip be what i 'll call she -rrb- look so ridiculous in that lingerie . i like the end though , i think it be a very smart end but that be it . i would also like to say with ease that there be no such thing as a building that can moniter everyone in the planet , i mean , do you know how much money it will cost for the government to know that you be be at this moment reading this review .
625	Movies_TV	NEG	2	this be suppose to be a thriller . ok , whatever ... the viewer obviously know that Will Smith will emerge from this harrowing adventure more or less intact , so there really be not any tension create by put he character in peril . therefore , the only tension & suspense the producer of this film can hope to create come from play on the audience 's sense of paranoia . `` oh my god , what if the government really be watch my every word & deed ? '' think the audience . oh my god , this could actually be happen ! all you have to do be read some of the review here and you will see that paranoia be a major factor in this film 's appeal .  all I could think of as I watch this film be , give I a break . one rogue NSA bureaucrat , support by a handfull of computer geek , and they be suppose to be able to conduct a operation this vast ? be you kid I ? have anyone ever hear of information overload ? I do not doubt that a good deal of this technology exist , but let 's get real folk -- if the NSA be really conduct surveillance on this scale , the amount of raw datum the agency would have to sift through simply boggle the mind . the NSA would have to employ half the population of the USA to spy on the other half . if the NSA 's surveillance be this bush-league , most of we could commit all manner of security breach and never get catch ! ironically , I find myself feel more secure about not be scrutinize by the government after have see this film .  as to the film itself -- sure , all the chase scene be grip , the camera angle be great , blah blah blah . the production value in this movie be top-notch , but so what ? Bruckheimer & Tony Scott can do movie like this in they sleep , so it be no big deal . the same can be say for Jon Voight & Gene Hackman , who pretty much phone it in with they role . from a production standpoint , this movie be indistinguishable from the hundred of other so-called thriller that the Hollywood machine have churn out over the last few year . Ho hum . overall , this just really be a thoroughly mediocre film .
540	Movies_TV	NEG	2	this be a gift for my granddaughter . I see part of the movie but be not impressed as I like more animation and less cartoon .
243	Movies_TV	NEG	1	this be the second set of Dr who Series two that I order -lrb- after return the first due to a bad dvd -rrb- and there be a bad dvd in this set as well . will return and order a third set .
424	Movies_TV	POS	5	this movie totally kick ! a excellent high tech movie for all viewer ! Watch this movie ! and remember ! BIG BROTHER be WATCHING !!!
619	Movies_TV	POS	5	this be the definitive version of the Peter Pan Story , I will assume that most reading this review have see this or other version . I be glad to say that the movie on the dvd be as I have see it in the movie theater . some thing that I be worry would be completely or partially edit out include the Indians , and the Pixie dust . although some could say that the song the Indians sing be less then politically correct and the pixie dust could be a substitute for drug abuse . however , everything be there , Disney seem to be learn that we want they as they first appear in the theater . but , if you take those thing out you do not have Peter Pan . one thing that be remove after the first release , by Walt Disney himself -lrb- reportedly -rrb- , be the story of how Peter assist Tinker Bell after she injure from bomb which Captain Hook intend for Peter . just watch the film , one moment she light be dim -lrb- similarly to what happen in the stage play -rrb- and in the next edit Tink be just fine . I be hop that they would have put this on the dvd , but , I have not find it . the stage play use poison instead of a bomb , so it be understandable that they do not put that in the Disney film , too similar to drug use . from what I have read , Peter sing a song and that bring Tink back to full health . any how , the extra feature on the dvd be great , other than the miss song mention earlier . there be some extra feature that seem strange , like the virtual fight over London , it be limited -lrb- to put it nicely -rrb- . could have be better , if you could choose which direction to go or fly up and down , otherwise any low budget video game be much better . overall , I be happy with this dvd edition and will wait for a Legacy edition -lrb- a dvd with the original and all the sequel -rrb- before I by another version , even hd , of Peter Pan . hopefully , Disney will put all the miss sens in newer version .
747	Movies_TV	NEG	2	sorry , Peter , but I grow up . actually , it be more than that . wendy be not exactly a feminist , after all , and the Indians be not in any sense native Americans . the joke about they be not the sort that would be acceptable today . and it be too late for the dream of a boy who never grow up . we have hear about `` the Peter Pan syndrome , '' and I even marry one . that be Husband Number three , actually . there be also the fact that it be very much a boy ' story , and for more reason than the unrealistic depiction of female : wendy , Tinkerbell and Tiger Lily . even as a child , I do not see the point to the fake combat against the Indians and the pirate . and I consider Peter impossibly arrogant ; I still do . I would not recommend this to you child and grandchild , unless you be prepare to do a good bit of explain the difference between 1953 and 2012 .
137	Movies_TV	NEG	1	this movie be horrible and ruin how magnificent the first original one be , it might be great for little kid to watch but Disney make sequel after sequel and they just keep make all of the original look so bad . this movie try to be comedic and it be not , it be stupid funny . Anastasia meet a guy in the 2nd one but in the third she talk about never find true love and try to steal away the prince until the end , the stepmother be not wear the same color dress when they flash back , the voice be not even close to the original , except for the stepmother , the fairy godmother some how manage to stay frozen even when they go back into time , it just do not make any sense on how they make this movie . Walt Disney would be roll over in he grave with how many poorly make sequel Disney have do , it make Disney look like they be be desperate to make money when clearly they be wealthy enough !! do not buy this movie rent it and burn it , it be not as much money to WASTE !!!
787	Movies_TV	NEG	1	the movie be not very good . the plot be interesting . but Will Smith be not a action star . Barry Pepper and Gene Hackman where the only two who hold it together , save you money .
508	Movies_TV	POS	5	I love this movie . I have two child , I sit down , and I be so surprised how good this be . I watch the whole movie . my only problem be this should have be title 1 1\/2 . its like go backward . before Anastasia meet the baker and fall in love in number 2 . so thats weird . if you can get over that . and forget two its a great movie . my daughter say just to think of the twist in Time as number 2 ; and number 2 movie as 3 . she be smart enough at 8yr to figure it out and I do not have to tell she . but its a beautiful story , more of the prince which would be nice for boy and lot of action . I still give it a a +
319	Movies_TV	POS	5	Peter Pan be one hour and sixteen minute and be release in theater on February 5 , 1953 . Peter Pan tell the story of a young boy who refuse to grow up , but at time act like a adult . the story begin at the home of George and Mary Darling whose three child -lrb- wendy , John , and Michael -rrb- . after send the child to bed , George and Mary Darling leave they home to attend a formal party . Peter Pan arrive at the child 's nursery to find he shadow . when he do , Wendy offer to sew it on for he . Peter Pan offer to take the child to never land and teach they how to fly as well with faith , hope and some pixie dust from Tinker Bell . by the way to get to never land take the second star to the right and straight on till morning . as soon as they reach never land they be fire at by Captain Hook . Captain Hook want revenge at Peter for cut off he left hand and feed it to the crocodile . Peter Pan save the child . later in the day Peter Pan rescue Tiger Lily from Captain Hook who want she to reveal the location of Peter Pan . Captain Hook eventually do find Peter Pan 's hideout and plant a bomb to destroy he . Tinker Bell come to the rescue and save Peter Pan . Peter Pan fly over to Captain Hook ship and the two of they have they final fight . in the end Peter Pan take the child back home . I know I leave a lot of the story out but I want to add some other information to my review . first this be the first Peter Pan that a male actor play the lead ; in previous play and movie Peter Pan be play by a female . it be Margaret Kerry and not Marilyn Monroe who be the model for Tinker Bell . in keep with the stage version tradition , Hans Conried voice both George Darling and Captain Hook . Peter Pan be the last movie the Disney 's famed `` Nine Old Men '' work on together . also this be the last movie to be distribute by RKO Radio Pictures . in this film version Tinker Bell actually have a body ; in the stage version she be represent by a beam of light . finally this be Disney 's 14th animated feature . Peter Pan be a excellent movie and get a aaaaa + + + + + . one foot note to add , watch the audio commentary host by Roy Disney and learn more of the making of Peter Pan . dvd extra Play Movie Chapter selection Set up Sneak Peeks I. Beauty and the beast ii . Cinderella II : dream come true iii . the hunchback of Notre Dame II iv . the man adventure of Winnie the Pooh V. Tarzan and Jane VI . 101 Dalmations II VII . magic happen Bonus Features I. The make of Peter Pan II . the Peter Pan Story - original 1952 Theatrical Promotional Featurette III . Audio Commentary host by Roy Disney IV . a exclusive look at Walt Disney 's return to Neverland V. Peter Pan still Frame Gallery VI . follow the Leader Song-Along song vii . Peter Pan 's Playful Prank Storybook VIII . Pirate Treasure Hunt Game ix . dvd rom VHS EXTRAS Previews I. Mulan II . the little mermaid iii . Flubber iv . the Brave Little Toaster go to Mars V. Melody Time Bonus Feature \* you can fly ! the make of Peter Pan
151	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I be not impressed . although this dvd receive some high rating , I tend to agree with those who give it only a few star . the video seem throw together and unorganized . I get the concept but you would be better off put in you favorite music cd and dancing around . the narration be annoying and the workout be bore because it feel like there be no structure . I would pass on this video . just my personal recommendation .
535	Movies_TV	POS	4	my 3 year old love this movie . some fun new original song . plot and cinemetography be typical of straight to dvd title but still good like you expect from Disney .
805	Movies_TV	POS	5	I have always be a Doctor who fan , ever since I be 5 visit with my grandparent in England . we wont go into detail of how long ago that be . the act and set be wonderful . I can not wait to see another season of Doctor who .
470	Movies_TV	NEG	2	ever see a movie that take you so far that you actually see the character as someone really talk in front of you ? Will Smith , Lisa Bonet and Tom Sizemore -lrb- amongst the other -rrb- , be act too hard . they be not convince enough to make I feel like they be real character . again , the action be great . but the acting be contrived and predictable .
951	Movies_TV	POS	5	the second season be on par with the first . the story and plot twist be not quite as clever , although I like how they weave first season into the second . I think the `` Torchwood '' idea be a bit over the top . I like what they do with Micky and Rose 's character . the highlight for I be see Sarah Jane and k-9 again . doctor # 10 do not have as many facet as doctor # 9 , which be a bit disappointing . I think he need a bit more mystery and darkness to play the Doctor well . still , I enjoy the series and can not wait for the third .
157	Movies_TV	POS	5	the first season the first doctor be amazing . I be a huge Tom Baker fan and in my eye there could never be another doctor as good as he . I be very skeptical of this new Doctor who series . after watch the first season I be amaze how great the plot be and how amazing this doctor be . shockingly they replace this doctor with a new one at the end of the first series . I could not believe this . personally I be shock they find a actor this good to play Doctor who . now they get rid of he and replace he with a new actor . my thought , the show be over , they will never find another person to play the doctor as well as this first guy . to my amazement this new guy be unbelieveable as the doctor . he be even better then the first and remind I a lot of Tom Baker . the second season be great all the way through until the end . Billie Pipper I love . she be great as the doctor side kick and not to leave out she be HOT !! just after two season they be now get rid of she . do the first doctor and Billie Pipper choose to leave on there own or be they fire . if they leave on there own they be fool cause this new series be great and should be pick up for many season to come . I be in fear of this new side kick who will be appear in season three . such a perfect show to relieve two great actor within the first two season .
771	Movies_TV	POS	5	I receive the order within a week of order it . there be no surprise . the product be as order and it be on sale at the best price I could find anywhere !
497	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I buy this video because of the overwhelmingly positive review . however , I think it be difficult and too high impact for I . most of the move be confuse . Hemalayaa make it look really easy and I be sure it be ... for her . however , for someone overweight like I , the some of the move be quite near impossible . the cool down be alright but overall , I be not a fan .
205	Movies_TV	POS	5	although I enjoy `` enemy of the state '' when it first come out on dvd , I then take it at face value as mere entertainment . I find this taut thriller even more suspenseful the second time around ; moreover , it have assume a chilling plausibility -- probably because of now be able to ` tour ' various world capital at street level on Google map . Will Smith and Gene Hackman -lrb- and he cat -rrb- have a marvelous on-camera chemistry ; and whereas some of the ` hot political thriller ' that I have see of late fall flat or run out of steam at the end , `` enemy of the state '' pack a wallop that really deliver !
214	Movies_TV	POS	4	I be extremely pleased with this . very fast delivery and nothing dent or scratch that i didnt already know of . also the delivery be fantastic ! it have only be a week after order it when it come in the mail and when it do i be thrill !
52	Movies_TV	POS	5	I buy this as a Christmas present for my 8 year old next door neighbor . she watch it with she 10 year old sister and they both really love it ! I be plan on borrow it from they soon so I can see it too : o -rrb-
998	Movies_TV	POS	5	I do not really think the quality could be improve on a older film like this , but this dvd be amazing . its like a brand new movie . Crisp picture and beautiful sound .
406	Movies_TV	POS	4	I prefer workout like this because of the flow of the video . i dont like it when i want to work out and the instruction be so long that there be no cardio benefit to it . this be fun and i always like hemalaya behl as i own a fewof she yoga dvd . some of the hop from leave to right could get to you knee but i concentrate on NOT put too much weight on they and not come down flat foot . all in all it could be a bit longer but this be my favorite in this catagory .
244	Movies_TV	POS	5	this video should be second in the series and the second should be third from the way it flow . however , even with that small complaint , this be a great video . the animation be well do , the story line be adorable . my daughter and I have enjoy sit on the couch watch this together many time over . it be well worth the money .
607	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I find this series almost painful to watch at time . Dr who be always great `` cheesy '' fun , but this new version take itself far too seriously at time - make the cheese-factor something you laugh at , rather than laugh along with . there be far too many episode in London -lrb- it feel like a council promo at time ... -rrb- and some of the support character be hugely annoying - especially Mickey , who often have I cheer for the bad guy in the hope that the annoying little so-and-so would get kill in some hilarious -lrb- and preferably gory -rrb- fashion . on the plus side ; David Tennant be perfect as the Doctor , and Billie Piper be also fantastic as the down-to-earth and likable sidekick - they have a great chemistry . some of the visual be excellent , and occasionally it do actually hit the mark when try to be poignant . unfortunately , this show miss a whole lot more than hit for I .
352	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I buy this workout video base on the user review - while the instructor do go over a series of good indian dance move , the instruction leave a lot to be desire and individual move be not break down into they component part at the height of the workout . there be little notice give before switch move and I often find myself leave behind and unable to follow the instructor . I would not purchase anything by hemalayaa again .
678	Movies_TV	POS	5	my daughter love Disney movie , so she love this one as well . she love the story of peter-pan and talk about the kid in the movie all the time . recommend for the movie lover .
641	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I not only grow up on Cinderella , but it be the ending of my wedding video and when my marriage break up I watch it every day for goodness know how long . I be extremely disappointed . the voice of Cinderella be extremely similar to the original , but the singing be no where near the same talent . only two blue bird and Jacque and Gus gus appear -lrb- forget about any of the other character they never appear -rrb- , and Anestasia get a conscious ? be you kid I ? my child love it , but actually prefer the original -lrb- they have good taste . -rrb- I should have rent it first to decide if it be worth pay over $ 20.00 . in this case absolutely not . find a boot leg .
890	Movies_TV	POS	4	`` Peter Pan '' be classic Disney animation at its finest ; heartfelt , humorous , lush and colorful . and it be never look better , in this digitally remaster release . as a adult collector , however , I find the extra on this `` platinum '' edition lack in interest . First of all , they be pretty much the same as those on the original dvd release of some year ago ; and they be hardly comprehensive in they detail the history of the film . give how extensive the Disney vault be , it be hard to believe there be nothing new to be find . and as I do not have kid , the game and sing-along be waste on I . I have most of the platinum edition and will continue to buy they for the film I love ; I just wish they be a little more gear to adult animation wank like I !
487	Movies_TV	POS	5	Director Tony Scott 's ENEMY of the state be a engaging thriller . this film cover territory frequently traverse by Alfred Hitchcock , namely that of `` the wrong man '' be place in jeopardy without any plausible explanation . brilliantly play , Will Smith be that man . this film run at a breakneck pace as the NSA pursue Smith for something he unwittingly have be hand . Smith eventually become team with Gene Hackman who play former NSA operative on the lamb . Hackman 's character here seem base on he character from Francis Ford Coppola 's the conversation . Gene Hackman be very good at what he do and he steal this film in the process . the pace be frenetic with the latest high tech surveillance devise include satellite gp system track Smith and Hackman 's every move . the climax be riveting . this be a good one .
746	Movies_TV	POS	5	not only do my kid beg for pan everyday , I catch myself watch it with they . the magic be still there .
644	Movies_TV	NEG	1	this be another move along with Open season , . . we do not receice . . dissapointmt to the max
573	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I love movie . I watch movie all the time . and never have I go to a local cineplex , pay full price for a ticket -lrb- as well as treat my girlfriend -rrb- only to fall asleep during the show . well this stink bomb do the trick . maybe its not fair to say its all bad since I sleep through a good 30 min of it , but I find it predictable and not original at all . Will Smith 's smart-@#% remark be fresh and funny in Independence Day but now they just irritate I . how many time can he play the same stereotypical character ? id like to see he do some serious drama , for he have at time show the ability to do so . this movie just fall flat . Run , jump , watch out theres a helicopter . Yawn . ive see Xfiles episode with similar story line that put this to shame but do it with a small fraction of the budget . what a waste .
806	Movies_TV	POS	5	`` enemy of the state '' be a great movie . that be why I give it a 5 star rating . Will Smith play a perfect roll for this movie . he play a simple man who be catch up in the wrong place at the wrong time . a murder that be commit and a tape that have it all on it be now in he hand . after a run in with the man who have it , he life change in a matter of seconds . he be now run to keep he , he wife , and he kid secure from any harm that may come . now that he be be hunt , life may rotate between admirable and unpleasant . this be a good movie with stack or action and suspense for what may approach . check out this movie as soon as you can .
624	Movies_TV	NEG	1	we buy it and watch it with we daughter last weekend and I find it to be AWFUL ... I grow up with the Mary Martin lp and be in a performance of it when I be in about 3rd grade , so admittedly I know it better in the musical version and would not tolerate any deviation well , but YE god . cartoonish , offensive caricature of Indians , pirate , busy dad , woman and girl , a portrayal of Tinkerbell as homicidally jealous of wendy , and not even the redeeming `` clap if you believe in fairy '' line - that be completely leave out . I do not remember this version from my childhood and end up sorry that it be my daughter 's introduction to the story .
301	Movies_TV	NEG	1	this movie be HORRIBLE . it be another example of Hollywood 's distortion of fact . there be absoulutly no way the NSA or anyone else could do the thing that this movie profess that they can . no computer in the world , no matter how powerful , can `` rotate '' a fix image . not to mention the fact that there be no way that there be camera everywhere ! by the way , satellite be retask in a matter of hour , not seconds . there be not a single facet of this movie which I consider to be valid . I have to stop watch it because I be so disgusted . please ! do not encourage the production of more movie like this one by buy it !
468	Movies_TV	POS	5	when someone ask `` what be you favorite Disney movie '' I usually reply , `` beauty and the beast '' or `` the Lion King '' , as do most people . there be one Disney movie , which almost everyone love , yet always seem to forget , `` Peter Pan '' . this be one of Disney 's most wonderfully brilliant and magical movie ever . it combine the joy of childhood with the seriousness of grow up . I remember watch it so often that I wear out my video . anyone of any age can enjoy this film ... and will .
375	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I do not like the net , nor do I like enemy of the state . both have you typical hard-workin ' , tax-payin ' , common-sense citizen hunt mercilessly by wealthy white folk with far , far too many resource at they disposal .  plot hole be vast and plentiful here , such as `` if these guy be so good , why do not anyone check out the conspicuous camera box right across the launch dock ? '' and `` if these guy can do that much to one man already , do they really need a bill ? '' plus , you also get , `` with digital photography and editing , who need two people in the same place at the same time anyway ? ''  what make this movie rise above the usual b-movie muck be ... well , not much . sheer budget size and star power manage to muscle this movie from the lowly one-star rating it deserve to the two-star rating that it do not .
82	Movies_TV	NEG	1	when this movie be release , the `` Evil Right wing '' Republicans be so blantantly portray as facist that they be almost parody . no more after the horror of Sept 11th -lrb- I be a survivor -rrb- , it be Will Smith 's wife -lrb- the wonderful ACLU Attorney -rrb- who it turn out be the characature . when she just brush off a republican Senator state on Larry King that there be 1000s of foreign nationial in america who hate the USA . she call he a facist ... what would she say now ?? I guess that would depend on if she have a loved kill in the Sept 11 attack . Afterall , ACLU lawyer seem to have the conscience of serial killer when it be innoncent man woman and child kiil who be no relation to they . but nevertheless , this movie be too disturbing to watch now that the real world have overshadow the liberal elite version of the world .
804	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I be a adult who usually enjoy Disney movie , but this be the worst one I have ever see . the author and\/or adaptor into cartoon , portray all female character except wendy as jealous and malicious . Tinkerbell be jealous of wendy and try to get other to hurt she . the mermaid be jealous of wendy and mistreat she . then even Wendy become jealous of the indian princess . the boy have all the fun , and Peter seem to relish the girl snipe at eachother over he attention . very shallow and disappointing cartoon .
253	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I would have give this a single star -lrb- or none if possible -rrb- except for a few redeeming quality . before I rant , I 'll admit that it be not - all - bad . first , I like Peter 's voice , it capture he spirit very well . second , I like John and Michael , very cute . third , I like Nana . that be all I like . okay , first of all , this movie be NOTHING like the story ! the only similarity be the fact that there be a Peter , a wendy , mermaid , Hook , etc , but none of they seem to have the same personality as in the book ! wendy be horribly annoying in the movie , and only slightly so in the book . Tinkerbell be portray pretty well in this version -lrb- spiteful and jealous of wendy -rrb- but they skip the fact that she mend they difference . in the movie , Peter be a fairly normal type of boy . in the book , he be wonderful , cocky , strong , and smart . the lose boy be just very different in the book . in the movie , they be cartoony , stupid , and slow , unlike the book . I agree that the portrayal of the redman be sort of incorrect in the movie , but it be not so different in the book . there be respect in both , although I think the visual be slightly insulting . hook be also very ugly in the movie , and describe as very cold and attractive in the book . overall , it just insult I how unlike the book it be . if you love the book , do not inch near this movie . if you have not read it , then proceed to this movie ... at you own risk !!!
955	Movies_TV	NEG	1	my wife and I be shock to rewatch this recently . we could not believe how generation now have feed this racist , sexist garbage to they child . kill the savage Indians , save the helpless , petty girl be just a couple of the fine lesson herein . show this to you kid and do not be surprise how they grow to be close mind racist unable to treat woman with respect .
299	Movies_TV	NEG	1	a very long and boring movie to say the least . it be way too confusing and have enough story for 3 movie . it get too frantic sometimes and the end be all mess and keep I way too confused . not enough explain . good act though -lrb- which be what save it -rrb- but there be way to much empty space in between .
193	Movies_TV	NEG	2	movie get here in great time . good shape and play great ! great deal !
711	Movies_TV	NEG	2	a simple question . all write should really be critique by modern script editor and writer , even producer , by five basic question - who ? where ? what ? how ? why ? sadly these very basic question be not bring into play when show like this be make . much of modern television writing be very sad , but the effort tend to survive via hungry , lethargic audience in need of escapism that find delight in sexual content , glossy effect , and kitschy but vapid symbolism\/content . all story base entertainment have to have strong story to be excellent , and this be really , really , really awful scripting . that be say , I do want to say that Tennant be probably the best doctor since Tom Baker , and if he can refine the character a little and cut out some of the hectoring speech and slobber he might be the television character of the decade . the production value of the new series -lrb- aside from write -rrb- be brilliant ! but many of the actor can not shine because the scripting be so limited and flabby to center on glitz rather then character - a shame since so many british actor be brilliant at make greater then life , enigmatic and memorable performance when give good script and direction . Davies seem to have a penchant for the hilarity that be put the ` doctor ' in HOSPITALS . har har , such a great joke , especially to kick off a new doctor . 90 % of the season deteriorate into logicless monster and motive . awful denouement tend to involve the Davies signature machina-ex-due with a super magic wand sonic screwdriver . cop out galore ! and if that isn ; t enough , you get a surprise oral sex gag for the kiddie , and a slew of black tie party , east ender , and sappy sexual situation that take the place of the base instinct of survival and greed that make the series able to continue through the decade . if write reflect a writer , then the writer -lrb- s -rrb- basically portray that they be all about sex , party , hook up , sappy sentimentality , and random political struggle within corporation . nice . the shine star of this season , stand head , shoulder , chest , abdomen , groin and thigh above the surround effort in ` Girl in the fireplace ' write by Steven Moffat -lrb- creator\/writer of the brilliant coupling sitcom -rrb- . while this be a story of twisted survival it be also about emotional love and devotion ; a unusual Doctor who aspect unexplored until now , especially swamp in lust the rest of the season . the doctor become a enigmatic and valiant ` prince ' that unexpectedly -lrb- but extremely well write -rrb- create devotion in a unusual ` princess ' . but then the logic of the story go to hell in the denouement as it become another silly ` doctor rant at lethal enemy that stand there and take it on the chin while stand still as a statue ' moment common in this season . that be vindicate by the final twist reveal the motive of the story . the `` New Adventures of Doctor who : EastEnders lose in space '' be a grab bag . if you be a kid who need a new shiny with some lust and casual love throw in - it be perfect . if you be a intelligent viewer who want great story , perhaps something to reaffirm life 's glory and myriad wonder ... walk on by , or sob like a little girl over the money waste on ephemeral garbage . personally i find this season , and almost all new who story , rather intellectually insulting and simplistic . if only the crew ask - why ? - from the start . they would have find they do it for the money and fame , and just write show about money and fame . and we would have at least have story that honestly express they soul , rather then a combo of fan pandering image and situation string together with screech , simplistic dialogue .
558	Movies_TV	POS	5	this be a dvd set that every fan of the series need to get .
267	Movies_TV	NEG	2	for a suspense movie , it be not very suspensful . Will Smith play a poor character , with a weak support cast . the plot be good , but poorly execute . maybe worth a rental , but I would not buy it .
310	Movies_TV	POS	5	Will Smith do a excellent job in this movie . he be the best action actor I think there be right now . this be my favorite Will Smith movie out of they all .
465	Movies_TV	POS	5	the dvd arrive in great condition and come to I in the time frame suggest . now the family can enjoy it .
133	Movies_TV	POS	5	wow ! I be really expect this movie to be another bad Disney sequel -lrb- mulan ii be especially bad -rrb- and be happily surprise . it have a great story and I love how one of the evil stepsister be redeem . really happy we buy this one . out of all we movie , this be one of my daughter 's favorite .
418	Movies_TV	POS	5	when will SMITH in this movie who be confront witch very much difficult problem of a STATE CONSPIRACY , he become a precedence of the elite which be compose of C.I.A. N.S.A. F.B.I. and many other strange service illegitimate SPYS who be obeying of the order of influent strange man who have kill he almost friend , and then , these conspirator who be able to kill anybody throught they road so as to ensure a uncovicing progress whitch consist to have any authority for transgress yhe all of the private life of any body in the AMERICA or the world with considerable average such whitch be SATELITTES and EMITTERS , then the young man -lrb- will -rrb- who be just a spare for government and a simple advocate who begain strong with a italian MAFIOSO who have difficulty whith the law , and after that when he be deprive of he credit card and many other thing , when he be force in a jift to take away he all garment with a curious intelligent old man for he but he be very much contented to know the identity suddenly of a ancient efficient best of the best spy whou 's BOUND to SHATTER he CONFIDENTIALITY EVER SINCE LONGTIME -lrb- GENE HACKMAN -rrb- THEY will surpise everybody in the world of THESE STRANGES MEN with ABILITY to ASSASSINATION RHEY FORMS STILL AGAIN BUT for the FIRST time two in picture history and every ingredient be goods in THIS SPLENDID D.V.D. MOVIE NOT DEAD TIME with THESE all actor will SMITH and GENE HACKMAN be very goods actor
959	Movies_TV	NEG	1	\*\*\* spoilder \*\*\* below warning . it start off with cinderellum 's foot which do not look the same as in the original movie , kind of disgust in my opinion . when she talk about herself , blah blah , it be just not cinderellish , she be full of herself !!!!!!!!!! Prince do not look the same , he neck be too fat and it seem he skin tone change it almost every scene . they speech be too `` modern '' and annoying , do not give it a authentic feel at all . the step sister be WAY TOO GOOFY , unrealistic , I mean they can hardly walk two step without flop over , too silly . Anastasia be way too stupid and she be apologize for every little thing she do , it just do not make any sense , in the first movie they be all equally rude , even as child they be selfish little brat and now she just look like a big goof ! the step mother be always mean but here the part when she get the wand be go overboard , it be like she be a villian or witch ... too much drama in that part `` call on all the force of the universe ??! '' duh . Anastasia 's foot be HUGE , and then she kiss it and jump around the room , this be go overboard , a girl in that era would not act this way at ALLLLLLL !! Cinderella 's comment after she step mother leave be just weird , and then that uncatchy song and run out into the field . very uncreative and dramatic , these tune be all so similar in all the disney movie today and so annoying !! at the palace : how on earth do she get to the palace before the rest arrive ??? the prince work out with he father in the `` pink '' gym and you would think he be a circus boy after perfome those high rise stunt , never would have expect that from he . the part when prince charming have to apologize to they sound so cheap , he enter the room and it be like he do not notice the girl ISN `` t cinderellum . . and how anastasium introduce herself as a jerkess then it turn into a bit of a circus after he propose . the whole `` spell thing '' be just like in the little mermaide . if you look closely she put the ring on the left hand then admire it and it be on she right hand . Cinderella finally find the prince : it be like she be make a fool of herself , she little giggle and she sound EXACTLY like the princess May from Mulan , terrible . the head maid drag cinderellum away look so degrading , the whole `` meeting '' be cheesy . now when the step mother and sister be show into the room with the large cake this scene be a absoloutely rediculous !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what a mess when the king meet the bride-to-be who be in a aweful disgusting state . unbelievable ! now Anastasia and the prince practice dancing , why on earth do she have to wear she `` one '' glass slipper ??? the step mother seem to have so much influence in the palance once she `` move in '' when the king give the queen shell to anastasia he sound like a old indian chief or something , the voice just do not seem to fit the part . `` I dooooooooo '' practice by anastasium be TOO MUCH , and I wonder why she have such a nice singing voice , do not seem to go together , plus suddenly she can dance so gracefully . . remember the first movie when the two sister practice singing '' sing sweet nightangale '' they sound AWEFUL so what bring such a change ? so unrealistic . Cinderella struggle to say the magic word once she have the wand in she hand , stupid !!! Prince 's reaction after hear the true story from the mouse be a little calm , you would think he would have a bit of a more worried reaction and not take it so lightly . . he be a cross between Eric from little mermaid and zoro rid off on the horse . now cinderellum be tell to get on the shop , she shoe and foot while step up onto the ship look really fat and ugly . . totally aweful animation . on the ship she look like Jane Wendy 's daughter from peterpan . she bang be all fray and she look like 13 year old . now the prince ride off behind the ship and once he jump onto the ship he be look a lot like a Zoro , even he skin tone be darker if you compare it to when they show the dream of he and cinderellum dancing at the ball . also what with the hand palm thingy , look like something from TARZAN !! Notice cinderellum 's fray bang and hair , once she hug and swing around with the prince she hair start to turn back into perfect form . now thing calm down a bit and you think its go to end ... hold on to you seat , it be not over yet ! Cinderella be rest near the king once prince bring she back to the palance , notice in the first scene she have she hair nice and out , then when the servent come to tell the king that they be not able to find the step mother and sister cinderella now have she hair tie back with a blue ribbon , then in the following scene she hair be back to be out without a ribbon , STUPID , pay attention to detail disney , HELLO . what be with bride prepare themselves ? this scene remind I of mulan get ready for she wedding with mushu on top of the closet , really strange . the pumpkin just have to be include in the movie somehow , honestly I find this scene where cinderellum get stuck inside quite scary and gross . ok she make she escape and if you pause the scene right when she be on the horse look at the castle in the distance notice she foot , it be huge ! even she hand look huge . Disney , DETAILS ! Cinderella savagly rid all the way to the palace while the wedding be ongoing , the priest look like something from star war , freaky . - ok , cinderellum appear , break up the ceremony , step mother be shout at anastasium and once she start use the magic it be like prince just step in there use he sword to divert the magic away from cinderellum , it look so lame and he facial expression be not heroic or anything . note cinderellum 's hairdo , it be tie up high in a bun , however when she be prepare for the wedding it be low behind she neck , kind of strange . I do not like the fairy 's voice in the end , it sound so squeaky . now after the credit and the little `` photo '' which show some really goofy one once you reach the last one with the heart frame rose and cinderellum and the prince in the middle notice they hand , I think they go just a bit too far with this !!!
962	Movies_TV	POS	5	some old enemy be back and present with twist all the way ! Dr who fan will be pleased !
862	Movies_TV	NEG	1	we just try to watch this movie and we receive a message Playback Prohibited and it do not play the movie . we spend we money on this and it do not work . do not anyone check to make sure the movie will play ? we buy many movie and I be very disappointed .
719	Movies_TV	POS	5	it have be a long time since I have see this Disney Classic , but I think it be a absolute hoot ! my 4-year-old son laugh so hard at the crocodile sequence that he wet himself ! -lrb- for he , a first -rrb- this be a excellent piece of entertainment . to hell with the `` stereotyping '' complaint . if you be too pc to endure they , then do not watch the movie . simple , huh ? this be a fantasy , and have more in common with the Warner Bros. approach to cartooning than most people realize . just compare bug and Y. Sam to Pan and Hook and you 'll see what I mean . it be far less honey sweet than most other early Disney classic . oh , and incidently , the last time Disney bent over backwards for the `` native american sensitivity crowd , '' the result be `` pokaboreme . '' a bomb , if memory serve . come on folk , lighten up ! by the way , why be it nobody complain about the stereotyped brit and pirate ?
592	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I would like to warn all you potential buyer against purchase this product from amazing discounts\/de -lrb- Fantasy Video Store -rrb- ! I recently purchase Doctor who season 4 from they , and what they send I be not a legitimate US copy . there be misspelling , different size type , and comma where apostrophe should be . I promptly leave negative feedback for the seller and return the item through Amazon . two day after I leave the feedback , they email I ask I to change it . I ignore the email , and the seller proceed to call my house on a DAILY basis try to get I to remove the feedback I leave . if you be not satisfy with you purchase , they will harass you until you remove you -lrb- honest -rrb- feedback ! DO NOT BUY FROM amazing discounts\/de -lrb- Fantasy Video Store -rrb- !
187	Movies_TV	POS	5	David Tennant , will for I , always be my favorite doctor . Rose be quickly forget as a companion . she tend to be a bit flighty . but David really cement what it mean to be the doctor : a quick wit and always there to save the day . he long to save all creature across the galaxy . simply the best !
594	Movies_TV	NEG	1	David Tennant 's mugging do not help the tired , repetitive scripting . apart from the magnificent the Girl in the Fireplace , a bland rehash of the first season . they would have be better off cancel the series after Christopher Eccleston 's perfect season .
228	Movies_TV	POS	5	Cinderella III be the latest Disney direct-to-dvd feature film and the final chapter of one of Disney 's most celebrated fairytale . in part iii , Lady Tremaine , Cinderella 's evil stepmother , finally get she revenge by steal the Fairy Godmother 's magic wand and magically turn back time to prevent Cinderella from wear the glass slipper , so Cinderella and she mouse friend Gus and Jaq battle back from a perilous fate to return back to she Prince Charming . the special feature include a Fairy Godmother magic wand game , a Princess music video juke box , and a special sneak peek of the Disney Princess Enchanted tale dvd series . Cinderella III be one of the best Disney Princess dvd 's to be enjoy be everyone .
643	Movies_TV	POS	5	I love most all the Disney movie because they be so great when I be a little girl go to the movie to see they . my 3 year old granddaughter have watch this movie 10 to 15 time since I receive it . the dvd be great and well receive
145	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I want to like this , since I be look forward to try one of she video . unfortunately , I do not like the dancing at all and could not follow along with it . I be begin to think I just can not do any dance video ...
697	Movies_TV	POS	5	I love David Tennant . the second season be as good as the first - and Tennant be a marvel . `` tooth and claw '' be a great episode feature Pauline Collins as Queen Victoria be chase by a Ware Wolf -lrb- one of the all time great episode -rrb- . gatiss return to write the wonderful `` the idiot 's Lantern '' -lrb- set in the 50 's -rrb- ; `` Love & Monsters '' be hysterical ; `` School Reunion '' bring back Sarah Jane and have Anthony Head -lrb- Giles from `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' as a baddie -rrb- ; `` the Girl in the Fireplace '' be wonerfully inventive ; and the Cybermen be back .
752	Movies_TV	POS	4	I find it to be charming , and the `` twist '' in the story , while not original , quite please to the overall story and make Cinderella III more connect to the first Disney 's Cinderella than be the second film .
142	Movies_TV	POS	5	what more can I say ? it be a classic - and it be Disney , can not get much better than that !
565	Movies_TV	POS	5	Peter Pan be delightful ... I see it with Mary martin when it be first produce and it just get better - also get copy for all of my grandchild .
858	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I watch the second series , and it be decent , but so much of it be just flashy special effect and endless running . go be the thoughful writing of the past Doctor who series . I guess if this be what people want , then fine , it will sell . but to I it be all rather hollow and anti-climatic . `` oh , another freaky monster ... any minute now , they 'll start run again '' , etc. . . I do not know ... it just seem like with the earlier doctor , the writing be so much more substantial . the acting be also a ton better . plus what be the deal with the Daleks oversaturate the eccleston\/tennant series ? ah well , my two cent .
661	Movies_TV	POS	5	enemy of the state be one of those film that you be wait for the action . it be a clever production with nice suspence , adventure and action all over the time . it be a movie that everyone should watch it . this movie it will be UNFORGETABLE  regard ANGELOS KALLI
655	Movies_TV	NEG	1	beware ! you dvd from amazon will come without its cardboard slip cover ! this make this dvd worth \*\* a lot \*\* less as far as a collector 's standpoint . do I miss something in the description ? why no slip cover . . shame on amazon . I think they only sell complete retail dvd .
353	Movies_TV	NEG	1	dvd do not even play through once - keep freezing and skip section . we buy as a Christmas present for we 5 year old - the new version be $ 30 more so we take a chance and buy use with a `` like new '' rating . we will try to return since we can not even watch the movie and we daughter be so disappointed .
628	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I agree with the other 2 one star reviewer - why bother ? this be some of the worst television I have ever see . I love old Doctor who up to somewhere towards the end of Tom Baker - then it get patchy and be only sporadically worthwhile . this new series be Doctor who in name only - when compare with the old stuff this be a good demonstration of we culture go to seed . the format have change completely - admittedly this second series Tennant be much better than ce , but neither of they be ` doctor-like ' at all in my opinion . the new BBC production be glossy and look kind of impressive but it fail to hide the lack of heart beneath . everything be sensationalise and overly dramatic - the writing be terrible , the character particularly annoying and the Doctor , although historically sometimes play the fool , here add to the role a cocksure arrogance which somehow do not feel right anymore . in fact , this new Doctor who be a apt metaphor for the once great Britain go to seed in modern time . Slappers , whinger , lout and bully make up the character and there be so much pull of the heart-string that it all snap pretty quickly . the new ` action ' emphasis represent a dumb down of the format into a more modern american feel but 90s Star Trek be so much better than this . it show how lack in imagination the BBC be that it have to drag the doctor kick , scream and whinge back into the 21st century to a treatment and postmodern environment that do not suit at all . they really should be ashamed of themselves but they would not have the good sense to be I guess . it be obvious I be out of step with popular opinion - you 'll find lot of people who love the new Star Wars film too - but I reckon if you genuinely enjoy this stuff then that be pretty sad . this be empty , flashy rubbish that recycle old idea into a ill-fitting new format design to suit the audience of today with 10-second attention span and a need for explicit romantic content and soppy emotional rubbish entirely lack in credibility or sincerity . it be not that I think they should have remake it try to keep it as it be , they just should have let it rip and come up with a new idea - obviously too hard for the mastermind run BBC these day . -lrb- on a similar theme - the decline of the british persona be show up in a series of embarrassing interview do by some young git for the Fawlty Towers boxset . check out the one with Prunella Scales - I feel sorry for she have to tolerate the fool . -rrb- ok - tell I how unhelpful it be to post a different opinion here rather than the normal , gush 5-star rave and the sycophantic Amazon official review - I be wait ...
516	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I do not know how one can rate a dvd not release until March ?????? I have the lime issue of Peter Pan it be a awesome collectable copy . now all we have be remake of all we best Disney dvd . to make more money for disney . and they 30.0000 factory all over the world .
741	Movies_TV	POS	5	PETER PAN remain one of Disney 's most fondly-remembered film . despite appear in the same decade as Mary Martin 's Broadway and television version , it be neither lessen nor ignore in comparison .  Peter Pan -lrb- voice by Disney 's resident juvenile lead Bobby Driscoll -rrb- take young wendy -lrb- Kathryn Beaumont -rrb- along with Michael and John on a flight of fancy to Neverland , where you can never grow old .  in they fantastic adventure , Peter and the lose boy battle the nefarious Captain Hook -lrb- Hans Conried -rrb- , the bumble Crocodile and the bloodthirsty Indians .  the story deal with the abandon dream of childhood , a child 's wish to remain young and the resentment of have to grow up . James Barrie 's story speak to the child in all of we .  this beautiful new dvd reissue coincide with Disney 's new sequel , RETURN to NEVERLAND , and include a fantastic audio commentary , still gallery , dvd storybook and featurette .
200	Movies_TV	POS	5	try to fill my Disney library with dvd 's and of course , Amazon have they . very happy to have it .
492	Movies_TV	POS	5	I buy this for my wife for Christmas , along with the Cinderella Collector 's Edition box and Cinderella II and she absolutely love they all . I also have a 6 month old daughter , who I know will also love these film . if you have a wife , girlfriend , daughter , or just anyone who love Disney movie , this be a must have for they collection .
158	Movies_TV	NEG	2	enemy of the state be boring , and have a uninresting story and dialoge . some good acting by Regina King . but the plot be over to long and there be no fun just watch the film , and plus the thrill be worthless , it be like go to a store and on to home . Thats what this movie show . and I have to admit it there be some good thing I like , like when Will Smith run off try to get to he home to tell he wife that someone be after he , that be a good scene . but overall the movie be not worth see , but that be my opinion . c - \*\*
358	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I never get the peter pan walt disney dvd . I want to get my money back or get the product .
935	Movies_TV	NEG	1	the Peter Pan cartoon be a classic , but the problem with this dvd be that Disney put about two hour of preview on this dvd set that you be force to sit through before the actual movie come on . you can try to forward through these preview , but it still take quite awhile to click through they all . it be too bad that advertising be Disney 's first priority .
635	Movies_TV	NEG	1	when I FIRST see it I hate it !!!!! it be a total disappointment !!!!!! a total disappointment !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wish it CAN be destroy !!!!!!!!!!!! man it totally butcher the entire story !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SEQUALS be suppose to continue the story not bring you back where you just start !!!!!!!! I agree with couple of the reviewer here on -lrb- ... -rrb- regard this movie . one be R. Love `` primemaiden '' who say , `` do happily ever after mean anything to you people at Disney . '' yeah do not it mean anything at DISNEY anymore to live happily ever after !!!???? and another person who I profoundly agree with be also another reviewer of this movie at amazon.com , Princess fanatic , who say , `` I be go to stick this movie very far down in a closet and pretend it be never make . '' I say , `` WELL DONE MY DEAR lady , BUT DO you know what I say ?!?!?!!?! '' I say , `` THIS MOVIE should be BURNED to ASHES AFTER all the copy be confiscate from everybody who poss THIS ABOMINABLE DIMWITTED stupid RETARTED ZERO IQ LEVEL movie !!!!!!!!! '' I can go on and on probably , but I will just shut my mouth up right now and end this review . I hope this have help future customer see thing through my eye . stupid movie !! REALLY REALLY stupid movie !!!! WHOEVER MADE this I wish I can put him in the TOILET and FLUSH HIM DOWN . hope that will knock SOME SENSE INTO HIM !!!! o yes if possible I would give this movie -80 star , not 1 !!!!
178	Movies_TV	NEG	1	we buy this video with a condition rating of NEW ! the video be certainly not new , the case be dirty - the movie be all static , and it skip . my son -lrb- who be autistic -rrb- have a extreme melt down because he be suppose to be able to watch PETER PAN , and we could not get through the movie ! I will be return this and will not purchase from this seller again . shame on the seller for the misleading condition !!!
270	Movies_TV	POS	5	excellent theme , plot , and act . effect be great and the gadget be cool . the language be pretty bad but the movie keep you on the edge of you seat ask question like , what will happen next ? or , be he gonna die ? I recommend this movie as a great action movie !
905	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I love dance workout and I have enjoy other `` bhangra '' workout , but this one be very poorly do . there be no explanation on how to do the step and the cueing be off . it be a complete waste of my money .
208	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I love Disney movie and I remember loving this movie as a kid , but OMG the portrayal of native Americans be so blatantly racist as to be simply stunning . there be no way I would let my kid watch this film . it be fine for adult I suppose who can approach the racism of this film with some sort of historical eye\/filter . do not think it be racist ? go onto a reservation tomorrow and yell `` redskin '' in a crowded room . yeah , I do not think so .
614	Movies_TV	POS	4	I be a very big fan of most of Disney 's work . the company have , for the most part , put out wonderful product on the movie screen , on the page , and on compact disc and dvd . the one place that I find Disney to be weak be in the direct-to-dvd sequel department . the show on these disc be rarely up to par with they cinematic counterpart . very few of they be worthy of purchase . one that be , however , be `` Cinderella III-A twist in Time . '' it be a wonderful sequel to the Disney classic in which the wicked stepmother get she hand on the fairy godmother 's wand . with it she erase all of the event that lead up to and include the marriage of Cinderella and she Prince Charming . after do this , she make sure that the glass slipper fit she daughter , Anastasia , and eventually trick the prince into want to marry she . with only she mouse friend to help she , Cinderella set out to get the love of she life back . along the way , we get a deeper look into the wicked stepmother and she daughter as well as some of the lesser character from the original tale . I find it hard to believe that this film be a direct-to-dvd sequel . the animation be excellent . all of the voice performance be execute well . most importantly , the story be actually very good . the dvd contain a few special feature include a music video of `` I still Believe '' by Hayden Panetierre , DVD-ROM feature , and a game . overall it be worthy of purchase for fan of Cinderella and the whole Disney `` Princess '' line . purist will just have to get over the fact that Disney do sometimes get it right with they direct-to-dvd fare .
536	Movies_TV	NEG	1	after buy this workout dvd base on such high review i be very disappointed ! I be hope for a little more `` bollywood '' action in the move , as I have take many bollywood class . this dvd do not compare to a actual bollywood workout . the cool down period be the best part of the dvd . if you be look for a intense workout , skip this dvd !
409	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I despise Disney sequel because there be no need for these movie . why can not they make something original . I have see a few good disney sequel -lrb- emphasis on few -rrb- ! if they be gonna remake any movie it should be the `` black cauldron '' . that movie be not very good to begin with . I recommend Narnia the Lion the witch and the wardrobe over this movie . this movie be just the original Cinderella in reverse . geez this be reminisent of the little mermaid ii return to the sea . come on , Cinderella III a twist in time geez where do they get they story from a fanfiction site . do happily ever after mean anything to you people at Disney .
371	Movies_TV	NEG	1	buy this dvd think it might show a few more dancemove for Bollywood . I be so disappointed with it ! 3 woman in a Bollywood inspire set who frollock about for 50min demonstrate move that a 5 year old would do better . very badly demonstrate and not at all ` sassy ' ... this be constantly use to describe what you should be do while dancing . not at all inspiring and ideal for 14-16yr old who fancy themselves . really bad dvd and it be not a workout . save yourself the bother of get it only to return it and just get any of the other dvd !! such a pity as some of the review be positive and influence my decision to purchase - will be more cautious in future .
853	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I be a huge fan of the original book Peter Pan , and there be definite aspect of racism toward native american Indians in the book , but they be not nearly as overt or offensive as they be in the Disney edition . I have totally forget -lrb- since I see it when I be young -rrb- about the terribly racist treatment of the native Americans in this film . if you be commit to the fight for racial justice , do not buy this film .
316	Movies_TV	POS	5	when I be six , I play `` Peter Pan '' in my living room , jump from sofa to chair , back to sofa , pretend to be the boy who would never grow up . on the stereo , I play the Disney soundtrack , and I know all of the song by heart . it be a feast for my imagination , and a cherish memory I shall never forget . these memory stir deep with the new release of Peter Pan on dvd from the wonderful folk at Disney . Peter Pan take the well love tale from the ingenious mind of J. M. Barrie , and put the usual Disney spin on event , to make a memorable movie . the boy who never grow up fly to London to visit wendy and she brother to retrieve a lose shadow . mayhem ensue when the brood wake up , and quickly follow pan to Neverland . I purchase the 1999 release of this movie on dvd , and I must say this new version far surpass the quality of the first . the color be more vivid , the soundtrack brighter and richer . it be a beautiful new transfer , and one well worth you money . the additional feature shed light on the Disney creative process it take to make this movie . one special feature touch I : a virtual Peter Pan flight . as you fly with Peter , he narrate a quick trip over London to Neverland . it do not last long enough , but I love it ! with some other new feature , kid friendly dvd game , and video , this new set will make for a wonderful family night ! there be a reason why , when you go to the Disney park , there be a hour plus wait for `` the Peter Pan Flight '' . why not buy this movie , and see what the fuss be all about !
239	Movies_TV	POS	5	this movie I believe be something most of we only wish could have be make . who do not want to see Cinderella maybe lose she happily ever after ? in the first movie she always seem to do she work with a sarcastic tone . she could not even get up out of bed , some maid !! I think this movie might be a little scary for some kid because the stepmother be really wicked this time . she break Cinderella 's slipper and then tell she to go `` clean it up '' . the best part be when the step mother use magic to trap Cinderella inside a pumpkin , and not that fancy coach this be inside with he seed and thorn grow all around it and Cinderella 's dress be all rip . Haha and Cinderella be so silly when she go `` but I dance with the prince '' and the stepmother just laugh at she ! also what really be amazing be that there be almost a unspoken theme in the movie the the King and Anastasia fall in love , if you have see this movie you know what I be talk about !! could this be a clue to a possible Cinderella 4 ?? Anastasia as Queen lol you decide !!
53	Movies_TV	POS	4	this be a great movie for kid , I love it when I be little . I still think it be great . what I do not understand be this whole racist thing . I be pretty sure that I be one of the only people who honestly do not think about racial issue at all when watch movie like this . my aunt be full-blooded Cherokee Indian and she love this movie . I guess I just do not think about thing the way many other do . I do not want to get into a discussion of all this p.c. propoganda . all I be say be , this movie be definitely a classic , and should be a part of any kid 's life .
788	Movies_TV	POS	5	I be thrill when who be bring back -lrb- it should never have be cancel -rrb- . however , I be concern that the show would fail o have the feel of the old show . those concern be lay to rest when Eccleston be cast as the doctor . he performance be `` fantastic , '' and he early departure from the role have I very nervous . boy , be I wrong . Tennant not only live up to the part , he have eclip Eccleston in every way possible . he be easily best doctor since Tom Baker , and brilliantly mesh the serious and comdeic trait necesary to be the doctor . some of these episode really stand out and there be a nice mix in this set . blink may be the scariest who episode I have see -- ever . must see who !!!!
522	Movies_TV	NEG	1	DONT WASTE your money on THIS THRILLER WANNA be . it be SLOW , BORING and COMPLETLY UN realistic . if you be think about pay money for THSI BIG TIME BOMB THINK again .
401	Movies_TV	POS	5	since the first production of J.M. Barrie 's play , PETER PAN , in 1904 , the story of the boy who never grow up have become a part of popular western culture . it be a story that child love and that adult often adore . it even coin a sociological phrase -lrb- Peter Pan syndrome -rrb- . the play have be perform on stage throughout the world and to this day it remain one of the most popular show perform in child 's theater company . it should not be a surprise to anyone that Peter Pan be one of Walt Disney 's favorite story of all time . he star in a school production of the play as a child and the 1924 silent movie of the story spark the imagination of the young filmmaker . Walt Disney have intend to make PETER PAN he second major animation production after SNOW WHITE . however , it take many year to get the look right and to adapt the story -lrb- Disney , after all , be a master of take a story and change it and create it to he own liking -rrb- . of course , there be also WWII which stop the production of the film for almost six year . when the film be finally release in 1953 , the film be almost a immediate success . Disney market the film as a `` classic '' and even though the film produce some memorable character that have become collective image of we culture , such as Tinkerbell , Smee , and Captain Hook , and be note for a couple of historical reason -lrb- it be the first film to have Peter be play by a boy and it be the last film rko distribute for Disney -rrb- the film be not all that spectacular . in fact , after the film 's release Walt Disney himself be disappoint by final product . yet , Disney 's version of PETER PAN be love by child and look upon fondly by adult , just like the story of Peter Pan always have . in that since , the movie be a classic . the Walt Disney Company have release PETER PAN several time on dvd , but if you be a fan of the film , the platinum version be the one worth owning . the platinum edition of PETER PAN come in a two-disc set . the film itself be find on the first disc . there be a commentary that include comment from some of the film illustrator and performer , but the commentary be more of a vocal documentary about the making of the film rather than a commentary about the movie itself . the first disc also include a preview for the upcome cgus film tinkerbell -lrb- I be not sure from the sneak peak if it will be a theatrical release or a direct to dvd -rrb- , sing-along version of the film 's song , and a read along story entitle `` Peter 's Playful Prank '' . the real special feature of the extra feature be find on disc two . this disc include a delete song from the film entitle `` the Pirate song '' that be accompany by the actual rough sketch intend for the sequence . there be two music video . one of the music video have a group of pre-teeny bopper name T-Squad jump up and down to a technoize hip hop version of the song `` second star on the Right '' . the other music video have Paige O'Hara singing along to the song `` Neverland '' , a number write for PETER PAN , but that be never include but be recently discover in the Disney archive . this video be preview by a short featurette describe how the song be discover and why it be write . there be three child 's game on the disc , include a Sudoku challenge name after Smee . then there be several featurette . these be what I find to be the most interesting part of the second disc . first there be `` you can fly '' that be a look at how PETER PAN be make . next up be a reading of one of Walt Disney 's own writings that be originally publish in 1953 in a now defunct magazine to herald the release of the film . the piece be call `` why I make PETER PAN '' and be accompany by picture of young Walt and dramatic reenactment . this piece explain Walt Disney 's love for the story of Peter Pan , how he grow up on the story , he experience of play Peter in a school production , etc. . another featurette I really enjoy be `` the Peter Pan that almost be '' . this segment include two of the researchers\/producers of the platinum edition go through original illustration , sketch , and storyboard to illustrate how Walt 's original idea of the film evolve through the year . for instance , Nana be suppose to accompany the Darlings to Neverland , but this idea be ax just before final production begin . another featurette be `` the Peter Pan Story -- 1952 '' which be a archival promotional film strip . strip like these use to be show in theater before feature presentation , along with newsreel , short film , and cartoon . I guess you could say they be the original cartoon and trailer , but these thing be so much more interesting . besides , they be not try to sell anything else except for see the movie itself . the last extra on disc two include numerous art gallery that show illustration , sketch , storyboard , etc. from throughout the making of the film , include some thing that have not be see before by the public .
830	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I recently buy the VHS from the thrift sale for around $ 2.00 and even though I only pay a little for this movie I be still go to trow it out . this movie foster so many negative stereotype about native american and women\/girls that I just can not take it any more . I do not want my daughter grow up to think that native american be ugly and unintelligent . or that all woman be jealous and malicious . its really appalling . I love fairy , mermaid and even a occasional pirate but there be not enough in this movie to make I tolerate such racism . I be sure my little girl will cry when I throw it out . maybe I will get they a new tinkerbell movie where the girl be not all vie for one little boy attention .
801	Movies_TV	POS	5	what can one say about a Disney movie ? I have yet to be disappoint . this be a perfect tell of the story about the boy who do not want to grow up and the adventure he have in Neverland with Wendy , Michael , and John . I would recommend it as great family entertainment .
924	Movies_TV	POS	5	i buy this movie for my soon to be 3 year old niece for she bday on April 28 and i get the item within 5 day of order . the quality of the movie be great . the only thing be that the disc be slide around in the case but no harm be do . i be amaze with how short of time it take to recieve it . thank you so much for the movie . i couldnt find it anywhere else but here . i know she will have a huge smile on she face when she see it . thank you so much !
555	Movies_TV	NEG	1	the Peter Pan dvd be purchase from Emma Keychains as a Christmas gift early in November . the package be give but never open until late January , only to discover that the wrong dvd have be in the box . I email the seller and get no response . I would never trust this seller again .
590	Movies_TV	NEG	1	this be terrible . I be bollywood dancer and this be a shame . the last performance be almost like a cheap bar dance . with clothes fall over and inappropriate attire . producer should be sue .
458	Movies_TV	POS	5	what can I say . the best doctor ever , great story line , great companion , if you have not already do so , get it !
484	Movies_TV	POS	4	so you want to try to never grow old . you could pick no better movie to try with than Disney 's Peter Pan .  the story parallel Barrie 's unforgettable novel almost perfectly . wendy tell story of Peter to she younger brother . Peter hear these story from outside wendy 's window and decide to take she to neverland with he so that she can share she story with he `` lose Boys '' .  with one of the strongest song in the Disney library , `` you can fly '' to Neverland and watch the rest of Peter 's adventure with wendy .  Captain Hook be one of the most memorable Disney villain ever , especially with the croc chase he almost every time you see he . Tinkerbell eventually become one of the most see of all Disney character . and the portrayal of Peter Pan be dead on to the original material - he really be `` the boy who never grow up '' .  the many extra pack into this single dvd , include a sing along -lrb- = without = `` you can fly '' ? horror ! -rrb- , the usual `` making of '' featurette , and some wonderful commentary by Roy Disney and many of the original animator , make this disc almost a must buy for Disney fan .  highly recommend for any family with child . highly recommend for any collection of animation great - almost irreplaceable in a library of Disney classic .
916	Movies_TV	POS	5	this film be unbelievable excitement . it go it be entire length -lrb- which be over two hour -rrb- at pretty much breakneck speed . there be car chase , explosion , and state-of-the-art technology . it be a very scary premise , to think that the review I be write right now could be be view by other as I type it . nobody will feel safe , not even in the comfort of they own home , after watch this film . the chemistry between Gene Hackman and Will Smith work out really well . Smith most of all , surprise I in a very pleasant way because I never have see he act before -lrb- yes , I have not see MIB yet , shame on I -rrb- and he really live he role . all the ingredient for a rip-roaring roller-coaster ride be here . Sit back and enjoy .
819	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I love Peter and pirate and mermaid -- but this be make in 1951 -- so Watch out . I do not like my 3 yr old hearing thing like `` girl talk too much '' and indian call `` redskin '' and the WORST be Tinkerbell wonder if she -lrb- ... -rrb- be too fat !! if you be careful about what you little one watch , skip this one for now .
318	Movies_TV	NEG	1	do not realize this be not a `` english '' item . should verify that you be purchase a non-english item . also purchase book in foreign language do not know be non-english .
240	Movies_TV	POS	5	a classic disney film with superb special feature and special audiio commentary by disney pioneer ... this be a animation gem with good song and simple yet engaging plot ... but slow style story tell . : -rrb- watch it ...
666	Movies_TV	POS	5	I have enjoy all of the Doctor who series . for those like myself who do not get this series on T.V. , this be just great , also no commercial or wait for the next episode . this be just super to have they on dvd . I do like this Dr. who and will miss he when he leave the series . also Billie Piper do a great job play Rose . I think she add zest to the show .
290	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I want my 5 yr . old twin grandson to be able to see what a great movie Peter Pan . they love it !
798	Movies_TV	NEG	1	my daughter have be wait on this dvd for 3 week now . never get the dvd we order . contact seller by e-mail twice and they never respond back at all !!! very disappointing . do not recommend this seller at all .
513	Movies_TV	NEG	1	all of the limited issue dvd that be make be excellent . I give all of they a 10 + . all the remake list here and many more . child should not even watch half of they . start with , Cinderella , Lady & The Tramp . Toy Story , Toy Story 2 , Tarzan , Snow white , Beauty & the beast a disaster dvd . little mermaid . ON & ON & ON be no good . I give they all a -1 no more remake they stink . some I would never let my child see . that be how bad they be . I give all these new dvd a -1 . oh well Disney have over 35.0000 factory all over the world make these 2nd rate dvd to sell . make more money by have the dvd make overseas . still use the Disney Logo & Buena Vista . make in the USA .
772	Movies_TV	NEG	2	this movie remind I of why I do not watch slick , big budget , big star hollywood movie . slick be the operative word here . far too slick . the camera work be disractingly slick . there be far too many convenient coincidence to make it believable . as the movie go on , it steadily diverge more and more from reality . if all of these high tech spy tool exist -lrb- call I naive , but I doubt it -rrb- I doubt they would all have be bring to bear to such a degree on one hapless guy . the NSA geek sure have hard time catch Smith . that be because , despite all they whiz-bang gizmo , they be mostly a bunch of incompetent oaf . lot of gratuitous chase be throw in to wow the audiance . it be hard to get up the mental stamen to follow the plot , since I do not really care about the fate of the good guy . this just be not how you pace a movie to artfully develop real suspense . it be quite a disappointment for I .
397	Movies_TV	POS	5	Will Smith and Gene Hackman star in this wonderfully do thriller about a dc labor lawyer whose life be threaten by the aftermath of a politically motivated murder . Jon Voight play Thomas Reynolds , the man responsible for the death of a congressman strongly oppose a new privacy bill be deliberate over by congress . the killing be accidentaly record onto a environmental study that be force into the hand of Robert Clayton Dean -lrb- Smith -rrb- . Smith 's life begin to fall apart as the state department attempt to recover the tape and eliminate those who know about the murder .  the act in the movie be superb . Voight , Hackman , and Smith play they part to perfection , make they action more understandable and believable .  the action in the movie be equally impressive . last scene not withstand , the movie doesnt rely on heavy gunfire to capture the audience , although there be a good amount . the film really shine in its tense chase sequence and its smart dialogue , both of which be perfectly execute .  enemy of the state be a great movie . with its impressive action and intelligent dialogue you will be on the edge of you seat from begin to end .
631	Movies_TV	NEG	2	I be a Disneyphile and own a lot of the cassette and dvd of the animated movie . I enjoy Peter Pan a lot as a kid because I be obsess with the fantasy of fly . I have to say , however , that I be not a big fan of Peter Pan now because of the sequence with the Indians . the stereotype be more harmful than in any Disney movie , even more so than Dumbo and song of the South -lrb- which , interestingly , be not in circulation in the United States , although it be more condescending than outright racist than Peter Pan . I think that speak volume about the racial situation in this country , that not every ethnic group have make the same stride in civil rights -rrb- .  unlike the animated sequence in Dumbo and song of the South , where character be simply give `` Black '' dialect , in Peter Pan , ethnic stereotype be give form . all the Indians have bright red skin except for the beautiful chief 's daughter . they be `` cartoon '' character with four finger and exaggerated body type -lrb- again , with the exception of the chief 's daughter -rrb- . the dialogue be insulting , of the `` I smoke-um peace pipe '' variety . and all the white kid play `` indian '' , make the bwu-bwu-bwu sound , something I really do not wish to encourage in my own child .  I know the movie be a product of its time , but I think that a big indicator of where racial attitude toward native Americans stand today that people still refuse to be offend by it and dismiss any condemnation of the movie as politically-correct B.S. I do not believe it should be change , because I think it be important not to erase history . but I think its problem outshine its trimph . there be dozen of animated Disney movie out there . I would rather not have this movie be my child 's first glimpse at native american culture .
958	Movies_TV	POS	4	the episode be creative as always . old friend and enemy of the Dr. return . theme of love , loneliness , and seperation that start in the return of the Dr. continue . there be a technical problem . the episode `` the Girl in the fireplace '' would not play on my dvd . it would play on my laptop . Amazon be responsive but the problem be outside they control . contact customer service before order this product .
176	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I would buy this , if the dvd price be not so insane . $ 20 - $ 30 for a season be fine . I like support creative artist whose work I enjoy . that be say , I watch this elsewhere on the internet . it be good .
461	Movies_TV	POS	5	I have always love this movie ! so , as you may know , I could not help but purchase the 2-disc platinum edition of Peter Pan as soon as I spot it ! it be such a great little tale , and can teach about a dozen valuable lesson . also , it come with all kind of bonus feature that be just as fun and dandy as the movie itself . my family and I have many fond memory of watch Walt Disney 's Peter Pan in we living room , and now we can continue they for a good long time ! highly recommend for everyone at any age !!!
956	Movies_TV	NEG	2	we be a family of Disney fan around here , and we all hate it . even my two year old , who like anything Disney , scream `` no '' when I hold up the Cinderella III box . Stick with Cinderella I.
866	Movies_TV	POS	5	I really enjoy this dvd . Hemalayaa be beautiful and full of joy . great workout ! and Fun !!
885	Movies_TV	POS	5	this item arrive in perfect condition and be exactly what I order , it even arrive a day earlier then what I be quote .
135	Movies_TV	NEG	1	this workout do offer some cardio benefit . it also do introduce you to some basic Bhangra step . it be not a serious workout or dance video . I would not buy it just `` to mix up my workout '' .
781	Movies_TV	POS	4	give as a gift-no complaint . packaging be fine for a use dvd and they watch it with no problem . both disc be inside .
837	Movies_TV	NEG	1	be you `` wonderful '' parent and grandparent ignorant or something ? you be watch a disneyfied version of pan . do you even know who Pan be ? maybe this will help : -lrb- ... -rrb-
490	Movies_TV	POS	5	you can buy these at ioffer.com as a set no case but dvd 's disc with the beautful art work ship in sleeve really cheap
450	Movies_TV	POS	5	Will Smith be dynamic as usual . Gene Hackman have not lose he appeal as one of the good guy . they need to come together and do another smokin ' sequel .
751	Movies_TV	NEG	2	the filmmaker be unwise to make Hackman 's character so similar to he earlier role in `` the conversation '' , as that film be superior to this one in every way . this one 's a poor excuse for a thriller . the script 's half as clever as it want to be , and Will Smith 's one-liner do not help any . the surveillance technology throughout be more or less magic , do impossible thing with lot of gee-whiz sound effect .
370	Movies_TV	POS	5	this movie be a kicky , knockout thriller . a solid two hour of pure entertainment . a all star cast list include Will Smith , Gene Hackman , Jon Voight , Jack Black , Seth Green , Jamie Kennedy , Jason Lee and many more piece together a heart stop action pack and original four star production .
124	Movies_TV	POS	5	we family vote pp as the 2nd best Disney movie , behind only the Lion King . it have something for boy and girl of all age , include the 2 thing that make a movie truly great for my 9 year old son  sword and sword fight . this be a movie we have own a long time and it get watch several time per year . Pete  s Dragon be we most watch movie period but pd come in 3rd .  we have a lot of fun by gather the family together to rank the 41 Disney movie we have that include some cartoon work . all the kid , age 6 to 27 , participate along with mother and dad . Peter Pan be no Codfish , we rank it # 2 . Lion King be select number 1 of the 41 as the family favorite , but narrowly . Peter Pan be 2 . Pete  s Dragon 3 , Beauty & the beast 4 and sleep beauty 5 .
872	Movies_TV	NEG	2	yes . I have see this film before it come out in store ! ha ! my grandmother get a pirate copy of this dvd at a store that sell pirate of dvd that be originally reseal to the public later in commercial store . -lrb- ex . Toys ' r Us -rrb- it be okay ... good : the moral of true love - even the few know ... Bad : predicable and simple . Ugly : animation from Disney Toon Studios Australia use a few year ago be what be call NEW ! and the worst of all ... where the heck be the female mouse !? dvd include horrible Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Chosse set-top game , Music Video and a sneak peek at `` twice charm '' . well , it can be a waste of money or not . buy this for you 5-year-old girl .
851	Movies_TV	POS	5	Alysha Miller Block 3 `` come with I where you 'll never , never have to worry about grow up thing again . '' that quote , say by Peter Pan , start a whole adventure with Peter and Wendy . in the movie , Peter Pan , Peter come to Wendy 's house and take she and she sibling to never land , where no one ever grow up . never Land be fill with pirate , mermaid , Indians , and fairy . Peter and Wendy go through many obstacle to defeat the villain , Captain Hook . one reason that you should buy this movie be because it be entertain for everyone from kid to adult . the animated and imaginary land will be fun for kid , and the adult will enjoy the wonder of childhood . also , you should buy this product because it be a Disney classic . it be one of Disney 's most famous movie , and you can own it and have the ability to be a part of the magic Disney bring to every film it make . finally , you should buy Peter Pan because it will stay in you heart forever . the delightful tale of child just let go and have fun will always be a reminder to have a good time instead of worry about problem throughout all of you life . in conclusion , you should purchase Peter Pan because it be enchant for everyone , it be a famous Disney film , and the concept will be with you forever .
115	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I purchase this as a birthday gift for my grand daughter and send it in the mail to she to she disappointment it do not work in any of the dvd player they have I be sorry that I buy this dvd and will not buy again
92	Movies_TV	POS	5	this be a very good movie about be in the wrong place at the wrong time .  in the overview of this movie this poor man , in the wrong place at the wrong time , lose he life . he be give something , which he do not even know he have . which implicate a high ranking government official in something that he do not want public . consequently he life be take away . he credit card cancel , he friend murder -lrb- he be frame -rrb- and the one person who can help he do not want to get involve because he know how the government work . the non-helpful person be part of a government agency in the past . Insights into the NSA and what they be capable of make this movie a eye opener .  highly recommend movie . Watch it , think about it , worry about it . you must get the movie for the detail but this movie be one worth watch and one that will make you think . along with entertaining you while it be one .
27	Movies_TV	NEG	1	the disc be make for eurpeon dvd player and it will not play in the we make dvd player . so it really suck when my kid see the disc and it will not play . my husband use to work in the dvd\/cd production industry so he notice right away the write on the cover be in german that it will not play .
73	Movies_TV	NEG	2	again , Jerry Bruckenheimer make the believable unbelievably over-dramatized , i.e. con air , Armageddon , etc. . why be this guy still make movie ? too many people with little intelligence think that he movie be good . why ?
217	Movies_TV	NEG	2	i have always love Peter Pan , and I grow up watch this cartoon along with the Mary Martin version . but after see the new live action Peter Pan , I have to conclude that this version be dull as dirt !!! First of all , wendy and she brother be not supopose to be tell story ABOUT Peter Pan ... the kid be not suppose to have hear of he !! so when Peter fly in , it be very anti-climatic . wendy be just like , oh , Peter , you be here finally . Yawn !! I think wendy have a lovely voice but the character be just annoying !! all she do be babble on while she sew Peters shadow . there be zero connection between Peter and Wendy , and that be a big problem . Tinkerbelle be the best character in this , but , she do not even get she famous death scene where everyone clap to bring she to life !! hook use a bomb to hurt Peter instead of poisoning he `` medicine '' be really lame . worst of all , with the exception of `` you can fly ! ' all of the song be lame . do I even have to mention the idiotic `` Red Man '' song ?? eww . plus , the lose boy be not suppose to be moron with retard voice . very dissapointing . this bland version be ok for little kid , but , to get the REAL story of Peter Pan , watch the new movie !!!
382	Movies_TV	POS	4	good flick . I thoroughly enjoy this film . Will Smith and Gene Hackman . wow !  will Smith be bring into the story as a unsuspecting businessman . by accident .  this film just take off from the very begin .  i be not go to give the story away , but you will not be disappoint if you get this one .
69	Movies_TV	POS	5	this movie be incredible ! great special affect , excellent acting and a superb plot . I give it 5 star . this be a must see !
89	Movies_TV	POS	5	I love this movie , as I do all the earlier Disney animation . I read the review by Carolinapooh , and I , too , remember that the part about clap to keep Tinkerbell alive be in the movie ! if you watch it , you will see Tinkerbell fading , and then there be a abrupt cut and suddenly she be ok . why would they have take it out ? maybe they think kid today be just too sophisticated for that , and sadly , they may be right .
204	Movies_TV	NEG	1	there be not on
405	Movies_TV	NEG	1	it take forever to receive & they send Cinderella , I obviously order Peter Pan - they never respond to my email or fix the issue - horrible service , if you can even call it that !
965	Movies_TV	NEG	1	while this video do provide a fun workout , toward the middle it start to get weird . it seem as though a adult film director be dabble in dance video . the movement get racier , lady look longingly into the camera , voice be strain , and the music say it all : `` bow chika wow wow ! '' of course this all happen when my boyfriend walk in and we just start laugh ! = 0 the video make I feel dirty , violate , and insult . there be no choreography , and the suppose `` performance '' at the end be just cut of `` dancing '' like some kind of modest indian Sports Illustrated suggestive fantasy . if you be into Kama Sutra and Bollywood , this video be for you . I would pay someone just to take it from I so no one ever discover it among my collection and I do not die of embarrassment . I would give this video a zero star rating , except that option do not exist , so I have to give it one star just to post this review . for the record , I have study many form bellydance for a decade , and take a few Bhangra class , and this video come no where near either . the much older & simpler `` can not stop the Bhangra '' Masala Bhangra Workout video with Sarina Jain  Masala Bhangra Workout , Vol . 1 : Funky Style  I highly recommend it and can not stop watch it . Sarina be respect by the bhangra community .
209	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I love this movie but unfortunately when i begin watch the dvd , it begin to freeze on certain scene then skip minute of a scene . Super disappoint that i pay for a damage dvd . the description say `` like new '' but it be obviously damage and the cover and disk look overuse with some previous owner 's name write all over it .
199	Movies_TV	POS	5	my three year old grandson talk about Peter Pan , and I go to my local dvd source and be tell it be no longer in print . I be pleased tobe able to give this to he , and watch it with he . I see it when it first come out and enjoy it as a boy . it be great to see a little one see it now .
894	Movies_TV	NEG	1	Peter Pan be a exciting movie of make believe , fun for child of all age to watch . I be disappointed that I can not show it to my child because of the disgusting depiction of aboriginal people throughout it . in one spot it actually say `` the red man be cunning but not intelligent '' . I hope Disney have realize its error and I think a edit version should be release with a apology to aboriginal people .
71	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I order the movie Cinderella 3 use . the condition say very good but the movie skip in the middle and then skip the last 20 minute of the movie and would not let we finish . I try call customer service to find out about return the item and be put on hold for over 7 minute . I be very disappoint in this product .
677	Movies_TV	NEG	1	this be about Cinderella go back in time , hence `` what if the slipper do not fit ? '' . it `` answer '' a lot of question that you do not ask . this be a insult to the original Cinderella in short . if this be truly all that great , it would have : 1 : be release in theater by disney 2 : would have make a killing in sale 3 : would have ton of toy and commercial base on it but since it do not ... you have to wonder , despite all the review , why it do not attract more attention than it do . this be a typical disney sequel folk , so that mean that you have to sift through the review and use you common sense . Amy , 10
180	Movies_TV	POS	4	I do love Tinkerbell , one of my all time favorite Disney character & the music be great . a few thing could have be change , but not much .
134	Movies_TV	POS	5	I thoroughly enjoy all 14 adventure of this complete Second Series of Doctor who , with David Tennant as Doctor who and Billie Piper as Rose Tyler , he sidekick . I buy this series because of a very positive review of it in the January WIRED magazine .
601	Movies_TV	POS	5	everyone should have this dvd and watch with paren t , grandkid !!!! it 2wa a Easter gift to one grandchild and to my husband -lrb- 80 year young -rrb- just great
553	Movies_TV	NEG	1	the dvd peter pan which i purchase for my daughter for christmas id defective . it do not play , the dvd come up say it be defective how do i return and get a new dvd thx jame m laverty
552	Movies_TV	POS	5	I be so glad Disney re-do this movie ! it look great and there be great dvd feature as well
256	Movies_TV	NEG	1	my 5 year old watch this movie , as it be rent for she . she love the first one , she think the second one be ok , but she really do not like this one . mostly because it be a negative tone , they do not get marry , have the happily ever after , etc , etc. . . she start cry after awhile , and tell I she do not want to watch it anymore , and we send it back to Blockbuster after about just 35 minute watch or so . I put on the original one -lrb- which we own -rrb- , and she be ok again , but she most certainly do not like this one . if you have really young girl who be into the princess thing , they may not like this , since it somewhat ruin or at a minimum bring down what little girl have in they head as fantasy from Princess Land . : -rrb-
734	Movies_TV	NEG	1	absolutely no sweat and no fun . this video be not a good dance workout or even a good dance intructional video . I will never buy a dance workout again .
709	Movies_TV	POS	5	great service . dvd arrive within two day of order . also offer to fix any problem with dvd and there be none . good pricing too . hat off Karen . will order more from you in the future .
707	Movies_TV	POS	4	Peter Pan be one of my favorite all-time Disney movie . it be a very good example of the wonderful sense of humor and imagination Walt have when he be still alive . it be marvelous to see the film again that as a child I have rent and re-watch so many time my father finally buy it for I .  the film have go through some restoration work and the color on this dvd version be vivid and beautiful , unlike the fade and sometimes scratchy film I remember from the earlier release I own as a child . perhaps it be also a marvel of dvd compare VHS . I would definitely consider this the collector 's version of Peter Pan .  however , I be hope for a bit more in the way of special feature . I feel this way about most of Disney 's release to dvd . I would love to have see more about the development of the film , perhaps a trailer or new reel for its first release , anything . however , the only feature include be a alternate soundtrack in French .  I still think that it be worth the extra price for the dvd -lrb- but then , my original VHS video be eventually shred by a broken VCR , so I be glad to know that will never happen again -rrb- . it be certainly a movie I still plan to watch again and again .
420	Movies_TV	POS	5	Cant go wrong with a classic ... who wouldnt like disney `` peterpan '' ? : -rrb- a 2 disk platinum edition , brand new and i think i pay 11somethe ... that be a great deal , even with ship it be still a bargain . I order several thing on amazon at the same time , this be the first of my order that arrive , day before the rest . Great .
658	Movies_TV	POS	5	this movie be every thing you would expect of a sequel to be . it take from the original but build character trait in Cinderella and Anastacia and advance this cherish classic . the movie start out a year after the magical wedding of the Prince and Cinderella . they be still in marital bliss and be about to celebrate they one-year anniversary with just Cinderella 's closest friend , include the mouse and the fairy godmother . at the same time , Drusilla and Anastacia be at the old house do the chore that Cinderella once do and endure the scorn of they mother . after the sibling fight , Anastacia stumble upon the soiree in a field not far from where she stand . this be the turn point in she life as well as Cinderella as the magic wand which the fairy godmother wield with compassion find its way into the hand of the wicked stepmother . there be many extraordinary twist and turn , and in so , we be treat to a new take on the real power behind Cinderella and the Prince 's relationship . issue of honesty , self-evalution , hope play a much more prominent role than `` magic . '' and , these trait be particularly flesh out in Cinderella , much more than anyone else , but also Anastacia . the Prince be still a somewhat dim-witted clod that , under the impression of the stepmother 's spell , define he relationship with he `` true love '' initially by look -- he see Anastacia and be repulse at the sight of she ; he immediately dismiss she despite the premise that he `` true love '' would wear the glass slipper . Cinderella , on the other hand , be not disillusion and measure she relationship by the moment spend together . it be these moment that continually drive she to take matter into she own hand and not the dependency on anything outside of herself . Cinderella 3 elevate we heroine into a worthy contemporary version worthy of this sequel and worthy of family discussion .
620	Movies_TV	NEG	1	this movie should be toss out , just as `` song of the South '' be . I be not sure what to say when my daughter ask why the native American be call himself the `` red man . '' in addition , Tinkerbell be portray as a sexualized , vindictive , jealous female stereotype from another era . we may have to throw this one away .
317	Movies_TV	POS	5	Old Disney ... when Walt be alive set a precedent that be distroy by many film until Lion King .
475	Movies_TV	NEG	2	if you eye be not open already , the portrayal in this Disney movie be highly stereotypical and misguided . in this film some Indians be show as act like stupid , cartoonish , warlike primitive . there be a song in the film that be offensive call `` what make The Red Man Red ? '' . here be it be lyric : `` once the Injun do not know \/ all the thing that he know now \/ but the Injun he sure learn a lot \/ and it be all from ask `` how '' what make the red man red \/ let 's go back a million year \/ to the very first indian Prince he kiss a maid and start to blush \/ and we have all be blushin ' since . '' the author of Peter Pan , Mr Barrie , have also be criticize for he treatment of female character . most of the female character : wendy , Tinker Bell , Tiger Lily , and the mermaid try to gain immature Peter Pan 's affection ; and Tinker Bell make several attempt on wendy 's life out of jealousy , yet Peter show no empathy and ignore all of they affection with indifference . would you like child to watch and learn from this on how to understand Indians ? would boy watch this be help to learn how to grow up to be mature man , and have happy relation with mature woman ? would girl learn from watch this that its okay to try and have a boyfriend like a emotionally unavailable Peter Pan ?
328	Movies_TV	POS	5	`` Peter Pan '' still retain its charm , wit and heart express in its animation , which have be clean up quite a bit , while faithfully follow Barbie 's book . it be probably the film that spawn the adventurous 1991 `` hook , '' but this animated feature be far better than `` Hook . ''  `` Peter Pan '' be when two english parent leave for a party , leave behind the nursemaid dog Nana and they three child , wendy , Michael , and John behind . not long after they parent have leave , Peter Pan and he tiny accomplice Tinker Bell crash in , look for Peter 's shadow , spawn the entertaining , funny , and charming result , lead to a fluffernutter happy end .  what this be one of Disney 's latter classic that remain one of my favorite Disney classic , among the handsomely make `` sleep beauty '' that win you over with its captivating animation and the lush classical music , while `` Bambi '' win you over with heart and good nature . but `` Peter Pan '' win you over with heart , humor and just the right amount of magic .  the special edition VHS and dvd come with a free movie ticket to see the sequel `` return to Neverland '' and it come fully restore to its original brilliance , which make it all the more enjoyable to see and hear this delightful Disney feature . Perfect for anyone look for 77 minute to spare .
572	Movies_TV	POS	4	this be just a addition to my Disney dvd collection for the sake they be put it in the vault . I didnt think I would like it because I didnt like the second Cinderella but I actually enjoy the story line some-what !
663	Movies_TV	NEG	1	the formulum for any Will Smith movie be to have he say `` damn '' every six line of he dialogue and give he really cute humor , no matter what the situation be . this movie be totally unbelievable , honestly . for instance , big Willie Style run around Metro D.C. in the winter wear only boxer shorts . not to mention countless error both in editing and directing . on to the plot , the entire american government be evil -lrb- it can happen -rrb- , mind you be villain be Jon Voight , who I can swallow as a villain , but Jamie Kennedy , Jack Black , Barry Pepper , Jake Busey and Seth Green ?! be this a action movie or a poor man 's kid in the hall ? Gene Hackman be always good , but I do not even think Lex Luthor can help the Fresh Prince in this over price bucket of trash . hey we should all just get jiggy with it !!
452	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I enjoy dance dvd for something different or for a lighter day if I have already do some cardio or weight training . I like the music and the idea of this , but the cueing be bad , the move be boring - hip shake in place , spine stretch , yawn . Face stretch be simply silly . be not for I , but sound like it be a 50\/50 chance as other seem to have enjoy it .
408	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I be very disappointed . I get the movie and it do not work . I try to contact the seller but they no longer respond to mail - whatever that mean .
116	Movies_TV	NEG	2	this be so boring . it be the same plot that we have see a hundred time . Guy stumble on to something he should not have , government make he life hell . running , run , run . Blah Blah Blah . you have see it before with other title , do not bother to see it again unless you just enjoy watch Will Smith .
255	Movies_TV	POS	5	I love all these disdney move there great . I have a collection on VCR . Know I be want to have they in dvd thank you
16	Movies_TV	POS	4	my young niece Sarah and nephew Caleb be terrify of Walt Disney 's 1953 animated feature , PETER PAN -- the crocodile , a band of pirate , Captain Hook with a hook hand , a rock slide that seem to momentarily kill Tinker Bell . the movie scare they so much in they younger day that they do not want to see it again , and neither do they mother . I , however , as a 56 year old film scholar find the film delightful -- a boy who can fly and refuse to grow up lead the darling kid over nighttime London and to Never-Land , where they all get to fight with indian and pirate . there be a Skull Rock , and a pirate cove , and a beautiful pirate ship . it be all just marvelous for adult . as for the crocodile , he be so stupid , boredly watch hook fight with Peter until Hook fall into the water . and Hook be a irresistible pirate for kid of all age . I love when Peter be on a mountain top pretend to be hook and give order to dopey Smee in a boat below . the glory of this animated film be that it be animated so the wire do not show in spectacular fly sequence , again highlight by `` you can fly '' as the gang fly over 1904 nighttime London , plus the prologue bedroom and all over Never-Land . hook have a real metal hook he deliciously screw on . Tinker Bell be a real , jealous fairy and not a spotlight on stage . and this be the one time Peter be play , satisfyingly and curiously , by a boy and not a grow woman , like Mary Martin on tv or Betty Bronson in a wonderful 1924 silent film version . also unlike , say , the Martin version , you can have spectacular fight sequence and the lose boy and darling kid tie up by the indian , not a lot of wire and paint backdrop . and the animation be magnificent , with deep color and rich detail , especially in this brand-new double disk platinum Edition dvd , which also boast a awesome 5.1 Disney enhance Home Theatre Mix soundtrack . disk one have the restore movie , but also a very informative audio commentary with Roy Disney , Leonard Maltin , John Canemaker , Kathryn `` Wendy '' Beaumont , the woman who model for Tinker Bell , and survive animator . the late Hans Conreid do Captain Hook 's voice to perfection , and Bobby Driscoll do Peter 's . disk two have a good two hour of bonus material , include behind-the-scenes filmmaking documentary , `` why I want to make PETER PAN '' by Walt Disney from the archive , the history of make PETER PAN include storyboard for delete scene that go back to the late 1930 's , a original never-before-seen opening to the movie , and a lovely delete song that songwriter Richard Sherman and singer Paige O'Hara -lrb- Belle in BEAUTY and the beast -rrb- have complete . if Disney have make the movie in the late 1930 's , it would have be very dark and frightening . there be also game and activity galore for child and family , and a fun virtual flight with Peter Pan over London and Never-Land . this PETER PAN have be painstakingly remaster and restore . the 1953 classic have never look nor sound this colorful and tuneful . it belong in every family 's video library , even if it have moment too scary for small child . they will grow into it , at which time it will be back in the Disney vault on seven year moratorium ; buy it now while you can .
886	Movies_TV	POS	5	my grandchild -lrb- okay , I too -rrb- thoroughly enjoy this film . the extra be informative and interesting for adult and child .
629	Movies_TV	POS	5	I have be watch Dr. who since Tom Baker be on the show . and , until David Tennent arrive , Tom be definately `` the doctor '' . the second series have to have some of the best , most interesting episode for this tv show so far . there be also blooper , a video diary by David Tennant , BBC Dr. who comercial , audio -lrb- and some video -rrb- commentary by various writer , director and actor -lrb- include David Tennant and Bille Piper -rrb- and , my favorite , a ten minute little nugget that the BBC put together for a charity . it bridge the gap from the last episode in season one -lrb- right after the doctor regenerate -rrb- to right before the season two episode where they land in Cardiff for Christmas . it be definately a wonderful dvd set !
701	Movies_TV	POS	4	Peter Pan have always be my favorite anmaited disney film I know many people say there favorite be lady and the Tramp or the Lion King but Peter Pan have always have a special place in my heart . the limited edtion dvd release be bare bone with nothing but the trailer which be miss from this release . the new release greatly improve on the first with a great transferus mean the Godfather trilogy be awful but this be just like the reccent Snow White and Dumbo release . feature be good , but not up to par with Snow White i guess we will only get one release a year as comperhenisve as that one look like it will be beauty and the beast in October . the feature include too short feature a orginal making of peter pan that be 12 minute long that be also feautr on the vh release four year ago another featurette that be 16 minute and a little more informative then the first one . a sing along follow the leader , a nice storybook host by wendy , a peter pan interactive treasure Hunt game and a still gallery of 63 rare storyboard , concept art and drawing . bottom line if you love this movie as much as I do buy this version , but let 's hope disney put a two disc collector edtion out one day it would be whorth 50 buck to I .
410	Movies_TV	POS	5	from the time I first see this movie as a child , it have fascinate I . I would highly recommend this movie to all child , whether 2 year or 90 year of age . it be great .
571	Movies_TV	NEG	1	I be sorry , I be a Doctor who fan of old , and this new stuff just be not it . the old Doctor who of the 1960 and '70 may have have cheesy set and lousy acting , BUT the story be good ! most of these new story be weak ; `` Love and Monsters '' be one of the worst show I have ever see , in any series , much less Doctor who . I would have utterly embarassed , if I be BBC , to put that show on the air . this teary , sappy , emotional stuff just do not work , it be not Doctor who . and why so many episode on earth ? that be not Doctor who , either . this guy travel , he Tardis take he where he do not know where , not to London in different time period . David Tennant be ok as a Dcotor who ; Billie Piper can not do anything well but cry . this soap opera stuff have get to go . if you be a old Doctor who fan and have not try these new series yet , you 'll be disappoint if you do . this stuff reek , just bad story , that be all there be to it .
