index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
353	Projector	NEG	1	as of this point we have be unable to connect we Mac laptop and get it to show the screen . why do they not say it will not work with a Mac ?
79	Projector	NEG	1	impress by review i get this projector but very disappointing ... it have scratch all over the body cover more than that project get over heated and get switch off every 10 min : -lrb- : -lrb- : -lrb-
587	Projector	NEG	1	I be so excited to get this projector , but I be on my second one thus far , and needless to say , I be not happy at all . the first qumus I receive work great ... for one day . after that , it do not matter what device I plug into it -lrb- blurry player , iPad , iPhone , xbox -rrb- , or in what order I plug the device in , or in what order I turn on the devices\/qumi , or which hdmi cable I use to do it -lrb- I purchase several and try they on to no avail -rrb- , I repeatedly and consistenly receive the `` no source found '' message . needless to say , I be not pleased , so I send the unit back and request a replacement from Amazon -lrb- who have be nothing but great throughout this horrific process btw -rrb- . Guess what , I receive the replacement in record time . Guess what , same hdmus handshake issue . these unit be either not build well or Vivitek 's quality control be abysmal . bad customer service as well . there be get to be something better out there . very dissapointed .
178	Projector	POS	4	Muito bom . Compacto , design excelente . Estou muito satisfeito !! esta conforme esperado no momento da compra . Otimo para mobilidade tambem . Tenho este equipamento junto com um wdtv live hub . otima combinacao .
311	Projector	POS	5	solid construction . have about 6 different pivot point that can be adjust to accommodate almost any installation . one thing that I do that be probably out of the ordinary be that I actually mount the unit to a 18 inch piece of 2x6 . I have a drop ceiling so I have access to the bare joist . the 18 inch 2x6 fit perfectly between the joist . then I attach 2 small piece of wood to either joist . this allow I to lift the projector with the 18 inch piece of wood and simply rest it on the lip of each small piece of wood . this type of installation allow I to remove the projector and mount from it be rest place without have to use a single tool .
236	Projector	POS	4	honestly when i buy this I be not expect that much , but I be prove wrong . this little projector be awesome with only a few flaw . Pros-Price - good picture quality - hdmus output at 1080i - portable for class presentation cons-speaker volume can not be control that I have find , mean that if plug into a source like speaker through audio out jack you will get that crackling noise you would expect if the volume be turn up load . . but most of the time it do not happen . . just a little of the time -lrb- % 5 percent of the time maybe , but it do happen from time to time -rrb- - when I connect my laptop to it the screen flick on a off on projector side no matter what setting I mess with on the computer side -lrb- everything else work fine ... ps3 , xbox 360 , roku xr box , apple 's hdmus a\/v adapter with ipod touch 4 gen plug in , and other laptop -lrb- just not mine -rrb- all in all it be a good projector for the price . the only game I have play on it be COD mw3 , dead island , and mlb the show 11 . . but all those game work and look fine on it . the only problem I have run into be that my laptop just do not like to output to it for some reason .
391	Projector	POS	5	I project from my computer through hdmus onto a big white peice of fabric I buy at the fabric store for $ 18 . I have it in a spare room set up at about 100 '' and it look spectacular . it be not hd quality , but it be a $ 200 projector , the bulb alone for most other projector be more than that . everyone be very impressed with the projector , it put out nice color and have decent contrast . I have be watch star war and it make my girlfriend get sea-sick every time there be a fly scene . it really be that good . the selling point for I on this projector be that replacement bulb be only $ 25 . . that be insanely cheap , I will be buy several bulb so I can use this projector for year to come . I may even buy a few more of the unit for the office , live room ect . .
100	Projector	POS	4	very good quality and value for money fifa10 be a pleasure to watch sometime rainbow effect be visible
914	Projector	POS	5	I order this projector base upon the very positive review . I be tire of use the traditional computer projector with it be video connector and the associate fuss with the f9 key to get the right output to the projector . this projector connect via the usb port . the projector 's software be self-contained on the unit . installation on my Mac laptop be almost instantaneous . the laptop 's desktop appear almost immediately . installation on my Windows laptop be as simple and almost as quick . the projector also permit multiple source connection , and the remote allow the operator to toggle between the video source . I receive notice of shipment on Sunday , and it arrive on Tuesday . that be incredible service .
245	Projector	POS	5	we have own a optoma 1080p for two year before purchase the w6000 . we project on a gray wall with a screen size larger than 120 inch , ceiling mount . we use it for watch movie and play PS3 game . the benq blow the Optoma away with crisp brightness yet no rainbow or loss of black -lrb- gotta love dlp -rrb- . also virtually no aliasing . there be considerable set-up time if you be really picky about color and contrast - but at least you have the choice . the fan noise be unnoticeable especially compare to the Optoma ... I be afraid it be not work correctly at first . much cooler , much quieter , better picture = worth the price . additional note : we have become a house divide ... I like the Benq handling of motion , but my 28 year old son do not . we both agree that it be crisper , brighter and quieter than the optoma but we be go to begin look for a different projector that we both can love . resolve ! the motion problem be a result of a setting on the PS3 . for game the motion be normal but for movie it be strange ... not blurry , but odd . we change a setting on the PS3 from 24 frame to 60 hz -lrb- ? -rrb- and now everyone agree that this projector be perfect .
487	Projector	POS	5	we try several different model over the year to use in we vacation\/retirement home and this be the only one that give we a excellent surround experience while also be able to handle we music need . the lack of wire around the house be my wife 's # 1 priority , and my # 2 - my first priority have always be the sound quality and the ability to fill we 19 ' x 25 ' great room . you can tailor the overall sound quality through a number of setting . have be in the reidential and commercial audio\/video industry in the 70 and early 80s in both retail sale and as a manufacturer ' rep , I be well aware of the development in surround sound and have watch it evolve . I more often deal with recording and sound reinforcement product - the former usually involve small monitor and the latter use large scale multiple speaker array and so I tend to lean toward the larger box sound , but this system amaze I . I also sell a large amount of Yamaha pro equipment , include they amplifier as well as guitar and electronic keyboard . they product be always among the best and the most reliable . while I agree placement be important -lrb- it be in all system , do not let the industry hype fool you -rrb- I find it work well in a variety of placement position as long as you run the auto setup and then tweak to you liking . please understand that I be a `` early-senior '' with a moderate amount of hearing loss from the aging process , and more importantly from a number of year in work in high sound pressure environment for extended period of time -lrb- in the sound room and on stage -rrb- . I no longer consider myself a critical listener -lrb- I do not listen to `` the sound '' anymore - I listen to the content -rrb- so what I hear may not apply to you need , but I believe this product to be a exceptional value sound bar .
967	Projector	POS	5	review on Epson EX 7210 First Impression The box have a small footprint . it be smaller than I have expect . the cardboard box open up to a nicely protected unit . it be light weight . and it have a slide to open lens cover . there be no bulky ac power adapter ; only the power cable . there be no hdmus cabl include . most people do not use VGA now -lrb- at least for I -rrb- . There'a usb cable include but I think both the VGA cable and the usb cable be too short . source auto detection I immediately connect my tablet which have a hdmus port to the projector . it immediately find the input source and display properly without tweaking . there be no need to adjust any resolution setting because it just display the best resolution possible for any source you throw at it . powerful Remote Control The remote be not complicate and it be powerful . I walk 30 foot away and it stil detect the remote command . this be a great feature if you plan to mout this on ceiling . -lrb- unfortunately , this one do not come with any ceiling mount kit -lrb- most of they do not anyway -rrb- -rrb- usb Video Display I have yet to try the usb to display feature but since I be pretty happy with the HDMI , I do not think I will ever use the usb display option . I will not go into small detail about most basic feature we come to expect from 90 % of all of the projector on the markt . let I just highlight som of the `` surprise '' feature : 1 . close caption available-this means you can hook up a hd antenna and have this thing as a tv . I love this feature . 2 . the speaker sound be `` about the same '' compare to other projector I have try . I be hope for a better and louder sound but it be kind of disappointing . I guess most people expect high video quality from Epson but not sound quality . if Epson have work with bose , maybe together they can come up with a nice well round projector with great video and great sound so I do not have to bring a speaker box to do presentation . it be not like the current technology will not allow this to happen . 3 . the horizontal skew adjustment be just beautiful . I try adjust the projector so it be not directly face the screen . as I sit slant to the right side of the room and the projector just in front of I , the audience be look at a straight , nice rectangular screen without distortion . this skew adjustment , which be just above the lense housing unit , can be easily adjust to almost any angle . it be a great optical engineering result . I love it . this be a state of the art projector . rich vibrant color the light , color be full , vibrant , nicely balanced and saturated . the blue be mesmorize and the red be astonishing . I hook up the computer and visit many site and view many different picture , movie , slide show , YouTube , HD movie , even hook up blu-ray to play Avatar . it be gorgeous and breath taking . -lrb- mind you I be project this onto a 10 foot pull up projector screen big enough to show a nice movie for 150 people . -rrb- conclusion this be no ordinary powerpoint presentation projector for regular static picture . this be you ultra thin 60 '' lead tv replacement . -lrb- be the projection screen thinner than the LED tv ? I think so . . -rrb- use this and a nice set of thd speaker to watch Transformer III , it will be just like the theater experience if not better . -lrb- bring you pop corn machine too -rrb- the fan be very quiet , compare to other unit I have use . the 2800 luman be pure bright sunshine . it be BRIGHT . -lrb- period -rrb- . the screen adjustment be all there so it satisfy any placement position . the color be vivid , vibrant , rich and simply beautiful . so , it be time to dish out you American Express platinum card and make sure you have a nice screen to show what a nice projector you be buy . simply point this to a white wall with nail hole do not do justice to this machine . 4.5 star -lrb- point deduction on sound quality -rrb- highly reommended .
419	Projector	NEG	1	I be very excite about this item for two reason , its portability , and the fact that the bulb would last a very long time so I would not have to worry about replace it as I travel internationally . unfortunately the projector start malfunction right off the bat . within three month I have to replace the cord , it cost sixty two dollar . after I receive the cord , within a month the new cord do not work correctly . I do not think there be anything wrong with the cord , it appear that at the junction point of the cord go into the projector be a malfunction in the design , as it do not want to sit straight for very long , cause it to not connect correctly , which cause the projection to cease in midstream . ca not watch thing very long before this happen . also , within six month the pixel I think , the screen start show one white dot , then after another month it be three , and after a year it be like sixteen white dot on the screen from the lens coat fall apart or something . bottom line , within one year this thing be a piece of junk , and at four hundred dollar , it s a big disappointment .
375	Projector	NEG	1	the bulb be for my secondary tv . it be only use during the weekend when the kid be not in school . the bulb be replace a couple week ago and it burn out . the vendor be excellent . I be show what to do to get a replacement . yet the quality of the bulb be definitely not worth to explore
754	Projector	POS	5	I see a review about this projector about a year ago on a tv show call screen saver , which air on tectv . they give it a good review so i give it a try , a love it . I only buy it to watch dvd 's on a it work perfect for that . I have a huge wall in one room of we house a simply paint the wall white a use it as the screen . a 20 foot screen no less . it be the ultimate home theater , just add you surround sound a boom . no reason to ever leave you house for the movie again . yes the light do need to be low , or in my case i like it dark . but its get a great picture a more then worth the price . we have have nothing but fun with it ever since i buy . its the perfect projector for those on a buget or for anyone that just do ` nt like to waste a lot of money on something like watch movie ... ... ...
320	Projector	POS	5	buy for Iraq deployment ... awesome 5 ' + screen on the wall of my CHU -lrb- trailer -rrb- . definitely need external speaker\/headphones , but in a darkened room the picture be great .
422	Projector	NEG	1	the whole part be solid except the screw , shame when a screw break inside the connect plastic side of the projector , it ruin everything .
785	Projector	POS	4	even though the Epson Movie Mate be a older version , it fit into my need perfectly . I have no problem with the seller . e-bay and Amazon.com be a great service .
799	Projector	NEG	1	Este articulo es de muy muy mala calidad , lo compre y solo I duro 1 dia y medio al 2 dium fueron apareciendo manchas blancas hasta cubrir 70 % de la imagen , solo lo use 2 dia , soy de venezuela , para cambiarlo tenia que enviar el item malo pero cuando lo fui a enviar el el envio costaba mas casi igual que el item , no pude enviar el item por ese motivo , amazon I volvio a cobrar el mismo item y I envio uno nuevo ya que solicite cambio y no lo pude enviar , asi que ellos primero te envian otro antes de qeu tu envies el item malo y te obligan a pagarlo despue , no RECOMIENDO LA COMPRA de ESTE ITEM ... this article be of very poor quality , buy it and just drive I 1 day to 2 day and a half be white patch appear to cover 70 % of the image , use it only 2 day , I be from Venezuela , to change have to send the bad item but when I go to send the shipping cost more nearly like the item , I could not send the item for that reason , I return to amazon charge the same item and send I a new one and to seek change and I could not send , so they first send you another before you send the item qeu you bad and force you to pay later , I do NOT RECOMMEND tHE PURCHASE of THIS ITEM
486	Projector	NEG	2	the ad say high quality but I be not impress with what I receive . I do not install the lamp and return it because of two reason . First of all the tape-like seal on the plastic cover to metal casing that say `` no warranty if seal break '' be indeed break . secondly , the unit be not enclose at the front of the lamp which would mean if the lamp go out and explode like they do , the shattered glass would be scatter inside of the tv . this lamp , unlike the picture , have a square glass cover in a round hole . this be not my definition of `` high quality '' so I return the lamp . I do receive a full refund with no problem , however I do have to pay for return shipping .
41	Projector	NEG	1	you replace the battery for power and do not work . please thank he for he help with solve the case
971	Projector	NEG	2	it begin show a huge black spot in the middle of the screen ! it work for a couple week at least .
589	Projector	POS	4	I buy this projector last year and its still go strong . I do extensive research look for a 3d projector . the first issue I discover - it be nearly imposible to get a 1080p 3d projector under $ 10k . if you do not want to future proof you purchase and do not need or want the 3d , you should look at a 1080p projector . you will not really see a major difference until you get over 50 inch . at 300 dig . inch , it be noticiable to the trained eye . with that be say , the 3d function work flawlessly . you can even use it with content that be not originnaly code in 3d via use power dvd 11 -lrb- awsome program that convert dvd , video -lrb- avus and wmv -rrb- and even picture to 3d . -rrb- the Acer brightness be really good . I gennerally run it in eco mode becuase it save energy and cuase less eye strain . Standard mode be very bright . Standard best for lightly light room . the projector can connect to any source -lrb- hdmus , component , rca , dvi -rrb- the not so good : it can be rather annoy that when you change from one channel to another on you cable box the the projector reset -lrb- you get a blank screen for 5 sec . -rrb- to readjust to the signal for that particular channel . i.e. go from 4080p channel to 1080 p channel . add to that , it reset the projector back to standard brightness mode . also , in 3d mode , a blue instruction box pop up when you change the content . the remote control could definatley use some quick key function . what concern I the most about the remote control be that the projector itself do not contain any command button . so if you misplace the remote control there be no way to change any of the function on the projector . you will only be able to turn it on and off . major flaw in my opinion . verdict : Great value for this projector . I be very happy with the product and would highly recommend . since the price decrease as of late , I be consider buy two more for a surround 3d set up . -lrb- if you dont know what that be , look it up , its crazy -rrb-
448	Projector	POS	4	we have review the Optoma pk-201 pico projector on Picopros . it have virtually all the connectivity you would need and produce a sharp , bright image . see the full review as well as many other here : -lrb- ... -rrb- Paul Picopros.com
629	Projector	NEG	1	this projector need a lot of darkness in the room . the focus on it be very sensitive also . you basically get what you pay for , do not have high expectation for this device .
354	Projector	NEG	1	I buy this for new comer briefing for my business . it look good but that be about it . none of the input work . after follow the instruction and plug in a VGA cable to start with , there be a `` no sync '' screen showing . then I try different input include hdmus and s-video to no avail . I have own a few projector and this be product be just a waste of money . I end up purchase a pocket projector with the build in hard drive and good battery life -lrb- mpro150 -rrb- .
951	Projector	POS	5	the projector itself be very good . bright picture with the 2500 lumen but actually when I check on the viewsonic website it say 2700 lumen . the fan be not that noisey . for I its quiet . and I be also use the economic lamp option so the fan be on low and the brightness also on low but still with light turn off you get a bright picture . I project it on the wall for now still get the pull down screen from the rebate . the contrast be also good even on the wall . setup be quick from out the box only take I 5min less and it be on live ! well I read the manual before it arrive so I get the idea of what to do already . when it shut down you have to press the power button twice , one then another one with a bit longer press then it start the cool down , for a minute or 2 then it turn off fan and lamp but the power button will still be blinking blue let you know that it be still plug in . it blow warm air on its side . I have not try the 3d feature yet . it be very light weight easy to carry around and smaller than I expect . overall I be very happy with my purchase and I and my family be now enjoy a very big screen for movie in we bedroom .
903	Projector	NEG	1	purchase this from Kohls for a Christmas gift very dissapointed . noisy fan and the picture be very fuzzy , try all the seting for color , contrast , ect . unable to improve picture . save you money and buy a better one , find one on here for 139.00 hopefully it will be better .
977	Projector	NEG	1	buyer beware ! after only 10 or so use , white dot start appear all over the screen until finally you could not see a thing . when it be work tho , the image quality be fine , although it need close to zero light in the room to be enjoyable . so buy this only if you have a really dark room , only need it for about a month or so , and have money to spare .
392	Projector	NEG	2	so I would have to agree with most of the post . I like the projector alot but I feel the 20,000 hour for the bulb be mislead . I probably use it 8 hour a day . I leave it on in the background quite a bit . with 20,000 hour why not ? I have have it for 13 -lrb- ish -rrb- month and I now need a new bulb . during startup within the first minute , the left hand side of the screen flicker then go halfway dark . I have contact Favi twice and have not hear back . language barrier ? I be post this because this be the whole reason I buy the projector in the first place . the bulb . besides the bulb I like it . it be be a great first projector . I hope to hear from Favi as I would like to fix this . I feel a little leave out in the cold as there be no replacement bulb available . if someone have a link to a replacement bulb please email I or post here . I hope this be not a disposable projector . Update 5-18-12 Favi do end up send I a new projector in the case above . no complaint , good help . but , I just have the bulb go out on I for the second time last night . this bulb go out on the new unit they send I after a year and 2 month -lrb- wait for favus the find my records\/respond -rrb- . so , when it say 20,000 hour on the bulb it be utter nonsense . I be either really unlucky or these bulb be not what they claim to be . so I buy this projector specifically because it have a lead , and I 'll never deal with bulb , be not work for I . I 'll update this review when I hear back . 14 year bulb life ? try 14 month like any other projector have be my experience .
584	Projector	POS	5	nice usb to pc connection it be truly a plug n ' Play ! I just scan through the Quick Guide and I be able to operate the projector easily . my only concern be whether the 2600 lumen would be enough light intensity consider the natural light present , not to mention the church 's plain white wall be use to project image . however , it be plenty enough the project image off of Power Point presentation be quite legible and colorful from over 300 ft. . needless to say , I highly recommend this product !!!
279	Projector	NEG	1	this be my second Panasonic projector . the first one start turn blue after about a year and a half . this one , in addition to have the iris problem which other have already describe , have turn yellow in the middle after 1000 hour . I be not a smoker and I clean the filter regularly . I will not buy another Panasonic projector until they can produce a product that do not fail after a year .
917	Projector	NEG	1	the project image be very bad . it be blurry even after focus & the color be fade . it would not pick up a signal with the hdmus connection . I be hope to return but the seller have a long list of non returnable item , include tv . it be bright enough but what a awful image . the only way to adjust the projection size be to move the projector . for the price I know it would not be perfect but it would not be worth watch if it be free .
541	Projector	POS	5	great product for view dvd and other video source on a big -lrb- 100 '' + screen -rrb- . Projects the best -lrb- movie house like -rrb- picture with a component out , progressive dvd player . buy the special component to VGA cable - it be worth it . Picture will rival plasma and projection tv . Projects a image that will make you think you be in the movie ! the unit look very modern .  vibrant and accurate color , bright image , low fan noise and little pixelation -lrb- none if you set the lens a touch off focus for a softer image -rrb- make this a excellent and cost effective way to start a home theater . Picture be very competitive with the Infocus x1 , however the Epson have no rainbow problem -lrb- it be lcd -rrb- which contribute to eyestrain and fatigue . I have see they run together and I prefer the Epson image overall . the Epson have color saturation that be second to none . bulb cost very little too . Team it up with a home theater in a box system and start charge you friend admission !
378	Projector	POS	4	the product be overall a good fit , but the bolt be not very long and the include drywall mount and screw be kinda of sad . we get some bigger and longer screw and mount it straight to the ceiling joist , and also use loctite on all of the bolt except the one go directly into the projector . the bolt do not always thread through enough to make I comfortable . the plate itself and the joint be well make and decent though . plus this mount be waaaay cheaper than other , and be customize for the unit .
921	Projector	POS	5	the projector be receive in good order , function accord to specification and my interaction with GRAHAMGANNON & Co have be cordial and helpful .
686	Projector	NEG	1	ever since we get this projector out of the box we have have nothing but trouble . just get it to power on take about 10 minute of button push and connect and reconnect before we can coax it to power up . and sometimes it receive the hdmus signal and sometimes it do not . Technical support from Optoma be just about be poor as tech support can be , with nothing better than a web form to fill out , and a promise they will get back to I in 24-48 hour , by e-mail ! then once they get back to you , you be catch in a very slow e-mail correspondence , and then you give up .
275	Projector	POS	4	for college , this projector be worth the money . in a sunny day with the blind close on the east window a decent picture can still be acquire . the 16x9 picture be great but when connect to the computer , I sometimes get a greenish tent but not when it be connect to a dvd player , etc. . my only issue be that when watch a movie the projector will go out of focus halfway through the movie , probably because of the vibration of the projector itself . overall a really good product .
892	Projector	NEG	1	I live in Peru and a relative bring this item to I when he come to Peru . when i try it it didnt work and i have to take it to a technician just to figure out it have a burnt circuit inside . it be the worst decision to buy this item . wouldnt trust in this store again . I 'll have to pay someone else to fix it , since im not in the US to make a complaint directly to the store .
998	Projector	NEG	2	I be displeased with this unit . at about 15 foot the word be not very clear . I use it for presentation of financial statement and display we online client portal . people be unable to read what be on the screen .
879	Projector	NEG	1	remote never work and for some unexplained reason which ever computer connection use on two different window 7 system it would connect then in a matter of about 60 secound disconnet , go look for another connection , come back and select the usb 2.0 and start the cycle over . True-to-Life Colors ... have problem with yellow . return item .
512	Projector	POS	4	this product so nice and perfect 3M pocket projector mp 180 remote control be as mention by the dealer and suppler its the right choice for you its amazing tool for datum show
146	Projector	NEG	1	have be able to use mine for about 40 hour . after that it fail to respond to any input from any source . contact Benq and they say there be nothing they could do but send it in for repair since they have be have problem with these unit . send it in and get it back . it work once during a test preparation for a presentation but once again fail to acknowledge any input when turn on the next day during the actual presentation . contact Benq and they say I could have it repair -lrb- be not repair last time -rrb- or receive a refurbish unit -lrb- someone else 's problem -rrb- . so be work on my third round , maybe I 'll be lucky this time . it will be my last Benq product . I can not recommend the product or company .
690	Projector	NEG	1	I do not know if the problem be with the accessory kit or my projector , but I still have problem get my Iphone 4 to work with my Optoma projector .
719	Projector	POS	5	Works as advertised - better than some of the bigger model con : the menu on the screen after boot up , be not very intuitive , you have to finger just about every button before there be a response - same with use the supply remote , overall , i would recommend this to anyone look to throw up some dazzling art , or gaming in the back yard , the list go on .
912	Projector	NEG	1	my unit be manufacture April 2011 . I think that , be lead , I would have one less source of problem ... I be right , since the lead do not die . but the unit stop work in the middle of a movie . since its DLP , i think that the spot on the screen be due to the mirror stick at a specific position . I be not sure what go wrong , I never use the audio of the unit , but the day it die I decide to plug the output of the cable tv receiver -lrb- a\/v out -rrb- , and use a headphone . but the audio be intermittent , like something be digitally mute it on low audio level ... now , after power it up , only appear some ` random ' bright dot . no drive mount on the usb -lrb- maybe try a firmware update might bring it back to life -rrb- . by read other post , and watch how many question samsung actually answer on they site , i know my headache be just begin .
451	Projector	POS	5	screen arrive undamaged which be the main fear i have , have to pay to ship it back for a rma would have suck . but that be not the case it arrive in perfect condition and be pack well . installation and setup be simple . Quality be good , do not feel cheap or flimsy . come with 2 battery power remote and a wall mount unit . the wall mount unit look kind of ugly mount on the wall with two thick white cable come out of it -lrb- especially with dark gray wall -rrb- but really no other way around that unless you run power through the ceiling . Picture quality be much better with the screen than the wall i be previously project on , cant really compare it with other screen but the picture quality seem fine to I . screen speed up\/down be slightly slower than expect , not a big deal though its all the way down by the time the projector finish start up . also relatively quiet as far as motor noise go . finally i be able to program it into my Logitech Harmony remote with no problem , add it to a activity and make it the first thing to fire . it will be down by the time the projector warm up and up by the time everything else shut off . really cant beat it for the price , plus free shipping with Amazon Prime . would definitely buy again or recommend to a friend .
605	Projector	POS	5	I read all the review and be skeptical that I could really get a high-end projector for the low price . I compare pricing to unit at BestBuy and Costco , but this be really a great deal . I use the projector for power point presentation and also connect it to my laptop so we could watch a movie on the wall . very quick and easy to set up . I like that it be so small and compact . I buy a carry case separately , but it would have be nice if it be include , as the one I purchase be soft-sided and the cord be quite large for the pocket .
188	Projector	POS	5	my son buy this for himself and have be very happy with the quality of this product for the decent price he pay .
11	Projector	POS	4	everyone review this product and rate it as if it be a $ 900.00 dlp hd projector . well quite simply it be not . this be a low price budget projector perfect for outdoor movie viewing and with a simple $ 20.00 converter box its good for presentation too . I have use it numerous time in my backyard to watch tv show and movie and everyone be pleased . no its not crystal clear but with some adjustment it be enjoyable and easy to view . the setup be quick and easy and with the use of a old projector screen brightness and color be not too bad . I be enjoy this product greatly consider I only pain $ 85.00 for the converter , projector and screen . I would recommend this to anyone look for a cheap projector for light use keep in mind it be cheap and the quality be not perfect .
376	Projector	NEG	2	ive own this projector for a 2 month and now the bulb over heat and it shut the bulb off and go to emergency cooling mode . I call amazon and they say I need to call Benq . I will update with they response . the color and option be great but surely I must have a defective bulb or unit . I use it to watch 2 movie and to project art on a wall . I might have use it for 7 hour max before I run into issue
444	Projector	POS	5	this amazing little piece of technology have blow my mind . I turn my empty bedroom wall into a 50 '' screen . I have show family member travel photo at a moment notice . I have impress a few young woman at the bar . quite simply , you have the ability to project a screen of vary size anywhere - it be quite the feat and really quite fun as you watch other `` ooh and ahh '' at this technology . enjoy !
266	Projector	POS	4	I really like this product , however it be necessary to turn off all of the light in order to see it . also , I highly do not recommend it for a home theater projector because the contrast be low , and it be very hard to see dark image in movie -lrb- not a movie projector . it be fine however for video game . also , if you plan to use it for you computer , do not buy it because the resolution be horrible -lrb- like its a tiny laptop screen size -rrb- and its hard to read text .
984	Projector	POS	5	this be a great projector . we place this in we church worship center and shoot it on a 10 ' wide screen . the color be bright and sharp . we order the wpd-100 and be hope to gain even more vertisility . for the price you will not find a better projector .
449	Projector	POS	5	Compact and light weight , this be aim squarely at the travel business person who need to make presentation while travel , but it be also a handy general purpose projector , if you can accept a few limitation in exchange for the low price . pro : very compact , low price , excellent image quality , good color , good build quality , easy to use , good remote con : no hdmus input , remote not backlit the high lumen mean this projector be very bright and can be use in a room with a fair amount of ambient light . a step up from the 800x600 210 model , the 310 's 1024x768 resolution and 4:3 aspect ratio be fine for present and for dvd 's , gaming , and many video format . it be equivalent to 720p hd -- higher resolution than standard dvd video -lrb- 640x480 -rrb- and fine for streaming video , divx , home video , photo , and similar use . it be very well suit for laptop video game with a mid-level graphic card as well . you get Epson build quality and reliability , long bulb life , good out of the box color , instant on\/off , usb instant play -lrb- for photo , presentation , and pc display , but not suitable for video -rrb- , and VGA -lrb- good for pc Video and general display purpose -rrb- . you get vertical -lrb- but not horizontal , that be reserve for the more expensive 315 model -rrb- lens shift and lot of tweaking option -lrb- most of which you will not need -rrb- . this unit be very quick and easy to set-up and use , and quick to shutdown and pack up as well . I use the VGA input to connect my laptop to the projector , everything work fine and be quick and easy to setup . projector detect the video signal and the auto config work as expect . I project a 84 '' -lrb- diagonal -rrb- image use ECO mode -lrb- lower power\/brightness , less noise , longer lamp life -rrb- and leave the auto iris on -lrb- better black -rrb- . I do not need to make any adjustment to color , everything look good to I . the image quality be excellent for the price . for business purpose , it be very good . for home media , it be acceptable and , at this price , very decent . the black be not `` inky , '' but the image be bright and colorful . also a good choice for gaming via the VGA connection . there be no hdmus at this price , not a issue for business use , but it mean you 'll have to use component output to the VGA input connector via a special cable -lrb- not include -rrb- for best quality dvd\/movie video . no usb cable be include , either , which be a bit lame in my opinion , but , hey , look at the price ! verdict : the basic idea here be to deliver a good quality , budget projector that feature Epson 's key image and build quality , and basic feature , at the lowest cost possible , I believe Epson have hit the target and that these projector will be quite popular . I have raise my initial 4 star rating to 5 star base on my test and performance vs. cost -lrb- i.e. bang for the buck -rrb- . a excellent business projector and a handy all-around projector when use with a laptop or desktop pc via the VGA connector . --------------------- Update 2011-12-01 : photo and Art image look very good to excellent . there be plenty of detail , very bright , fairly sharp , wonderful color fidelity , and overall great image quality . I also do some limited testing to see how this unit would work with streaming video for casual movie watch -lrb- e.g. netflix , Amazon Instant video , etc. -rrb- . image quality be very acceptable . Blacks be decent , thing that be black , look black . this be no match for a good home theater unit , no inky black and `` pop '' here , but a very decent and eminently watchable image . would be great for sport , I be guess . I watch some Netflix film and they look very good , dvd quality plus\/minus depend on source . the Amazon video I watch -lrb- Firefly non-hd -rrb- be a bit lower in quality , but still acceptable . some native video -lrb- i.e. play from laptop hard drive -rrb- look great , near or better than dvd quality , YouTube video be pixellate due to they low resolution , but the higher rez look ok . -lrb- on a 84 '' image , you be go to notice block and pixellation w\/youtube and other lower quality source , so keep that in mind . -rrb- I use blutooth speaker or headphone for audio - do not bother with the projector audio . all in all , it be fun and I be very pleased with the result . I think many would be perfectly happy with this projector for casual movie\/video use -lrb- just do not compare it to a moderate to high-end HT unit -rrb- . the wonderful hbe -lrb- human brain effect -rrb- take over after awhile and you do not really notice any image quality issue . perfectly enjoyable and very inexpensive by comparison . also very easy to set-up and put-away . I project the image on my light beige wall and even that look pretty good . the auto iris do click a bit occasionally -lrb- as with most other unit -rrb- , but you can turn it off if this bother you . it improve the black a little bit , noticeable , but not a dramatic change . if you do not get too hang up on the lower resolution -lrb- vs. the newer 1080p unit -rrb- , moderate screen door effect -lrb- never bother I at all -rrb- , you 'll have a lot of fun . and , at current price , this be hard to beat in term of fun\/dollars spend .
42	Projector	POS	5	this machine be so easy to set up and operate and the picture quality be excellent . the ability to connect you presentation with a flash drive to the usb plug n play save I from drag a laptop with I to do a presentation . when I do need the laptop the connectivity its such a breeze and I have no difficulty connect or set up . it display video very well and even in room with a lot of light . I use the Epson at a conference with about 350 people and with the 2600 lumen it be easy to see anywhere in the room , excellent color and easy set up . very satisfy with my purchase .
406	Projector	NEG	1	long story short , it be a piece of garbage , do not waste you money . -lrb- if you puchase this that be all you be do ! , and , you will be disappoint . -rrb- I read the mostly positive review , think that maybe it be a good deal , since I would always want a home projector , and the price be comparatively low . from the phrasing of the product title , I also believe this to be a hd projector , it be NOT !! it just have port to use hd device on it . I be so mad when find that out , because where 's the logic in that ? the picture `` quality '' suck , BIG TIME !! the color be horrible , and no matter how much we focus it , my brother 's xbox 360 could not be play because it be too blurry . if it be not for the headache , and hassle of send the damn thing back to China , at my expense , I would do exactly that . this be the worst purchase I believe I have make on Amazon , Third party or not !
950	Projector	POS	5	plasma follower say what you like but this projection be it . awesome clarity , a huge picture , hdtv and no hassle with hang on the wall , tv stand or heavy lift to move the darn thing . Yippie aye ay sum it up for I ... and when it get to be summer again I can take it outside on hot night and watch a flick on the wall . do not tell I about bulb life until you read up on this new tech and who say that plasma or lcd 's do not crater within that time frame as well . you say tomatoe , I say tomato , you say plasmo , I say projecto !
607	Projector	POS	4	I be pleasantly surprise at this unit . it be not perfect , but for what it be it be great . first , the picture , and most important part of this unit . the picture be great . sure it be not as god as a big display unit , but for its compact size it work great . unfortunately there be not any picture control that I could find except for focus , so the picture you get be what you get . color be a little dull , but that might have to do with the darkness in the room too . it also have a build in speaker which be not the loudest , but better than nothing . you can always connect external speaker . the focus dial be great and I be able ego get the image very crisp at a large size , and smaller one . the unit itself be very light . definitely build for on the go . it have a little pop out stand that really do not raise the unit much and be almost useless . the include tripod be much better and work great once you get the leg at the right angle . the lack of extra feature make it very easy to use with on\/off\/volume controls\/focus , and that be about it . it do get warm pretty fast so you do want to use the tripod . it come with a bunch of accessory include outlet for various plug type , video cable , a case . you can use the VGA cable to connect you computer which also have a audio plug connect to it , so no need to have a separate cable . I also try the iPod\/iPad connector and it work fantastic . I be even able to play purchase video from iTunes , which I do not expect . I be not sure if every model come with the connector or if it be a extra buy on . while this unit be pricey , it be cheaper than a full size unit and definitely perfect for the person on the go with the light weight . this really be a nice unit .
256	Projector	NEG	1	I get this projector about a month ago in NY and travel with it back to argentna where I live . first time I turn it on the thing burn out even though it say it support multiple voltage and I read the manual thoroughly before plug it . I mail optoma for the guarantee but they only cover it in the US . there be no official service outside USA and maybe Canada , not in Argentina anyway . I write they several email and get few reply . more than once I have to forward they the same mail so that they would give I any dice . I finally take the projector to a spacialized service and they tell I the power supply blow and that they could not get the part for it . I be still wait for Optoma to give I a answer and see if they can ship the part over . the thing be that the lamp have a 90 day guararntee so they be probably wait for my time to run out . if you get a projector be sure to buy from the well know brand like epson or hp . they part be much easier to get and they have worldwide support and service .
882	Projector	POS	4	this be a great product for a great price . remote Works well and can control almost all if not all of the function available . Picture quality be good . if you get close enough you 'll see the pixel but for less than $ 400 it can not be beat ! Picture brightness be excellent !
739	Projector	NEG	1	make of cheap material and not sturdy enough . we spend a lot of time to make it work finally but I still do not like the way it hang . I do not recommend this one at all .
881	Projector	NEG	1	I buy this mount base on a review by someone who say that he have have the same projector that I have -lrb- Epson 8100 -rrb- . I use this as a wall mount in the back of my room which I be tell I can . the mount should be gear drive as it slip because it be a smooth connection . the set screw do not hold it in place as they should , it still slip and the projector rest against the wall . I have have to readjust my screen to fit the configuration that this mount have decide for I . it state that it will hold projector weigh much more than mine but it will not even hold my 18lb projector without slip . I do not recommend this mount .
511	Projector	NEG	2	I order this item after read the review on Amazon of how the product be a great value . well , the product material seem good . the electric version -lrb- the one I order -rrb- have a nice convenience of be able to roll up the screen if need . but , the screen curl at the edge -lrb- the black part of the screen side -rrb- . unfortunately , these curl part also extend to the white surface -lrb- actual screen area -rrb- , so the edge of the image be distort . I guess you get what you pay for . if you want a distortion-free image , stay away from this product . after one week of use , I see more image distortion , so the surface be definitely not flat ! for a classroom or boardroom , this product would work well , but for a home theater application , it fall WAY short . UPDATE : I could not take the screen uniformity problem -lrb- curl and wave -rrb- , so have to return it for another brand . well worth the extra $ 84 for a elite screen !
433	Projector	NEG	2	I buy this model 4 year ago for my computer lab . from the very start I have trouble . the project image flicker and jump . I call right away and they replace my lamp for free . for the next 2 year it work sporadically . it would not come on the first time I turn it on , sometimes I have to unplug it . I call several time and be give the run around . finally a notice to extend my warrenty come . I extend it and call again . I be tell it be certainly because the lamp be get near the end of it be 1000-2000 hour -lrb- big difference , eh ? -rrb- . I explain there be no way it have be use for that many hour , and the tech support guy argue with I . I give up argue and try one of the thing he say -lrb- take out the lamp and remove the dust -rrb- . after that , it work consistantly . -lrb- when I could finally get it to work , I check the lamp hour ... it have run for 238 , no where near 1000 -rrb- . I think I be home free . I use it today and it be on for about a hour plus . I be away from it work on a computer when I hear a loud bang . I look up and the screen be blank . the darn lamp explode ! I hate to give up on InFocus all together , but I may have to .
573	Projector	NEG	1	work great the first day and by the second day it lose color and third day it be completly dead .
961	Projector	NEG	2	I purchase this product because I do not want to spend a whole lot of money , but I want to be able to watch movie on my wall in my house . I purchase it basically know that for the cheap price , it would not be that great , but I have hope for some reason that it would be passable and get the job do . but I be wrong . with most of my movie , I could not even make out the identity of the character that be show from the movie . I do not recommend get this product as it be a waste of very valuable money on my part . if you really want to buy a projector , then I recommend save up you money to buy a really great quality one -lrb- the really good one average from about $ 500 and up -rrb- . but , if you do buy this product , here be a tip : although the picture be barely recognizable , it help if the surface you be project on it very large . again , I do not recommend this product at all . I recommend save up for a quality one if a projector really something you want .
51	Projector	POS	5	i buy this for presentation of tax and financial seminar . i need something easily carry and connect . it be sooooo small ! but very powerful and impressive . i buy a flash drive and download the power point and use the projector exclusively . i have to use the power cord to get a bright picture - without it be a good picture but not bright . for I , use the remote be a big problem . the remote only work while stand behind the unit . i like to stand away and walk around , make contact with my audiance so i have to have another person stand at the unit and use the remote . might not be a problem for you if you be ok with stand behind the projector . the picture be clear and the `` run '' noise of the unit not bad . i have recommend it to other associate .
923	Projector	POS	5	well , there be many place that provide the specification , but if you after someone 's personal opinion , I would say it be second to none projector . the picture be crisp and sharp . you have to realize that not every dvd will exhibit the best picture , but if the movie have be compress with the good quality you will be delighted with the performance of this one . I do not regret even for a second for the money I spend on it !
368	Projector	NEG	2	initially I very excite by this product because I view it as a portable way to project larger version of myself to other . in particular , I be interested in appear 7 + foot tall to other in a business context . unfortunately , this do not work out as well as I have anticipate . quite possibly due to the fact the Optoma pk301 be only capable of create a two-dimensional image . on the upside , the pk301 occasionally send I through time in a uncontrolled manner . I also see from other review that this be not a uncommon occurrence for Optoma projector . I think the `` net net '' here be that it be a mediocre business tool but a effective , though unpredictable , time machine . I be actually in the process of now try to contact past-me by travel through to time to warn myself from purchase the Optoma pk301 in the first place . I think that pretty much say it all .
377	Projector	POS	5	I manage to get a PS3 and know I need a new hd projector to properly represent the blu-ray movie and next-gen game . after search for month over the net I finally find ton of good review on the pt ax100u and decide to go for it . even though it be native resolution be 720p , it be HDMI input accept 1080p\/60 even 1080p\/24 ! plus it handle all the resolution below . boy be I impress ! the jump in quality of even the sd tv image be immediately noticable ! it do a good job of upscale my current sd satellite line up . the PS3 set itself to 1080p when connect to this projector and the picture look excellant . the blu-ray movie be very clean and sharp ! the brightness be finally good enough to still watch program with the curtain a bit open and a decent amount of light come through . it look like a massive lcd or plasma screen . the color and contrast be very good as well . I be very happy with this purchase and so be all my friend and guest who come over and be shock by the clarity and brightness ! let 's hope it work well for a long time to come .
132	Projector	POS	5	I purchase this projector to use for business presentation when we be on the road . it pack nicely and be easy to travel with . it work well for the presentation and get the job do . I be please with this purchase .
597	Projector	NEG	1	the VIVITAR 5000 arrive with the inner , MANUFACTURERS BOX , UNPROTECTED FROM the outer SHIPPING CARTON . both carton be intact ; HOWEVER , I assume it WAS drop very hard from a CONSIDERABLE HIGHT ... three of the four lens in the projector be knock OUT of THEIR BRACKETS and LOOSE in the VIVITAR ASSEMBLY RENDERING the projector completely inoperative . contact the shipper BROUGHT IMMEDIATE STATEMENT that it would be pick up at MY HOME ASAP BY UPS for RETURN and the send of a new unit . I hope they pack it more carefully . the CONTACT PERSON say it be carefully pack . I be sure it be supposed to be BUT in REALITY IT WAS NOT ! I have hear that both FEDEX and UPS in THEIR CONVEYOR BELT SORTING HAVE TRANSITIONS with DROPS of 2 FEET or more in the process . THIS REPORT be SECOND HAND BUT one COMPANY -lrb- MAKING HIGH FREQUENCY AMATEUR BAND LINEAR AMPLIFIERS -rrb- say 40 % of THEIR SHIPPING of AMPLIFIERS be arrive severely damage that THEY HAVE resort to PUTTING THEIR AMPLIFIER CARTONS ON PALLETS for more gentle handle by the FREIGHT COMPANYS . KENNETH B. HOLDEN 2107 W. SACRAMENTO AVE CHICO , CA 95973 530.894.8702 kenholden@comcast.net
663	Projector	NEG	2	this be a good concept however the delivery of the product be cheap at best . the container be make of metal that be too thin to actually hold together . critical bracket be break when I receive the unit . also the screen be dirty and this should never happen in a new product . would not buy another one .
581	Projector	POS	4	I buy this Pyle Home PRJLE33 Portable LED Projector for sport season mostly . it work best at night and with enough room to make it at least 60 inch wide . but still show good picture during daylight hour . it have all the right stuff to hook it up to nearly anything you would want to project . bright color and great contrast with these build in speaker that sound excellent and make it the perfect game day everyday . I recommend this unit to anyone who think it be important to see the expression on they favorite player face . the lens be super easy to adjust to any flat situation and have a remote control to do the job from anywhere in the room . best buy of the year by far for I .
397	Projector	NEG	2	this system sound pretty good -- for a three channel system . we have a rectangular room with reasonably reflective surface , but the surround feature of this unit really do not work at all . the center\/left\/right front channel sound good , but surround be non-existent . do not buy if you be look for something with surround . I be not satisfy ; it be go back .
460	Projector	POS	5	the new projection lamp come in as request and within the estimate delivery date . I install the lamp but have difficulty get a picture from the tv so I call technical support at Sony and they walk I through the issue . there be a door on the side of the tv in which the lamp be insert . if that door be not shut a certain way , there be a sensor that will not allow the tv to turn on . after that the tv work just fine . the lamp be a great deal and I definitely would do this again .
231	Projector	POS	4	my mother-in-law need a portable projector for a string of upcoming presentation she be go to be do . the requirement be simple : it need to be portable , it need to be affordable , and it need to be simple . this little guy be all that and more packed into a incredibly small package . the image it throw be crystal clear , and it be plenty bright to throw a 6 ' image up on a moderately dim room . the compact size and durability of the LED light source make it ideally suit for travel . the price be remarkable , at least in my eye , when throw up against less-portable , xeon-bulb counterpart in the same price range . in term of simplicity , a single hdmus - -rrb- Mini DisplayPort cable -lrb- not include -rrb- provide idiot-proof connectivity to she Macbook pro . there be only two con that I find noteworthy . 1 -rrb- the case that it come with be something of a joke . it be a thin neoprene zipper bag , just big enough to fit the projector . not the power brick and its cable . not the signal cable of any size or stripe . just the projector . and not very adequately pad for a expensive , relatively delicate piece of hardware . it just seem to be a worthless gesture to include a ill-suited bag . to remedy this , I pick up a  Lowepro Adventura 140 Camera Case  its not perfect ; i could stand with it be a inch bigger in any or all direction , but it hold the projector -lrb- in its include bag -rrb- , power brick and cable , and the hdmus - -rrb- minidp cable snugly , securely , and safely . the bag be well padded and come with a pair of movable divider for organize . if you do want to use this bag with this projector , I recommend remove one of the divider , as with both of they in there , it get too cramped . 2 -rrb- the tripod mount be worthless . actually , dangerous be probably a better term . give the projector 's size , it seem perfectly suit to be mount atop a normal camera tripod , and come with a mount that dubiously suggest such capability . the problem be that the mount be not structural . its just a hole mold into the bottom of the case , with a threaded brass insert wedge into it . typically you want to tighten down camera -lrb- or projector -rrb- to tripod ; do so with this projector will do nothing but pull the brass insert out of its hole . if you be to trust this , and not to notice the precariousness of the situation , bump the tripod the wrong way , or assume you could pick the tripod up with the projector attach could have disastrous result . -lrb- for those not follow : the projector would detach from the tripod , leave the threaded insert behind , still securely attach to the tripod . gravity would do the rest . -rrb- I have no remedy for this , as it be a structural problem , a design flaw if you will . it could be remedy by Acer use a better threaded insert , or even better , use a insert with a plate that would be secure to the inside of the case some how , which appear to be how most digital camera work . this would allow the torque and force of the tripod to be spread across more area of the casing , without much impact to the design of the projector . bottom line , this be a great little projector ; just plan on pick up a decent bag to keep all its necessaries together , and do not try mount it to a tripod .
621	Projector	POS	5	this be a impulse buy . my wife 's birthday be draw near and I know she would love a projector to watch movie together but I be not ready to invest more than 500 $ on something that we will not be use daily . I be very pleased with the purchase . pro 1 . less than 500 $ 2 . work for home movie ! 3 . bright at 2500 Lumens 4 . value for money if you use it for occasional view con : 1 . no hdmus input : - -lrb- 2 . low resolution i.e. no hi-def
904	Projector	POS	5	the InFocus ScreenPlay 4800 be a reincarnation of the very popular InFocus ' x1 DLP Projector . the 4800 have a remote but , otherwise , be identical to the x1 . recently InFocus have release a x2 model which have 1500 lumen -lrb- brighter bulb , up from 1000\/1100 lumen -rrb- . since Amazon like to know about best pricing you can obtain a x2 for about $ 1000 and the x1 be available for $ 900 at various vendor 's on the internet . I purchase my screenplay 4800 at Costco for $ 1200 and it include a 6 ' by 3.8 ' self contain -lrb- roll down or up from floor -rrb- screen which be at least a $ 200 value .  this projector -lrb- 4800 -rrb- be a outstanding value and perform with stunning clarity and overall excellence . the accompany documentation be thorough and setup be very easy .  I have use the projector for viewee dvd 's , watch standard cable broadcast sport and tv programming and for project my computer -lrb- notebook -rrb- display all with great ease and great satisfaction . dvd movie view use the projector 's component input produce crystal clear image that be smooth and virtually amazing .  the lamp life be rate at generous 4000 hour and a replacement lamp be price at $ 300 .  any flat white wall will do nicely if you do not have a view screen . even though I have a projection screen I purchase a 48 '' by 36 '' clear white -lrb- reflective -rrb- `` marker board '' -lrb- $ 9.00 -rrb- and mount it on the wall in my home studio and the result be as good as any $ 3000 + plasma screen tv .  the dlp technology rock ! Infocus be now -lrb- I believe -rrb- in they 13th generation of projector and they have it down pat . some people may -lrb- very few by percentage -rrb- notice a slight -lrb- and infrequent -rrb- `` rainbow effect '' that be inherent in all dlp technology projector . the `` rainbow effect '' be fleeting and infrequent sparkle in some small area of project video and not something that be continuous nor large -lrb- size of a dime -rrb- . the effect be minimal and fleeting -lrb- one frame -rrb- and be , in my opinion , as close as you can get to `` of no consequence '' . someone who can see these `` rainbow effect '' may notice two or three in a entire feature film . so , if you get a dlp technology projector you may not want to invite any Virgo 's to you screening party . : - -rrb-  ideally , to use any projector -lrb- regardless of luman rating -rrb- you need to have control of you ambient lighting . the best viewing be in a room where the lighting can imitate that of a movie theater . you can imagine how a project image would be in a regular movie theater with daylight streaming in through picture window . the same situation will exist in you home . the darker the room the better the visual quality . Night time view present no strategic lighting issue .  to get a project image -lrb- 16:9 -rrb- that be 7 foot -lrb- diagonal -rrb- across you will need about 14 foot distance from you projector to you wall or movie screen . eight foot distance will give you a five foot diagonal image . so space -lrb- `` The Final Frontier '' -rrb- be a consideration . the project image also allow for a view angle of about 120 degree unlike plasma screen tv 's .  bottom line : the InFocus ScreenPlay 4800 DLP projector be a expression of technological excellence . stellar movie , jaw drop video , ease of use , legendary bulb life , greatly enhance tv viewing , superior mobility , 2 year part and labor warranty -lrb- exclusive of bulb -rrb- at a bargain price compare to plasma screen tv , lcd tv and some rear projection tv 's .  with the 4800 I have a `` better than '' plasma screen tv , with a minimal footprint , with a 55 inch diagonal picture -lrb- 8 foot from projector to `` message board '' view screen -rrb- and it actually feel like you be on the bridge of the Starship Enterprise -lrb- Spike tv -rrb- and dvd 's be magnificent and televised sport give you the best seat in the arena . if you be look for a DLP Projector without have to get a advanced degree in Rocket Science then the 4800 fill the bill .  O.K. Let 's go to press !
769	Projector	POS	5	finally , a projector that deliver on all front - I travel a lot in my role as a erp solution consultant and this projector be a must have . image quality be exceptional - that include the extra feature justify the higher price tag -lrb- have say that , I do not think this projector be overprice at all -rrb- . even in a room with standard office light the picture be very clear and text be also clear and sharp -lrb- this be often where cheaper model fall down -rrb- - brightness and contrast exceptional . I be not experience the noise issue that other reviewer be report - the fan be not obtrusive and be quieter than a lot of other projector that I have use . the light weight and size be perfect for true portability . the construction be by no means flimsy - very solid and robust . my aaa + + + purchase of the year .
19	Projector	POS	5	- I upgrade from 720p , hc4000 have extremely noticeable higher resolution - do test a few other 1080p projector in $ 900 - $ 1500 price range all pale in comparison to pq of hc4000 -- have Pretty straight forward menu , easy install , light weight - black unit color be a important feature for I to blend with black ceiling , there be small amount of light leakage from top of unit which would reflect on floor if turn for ceiling install but not a huge deal with bigger screen , I be use 110 '' reflective . fan noise be audible in silent movie scene if near unit but otherwise the value of a bulb last for 4000 -5000 hour and a breath take picture be worth any minor flaw . find it under $ 1499 - buy and enjoy you wont regret !!
640	Projector	POS	4	I have be use a front projection setup for several year now , start with a serendipitous purchase of a NEC lt150 that be a `` price mistake '' find . after get it and figure out how to mount it , put up a screen and run cable in the ceiling with a friend 's help , I have be hook on the true theater type experience that a projector provide . it be a dim , loud , business class projector but still a thrill to have a 100 '' picture . I upgrade over the year to a brighter NEC business projector , then finally enter real home theater projector land with a 1080p optoma hd80 . at the time , the hd80 be one of the best bang for the buck projector ever make , and I enjoy the heck out of it . one of the thing that bug I with the NEC business projector be the dreaded dlp `` rainbow effect '' , and with the hd80 that be minimize enough that it never really bother I . I be fairly sensitive to it , apparently , and could force myself to see it on the hd80 but only by unnatural thing like shake my head . unfortunately after 2 1\/2 year the hd80 die , and I decide to look around for new model since 1080p have become the standard , and less of a premium feature . the Benq W6000 be high on my radar because it be one of the very few moderate price dlp model that include lens shift . its brightness be another attribute I like since I have a `` living room ht '' without full light control , and the extra brightness be great for those afternoon football game . I end up buy a Epson 8100 lcd unit locally , and the w6000 here , and compare they -lrb- eventually add a Sony SXRD model to the mix to hit all 3 major projector technology -rrb- . the Benq live up to its billing , produce a very bright , dynamic picture . after some tweak to the initial base setting , I be pretty happy with the overall picture , color , black level etc. . as another reviewer note , Dynamic Black seem to cause a little too much iris noise so I also turn it off , and do not notice much difference in the overall picture . but one problem come back ... rainbow . the color wheel be actually only a 4x speed , as oppose to the 6x speed that the hd80 use . in addition , extra brightness seem to make ANYTHING more noticeable , rainbow include . after a couple of week , I just could not live with it and end up return it . if you be not sensitive to this artifact , the w6000 be a fantastic projector . I really , really want it to work for I but end up pay more for the SXRD unit -lrb- Sony vpl-hw15 -rrb- . -lrb- I be not overly impressed with the Epson 8100 , though it be a lower price model so not a really fair comparison - I wish I would be able to find a 8500 to try instead . -rrb-
403	Projector	POS	4	if you be in a situation where you have ambient light , or a large screen to fill this projector fit the bill . the important part be the six segment color wheel . a lot of dlp projector with this type of light output will cheat and use a seven segment wheel . the Seventh segment be white . that increase the brightness but wash out the color and ruin the contrast . those that be sensitive to DLP `` Rainbows '' will be very happy with the image quality . the projector support vertical and horizontal lens shift -lrb- critical for properly align the picture to the screen -rrb- , however it be a manual stick on the front of the project . zoom and focus be also manual by move two large ring around the lens . the build quality of the case be middle of the road , which be fine for fixed installation , but I would not recommend travel with it . give the price point of thousand less than compete projector those be fair compromise .
459	Projector	POS	5	this product be perfect for someone that travel a lot to meeting and seminar . it be light weight , compact and provide for projection of multiple component .
885	Projector	NEG	1	this projector be good until the pixel start go out a few month after watch . it be not worth purchasing . the projector look good , but the pixel will die out fast .
559	Projector	POS	4	great product , it be just what I expect . will be able to show my presentation to a wider audience professionally ... Love it !!!
706	Projector	NEG	1	this be a joke , can not believe the review , you have to be in total darkness to see ! the picture be fuzzy if it be over 3 foot wide , bad bad , bad
886	Projector	POS	5	this be a very good product if you look for a white screen love it . I have hear gray screen be better but if you look for white this be great for the price
804	Projector	POS	5	we have 4 of these deploy in a bar environment switch on 12 + hour a day to show sport and other tv channel and we could not be happier . they be exceptionally easy to install with a simple menu that make it easy to invert the picture , adjust the keystone setting , and basically set up the projector so that the only button that need to be press be on\/off . fortunately , there be a remote so there be no need to touch anything on the unit itself . in we case , the bulb last 6-8 month each and be also easy to change . I test one at home where we be lucky enough to have a very , very large white wall and watch Avatar . Short of cook up some popcorn , it be like sit in a movie theater . it be true that the project image lack the definition of a average high-def flat-screen , but the image size be significantly larger than anything you could reasonably buy as a tv . for watch movie and sport , what this unit be capable of produce be truly remarkable . while I be sure there be many better projector in term of picture quality , none come close at this price point . I would highly recommend for anywhere you need a big screen .
779	Projector	POS	5	screen be a simple install . move up and down with ease . this screen be perfect for a large room . not all that heavy , but you will need a strong ceiling . Picture be clear and the screen size -lrb- white area -rrb- be great for at home movie .
975	Projector	NEG	1	up \/ down mechanism break after 90 day . favus will not return my call even though it fall under warranty . incredibly disappoint in the company and the product . the lack of ANY customer service be appalling . they do not even bother with a automated service . when you call the help number , it ring and go to VOICEMAIL ... as if it be a personal cell phone ... be there a `` no star '' button ???
20	Projector	NEG	2	I just purchase this model from a reputable distributor and it arrive this evening . Hooray ! I set it up in the same ceiling location that we old dlp projector be located . after read the manual and tweaking the setting , I sit down to watch a movie . I must say the picture be a great improvement over we old projector . however , 20 minute into the movie , the screen turn into green and black vertical stripe and slowly fade to red . the unit be unresponsive . I could not even turn it off . I try call the distributor technical assistance line but to no avail . then I try to call Panasonic . they automate answering system would have be comical if I be not so tick off . it tell you to speak naturally and then connect you to the commercial sale division or anywhere but technical assistance . ultimately , I have to turn the main power switch off at the rear of the projector . I know that that action be a `` no-no '' since the fan should keep run to cool the bulb , but I do not want to leave it on until somebody from some technical service department call I back at some future date . I would like to be tell you how great this projector be , but there it sit , on my ceiling , like a dead , dark , lifeless , $ slightly below msrp yet still expensive $ box . I try to turn it on again , but it just flash some red on the screen and turn off , like some piss off -lrb- albeit , die -rrb- HAL 9000 . I will be send this unit back tomorrow and will not be ask for a replacement . I will probably try a Sony or BenQ for the next one . Panasonic have they chance and they blow it , errr ... blow up . if you want to try this projector , just make sure you can return it or have it repair locally . the picture do look really nice for about 20 minute .
613	Projector	POS	5	first , let 's set expectation . I do not care if this would replicate a purpose build home theater unit . I buy the optoma because it be small , would sit on a end table beside my couch and have good enough resolution to play game when I point it at my wall . I know it would not display hd , it be less than $ 400 , and it come with a headphone jack so I would not disturb the wife -lrb- too much -rrb- while she be watch tv . I be worry that it would be a little dim , cheaply construct , and difficult to adjust . turn out , it be well constucted , plenty bright -lrb- especially on a\/c power -rrb- , and focus the unit be straightforward . what I do not expect be that it would be bright enough in daylight to watch espn3 through the xbox , play game with no issue , and that it would work with my gorilla camera tripod . when the sun set and the room darken , it work exactly like I hope it would when I buy it . when the sun 's up , I can still use it without issue . if you want a high def experience , buy something else . if you want a hand size projector to play image against a available -lrb- white -rrb- surface in anything but the brightest lighting , this thing work . add a hdmus cable and a Apple HDMI adapter , and you have get a portable projector for Angry bird at 60 '' . who would have think ?
747	Projector	POS	5	my title say it all . this projector be the only one you 'll need if you be anything like I and do not need a hdmus input to increase the quality ever so slightly . this projector be practical and affordable . the image quality be superb . I highly recommend this product to anyone shopping around for the best value on a projector .
299	Projector	NEG	2	I wish I have see the `` costly mistake '' review before I buy my 8100 in Feb. . I , too see the concern about `` beta '' unit , and discount they . well , I be initially a very satisfied buyer . this be the second projector I have own , the first be a Panasonic 720P pt ax200u . the 8100 be a big improvement over that one in picture quality , perceive brightness , etc. , as it should be , be several year newer technology and 1080p resolution . for 600 hour and 5 month , I be happy . then all of a sudden , the bulb severely dim . I spend the next 5 minute check various setting , hope to make this go away so we can finish watch the movie we be streaming from Amazon , then POP -lrb- loud -rrb- go my bulb , like the old-school flashbulb of yore , scare the \* ^ -lrb- \* ^ out of I and my wife . the next day , I check my warranty information , and discover that the advertised 4000 hour bulb be only warranteed for 90 day . my bad , should have read the fine print . I go online and find out that I be not alone , other have be experience this same kind of premature failure , and there be hint that Epson be `` extend '' the 90 day in the interest of customer service . so , I try the Epson `` direct customer line '' card provide with my projector , only to find the pin the supply on the card be not valid . ok , I spend my dime and call the support toll number . I describe my problem to the 1st level support specialist , and he instantly transfer I to a `` projector bulb specialist '' who take my info . and with no argument agree to send I a replacement bulb , after walk I through the extraction procedure -lrb- little bit of glass rain down on I in the process , as it be ceiling mount -rrb- . ok , I say , I be a satisfied customer , but kind of worried about the next bulb 's life . three day later , the bulb arrive , it be the WRONG one . I call support , same drill , this time they keep I on the hold for a long time , then transfer I to a `` customer relation '' specialist . she proceed to tell I that Epson policy be that they can not send I the correct replacement until they receive the wrong one back , and that I can not return it until they send I a return label . I say , wait a minute , this be you fault , not mine , I be not happy about this , my projector will be down a week , be not there someone who can authorize a expedited replacement , you can take my credit card # for security ? no , she say , due to the value of the bulb , it be company policy , and that be that . five day later , I finally get the return label , which be send regular US Mail , and it be for regular ground shipment , not even expedite . take 3 more day for they to get it , and then they do Fedex Next Day the replacement , but after the cutoff , so I finally get the replacement more than two week after the failure . it work so far , but who know how long it will last , or if they 'll replace another one after more time . have to be without live room entertainment for 2 week , and deal with service that do not care about customer satisfaction or even get the part #s right be not that entertaining , either . probably the last Epson product I 'll ever buy . my 3 1\/2 year old Panasonic projector be still go strong , install elsewhere , on it be first bulb , after 3000 hour , ironically .
306	Projector	NEG	1	ysp-4100 with yst-fsw150 you have probably hear or read that a sound bar can not produce the effect of a true 5 channel surround system . that may be the understatement of the century ! despite the excellent rating of the professional reviewer , the ysp-4100 do not come close ! background : the purpose of these unit be to replace a 5.2 system to reduce clutter and eliminate a `` rat 's nest '' of cable and wire . I know that the change would not produce the same result as the old system but I do not expect how far off the result would be . very disappoint ! pro : clear , crisp sound with very good voice reproduction . con : surround sound effect insubstantial . I want to make clear that the sound quality of this sound bar be top notch ! it be the lack of surround effect that be most disappointing . setup : after the physical installation , I run the initial AUTO setup . the result sound be less than DULL , no SURROUND , all sound come from center of sound bar . over several day , I make numerous Manual Adjustments . the sound improve but nowhere near what $ 1,900 + of speaker should produce . I then make slight adjustment to microphone position , furniture , and close a door . ran AUTO SETUP again and get the same DULL , no surround result . also find that AUTO SETUP wipe out manual setting . I reestablish manual setting . the source of the audio be a large factor . in general dvd and Cable movie sound the best . once in a while I run across a movie with superior sound and the sound bar reproduce this almost to my expectation . even though the sound spread beyond the sound bar itself , it remain in the front half of the room . you can get these same result from most $ 300 sound bar . I consider try to live with these speaker for a few month think that perhaps I would get use to the difference . but why should one spend nearly $ 2000 just to accept inferior result ? both unit have be return !
86	Projector	NEG	1	be differnt then what the picture be and the discription get no responson from the seller still
344	Projector	NEG	2	I purchase the 106 inch version of this projector . it be very long , obviously . take a little bit of effort get the box into my apartment from the hallway . -lrb- without bump into wall , overhead light , etc -rrb- the packaging be decent , but it could have be better . the metal frame be dent right in the middle which be annoying , but I do not care . the metal tripod be easy to unfold and set up and the metal feel cheap . once I attach the screen to the tripod , I be able to easily raise it to my desire height . the first thing I notice be that the screen be not completely parallel with the floor . it be at about a 20 degree angle . I have to put a book under one of the tripod leg to compensate to get it to be straight . also the top of the screen be more forward than the bottom . I also notice some dusty hand print all over the back of the screen . this be annoying , but again not a dealbreaker . I be not ask for much ... I just want a functional white screen that be portable . -lrb- since I do not have space in my condo for a permanent screen -rrb- the actual screen quality be good . watch my 3d 1080p blu-ray on it look amazing . -lrb- this may have more to do with my Optoma projector than the actual screen quality -rrb- cosmetically , the only change I would have want be to have the frame and the tripod to be paint black instead of white . after I watch a movie for 45 minute , I try to take down the projector and put it away . that be when thing get bad . the screen retract about 70 % of the way down and then get stick . several tug up and down do not fix this . since it be 1am and I be worry all of this pull would wake up my kid , I pull the projector back up and leave it on the tripod . I try to take it down the next morning and stillgot stick about 70 % the way in . I finally tug really hard -lrb- almost to the point of where I think it would tear -rrb- and whatever it be stick on have set it free . I finally be able to close it . that be a lot of effort for use this projector for the very first time . not off to a good start . the 2nd time I use it -lrb- later that day -rrb- , set-up again be fine , but when I try close it again , it get pinch on something and would not move down . this time it be worse because I could no longer pull it up either . it be just stick completely . I email the favus tech support to see if they have a solution to fix this . they do not help I at all . they just say that they could not find my purchase record on they database . I tell they that I purchase it via Amazon and they say they still could not find my record . it also take they 2-3 day to reply to email . I decide to return it directly to Amazon . I wish FAVI 's customer service be as good as amazon . I be able to return it the next day and get a full refund . -lrb- UPS pick up the box from my porch -rrb- thank AMAZON ! I just want a simple manual projector that I could set up and take down as I please . I be able to overlook the dented frame , the cheap metal , the dirty hand print , and the uneven screen . but , the most important component in a manual screen be probably the retract mechanism . once that fail , the entire product be useless . not everyone who purchase this have have problem so it be definitely a quality control issue . it be a shame that I have to return it because when it be set-up , it look great .
241	Projector	POS	5	we take movie watch seriously at we house , and when I purchase this projector , it be a big hit . we be watch it on a white sheet and the picture be still really good . no complaint and all be good .
493	Projector	POS	5	I buy this projector while I be station in Baghdad in the spring of 2006 to play my ps2 game . I purchase it refurbish at 100 hour and 3300 hour later , it be still work like a charm . sometimes I forget to clean the dust from the filter but that do not affect the play any . I mainly use it as a second monitor for my laptop through hdmus and at the time of my purchase , it be ahead of it be technology for price ratio . it be one of the best investment I have make and go great with a bottom scissor Da-Lite projector screen . 3 thumb up !
980	Projector	POS	4	this be a pretty good value for the price . I wish it have focus on the remote -lrb- it be manual on the lamp -rrb- and I really wish the picture would scroll down smaller -lrb- it be too big for my screen from across the room -rrb- but it work properly , have good color , clear picture , and be easy to set up . vent get quite warm , pay attention to the warning label . good compact product . fast shipping from Amazon .
437	Projector	NEG	1	I recently buy this projector to replace a 5 year old projector that be start to go out . I travel and give recruit presentation on a weekly basis , and need something small , light and easy to travel with . this projector be definitely small and light , but it be make out of cheap plastic part that I could see break with frequent travel . I decide to hook it up and check it out , and be sadly disappoint . I think the LED bulb be go to be great , but it be so dim that you need to be in a fully dark room to see , and the image quality be horrible . one part of the screen be in focus , and the other part be not . when you try to adjust this , one part get in focus and a new area go out of focus . there be also no keystone feature , so unless you plan on put the projector perfectly center on you screen , you will always be skewed and unfocused . Got this product day one and send back already . buyer beware , you get what you pay for . I be convince from the first two review that it would be ok , but apparently they have never see another projector , because this one be terrible . I do not even check the speaker , because the image quality be so unusable I have to send back immediately . spend some more money and get a quality projector .
611	Projector	NEG	1	this projector be not worth you time , put you 80 $ towards a better machine . the bulb blow after six to eight movie worth of use , the fan be quite loud , and the color be off . the resolution be so low that video game text be unreadable and detail be blurry . we have try various image size and distance from the wall , it simply have too low of a resolution to display text or detail appropriately . there be no keystone setting , so the projector must be place in a straight line , directly across from the wall , and the plug be very short , so projector placement be a issue . I would not put this in a child 's room either , as the bulb blow if the unit be knock , and the unit produce a lot of heat . you would be better off spend a few dollar more and get a projector that will not require constant bulb replacement and provide a sharper picture .
562	Projector	NEG	1	this quit work after just a few minute . we contact the company which manufacture it , and never get a answer . it go back the next day .
595	Projector	POS	4	I be not a techie , but I do like technology , especially if it do what it be make to do well and do not cost a arm and a leg . I think I would be very pleased with this projector if I do not already have the ViewSonic PJD5123 projector , which be cheaper and in my opinion do a better job project video . this be what I mean . before I receive the Epson product to review , I have buy the ViewSonic , because I would use that model at work and I really like it . so , when I get the Epson , I immediately set they up side by side to compare they . basically , the projection quality be very similar , and they share similar function and option . however , there be a noticeable difference in the color quality . while the Viewsonic be consistently bright and have bold color contrast , in comparison the Epson 's projection look light and wash out , with the black too prominent . if I do not have the Viewsonic to compare side by side , I think I would not have mind that . and I do play around with the different color function on both machine . Viewsonic look better to I each time . though this color issue be really the only problem -lrb- that really be not a big problem -rrb- that stand out , I would still recommend this projector . keep in mind that it be only noticable because I be compare they next to each other . I also like the slide cover and the slim look .
766	Projector	POS	5	I be worry about how the picture would look when you blow it up to 110 '' as I do since it be only 720p . but I be pleasantly surprise at how sharp the picture be . it may not look as good as it do on a 22 '' monitor or something but it be more than good enough for I . the picture be plenty bright even with the light on but of course look better with the light off . we generally leave the light on when watch tv but turn they off for movie . we be use a real projector screen and not the wall or a sheet like some . I recommend get a wall mountable one from here . we order a `` Elite Screens '' brand and be really happy with it . with the free shipping it get to we house in under a week and sooner than we expect . no complaint yet . just make sure you understand there be no horizontal keystone . mean you have to mount it with the lens directly in the center of the screen horizontally . the vertical keystone work great . also it sound like a lot of people use the projector speaker as they main source of sound for some reason . this may be ok for school or basic presentation but you go to want to have a stereo to watch tv\/movies or play game . the speaker on the projector be not really mean to be use for entertainment purpose , nor should it be expect to .
254	Projector	NEG	1	out of the box , the instruction be nearly incomprehensible . after I get it mount it be fine . it do everything I need it to do . I raised\/lowered it probably 2x a week for less than 3 month and the motor go out . the screen just plop all the way down and would not raise . as mention in other review , it cost more to ship the product back to FAVI for repair than I pay for the screen itself . I end up open up the case to try to fix it -lrb- stupid on my part -rrb- and make it 100x worse . I hope the motor would last longer than 3 month , so I will not be buy anything FAVI brand again . I reach out to customer service , so depend on what they say I may change my mind .
14	Projector	POS	5	I purchase this projector last year and have be nothing but happy with it . I have not use it be hdtv capability -lrb- since I have no source -rrb- , but I use it to display movie from a computer regularly . with more input mode than you probably need , this projector will handle almost any display need . I have use it for VGA and DVI input , as well as s-video for my ps2 . as a computer monitor it perform spectacular up to resolution of 1024x768 . it be capable of down sampling 1280x1024 input , but it leave 12 point text nearly unreadable during the down sample . I have be use it successfully at 1024x768 to play game and movie and it perform spectacularly . when display analog tv input from my ps2 it do very well . final Fantasy 10 show only minor blur from be display in a large monitor , and overall I be very happy with it be analog tv capability . as a monitor for a media center pc be amazing . after adjust the setting the display be better than my parent rear projection screen . after all that be say , there be a few problem : 1 . the down sampling from 1280x1024 leave a lot lack . I try to use this resolution to play world of Warcraft and the text distortion eventually cause a headache . try to program with 12 or 14 point text in this resolution cause similar problem . however , if I be simply view a movie I doubt I would have notice the down sampling artifact . if you plan on play computer game or do thing like program on this projector , be aware you will need to be in 1024x768 -lrb- not nearly as much of a problem as you would think , as you be on a 5 foot display ... but still a slight letdown -rrb- . 2 . there be only one `` user mode '' for display setting , but it have very different need for different input . for instance , ps2 have a radically darker output than a VGA computer connection , and leave the brightness up when switch to a computer cause a wash out effect . the build in option `` movie '' `` game '' -lrb- and one other I can not recall -rrb- be acceptable , but hand tweaking the display setting for a particular input invariably lead to a cleaner brighter picture with more distinguishable color . I would have like to have at least 5 user setting for display . 3 . if you be not use the right display setting for you input the output may be horrible . effect range from dark color in a ps2 blend into black , to wash out on a computer connection . further , change the contrast and brightness sometimes have radical effect on how many color be visible . 4 . the projector do not have auto light sense as have be find on tv 's since I be bear . when you turn on the overhead light , you usually need to adjust the display to be brighter . this be something that a trivial bit of circuitry can , and should , handle . with those problem state , I would like to repeat , of the projector on the market I believe this be the best home theater \/ personal use choice . most people will not change input constantly , and set you user setting to handle you movie input should be enough for most . as a computer display at 1024x768 it allow for team editing of document , and would easily handle powerpoint if I use it . in the average situation , the room lighting be dark while use a projector , and auto light sense will not be a issue . if you be go to buy one projector this year , bar any amazing new competition it should be this projector . it be low cost , very bright , handle almost any input you could want , and very good at display movie and computer screen .
577	Projector	NEG	1	this do not work with my ipad1 . no video whatsoever appear on a external monitor . never buy asian crap again .
713	Projector	NEG	1	install the bulb and when I turn on the video I be disappointed beam illuminate very little , I do not recommend this bulb , never ever buy .
765	Projector	NEG	2	the size and wieght of the unit be excellent . it have all the standard hook-up . the real weakness be the power of the lamp . the image from the projector can not be see in a light room . I think that I could use this for school ; however , the need for dark in order to see the image mean that my student can not see to write note . if you plan to use this product in a semi-lit room I do not think you will be able to clearly see the image project . if you plan to use this projector in a dimly light room , it may work for you .
32	Projector	NEG	2	I receive my screen the 120 hd . it arrive with minor damage to the box . when I open it , I quickly notice a dent on the back side of the screen . I be not to concern with this , know that this side would not be see . after hang the screen , and pull it down , it look really nice . as other have mention , there be a few wave in the screen , but it look great . Mine have a small problem though , once you pull it down and lock the screen , it retract back up on its own , its hard to notice right away since this motion be very slow . in about 45 min the screen be back in its original position . I do not want to deal with the hassle of send it back , so I decide to tie it down with a hook screw attach to we console stand . you can not tell its rig , but I plan to get a better one in the future , this will do for now consider the price . it blow to have get a damage one . I contact Favi via they website and receive a email back . the rep there already know what my problem be , but ignore my request for technical help . if you need a cheap screen , go for it , take the chance of get a good one , but be prepare to deal with the issue of a lemon .
374	Projector	NEG	2	just be not bright enough to keep . have it in a dark room at night but movie be still too dark . bummed cause it be perfect size , functionality and simplicity for a home portable unit .
786	Projector	NEG	1	do not fit the Epson PowerLite Home Cinema 3010 , despite Amazon recommendation to purchase this with the Epson PowerLite Home Cinema 3010 . a complete waste of money . undermine the trustworthiness of the Amazon recomendation
500	Projector	NEG	2	I have purchase , this projector to replace my 6 year old NEC projector . I like that it have a hdmus input , 2500 luman , and think it would have a clean sharp picture . but I fail to notice that it be only 800 x 600 resolution . with my picture about 6 foot wide . the picture look blocky -lrb- if that be a word -rrb- . I could actually count the pixel on the screen . I have return this Vivitek projector and purchase another NEC NP216 projector with a 1024 x 768 resolution . the 1024 x 768 resolution make a huge difference in clarity . I will never purchase anything less than 1024 x 768 . I be sure a Vivatek projector with 1024 x 768 or higher would have a better picture .
229	Projector	POS	4	I use this screen for my Sunday School Power Point presentation each Sunday . this screen be so easy to install and my wife help I hang it . I purchase the manual pull down screen due to we ceiling be low enough that I can reach the pull string , it work like a pull window shade . the screen have great resolution .
798	Projector	POS	4	great price fast shipping pack very well . Unfortunalty unable to speak about product as it be not the lamp that be out the unit be break and have it send out for service
22	Projector	NEG	1	my pt-ax100u 's iris break after 10 month of use . 8 month after the iris be replace , the new iris break again . since so many people report this problem , Panasonic must recall this projector .
212	Projector	POS	5	this projector be great I pay 35 dollar and it be not hd but I like it . I buy it to watch movie and play game and it be worth 35 dollar
883	Projector	NEG	1	I have do the research about the projector and come up with conclusion to purchase the Viewsonic pjd5122 . the power do not work properly . the light of power button be turn on but the fan do not work and there be no light out of the lense . the speaker also do not work also . the projector keep search for the signal `` signal loss '' all the time . I be so frustrated and call the technical support I be lucky to talk to a tech guy who be physically in India . I still have the problem to communicate with the guy . anyway , I be lucky to return this item back to Circuit city .
958	Projector	NEG	1	this projector work fine for two month and seem like a great buy . then it stop work . it will work from ten to thirty minute and then the screen go black . since it last more than 30 day , I can not return it for a refund . the seller do not respond to email . theoretically it have a one-year warranty , but what good be that ? the manufacturer be in China ! the seller be in Texas but do not respond . another thing : once you buy this thing , where be you go to get replacement bulb for the projector ? you do not see they on sale at Amazon , do you ? consider buy a use projector , that originally have a much higher price , on eBay . that be what I 'll do now . but watch out for the high price of replacement bulb in that situation , too .
760	Projector	POS	5	we need a projector pronto on one of my project . I volunteer to order one , and really find a good deal at Electronics Expo . good price , fast shipping , and very good quality product for a reasonable price . will use this seller again .
416	Projector	NEG	2	buy this item for my husband as a Christmas gift . I read so many review about PICO projector and focus on this one because it seem to be the best out there . then I read dozen of review on the pk 301 . I have mix feeling and I be not sure it this be a good purchase . my husband open it Christmas morning and go to we bedroom to test it out . we bedroom have burgundy wall and the shades be down , so there be very little light or brightness in the room . when I come into the room to check it out , he already have it pack up in the box and say `` send it back '' . Picture quality be poor , even in we dark bedroom . what be worse , be that when I tell he what it cost , he jaw hit the floor ! I do not necessarily think that this specific model or brand be no good , but I think that as a whole , pico projector be just not there , technologically speak . it be like the Christmas gift you could not wait for as a kid because it look so cool on the commercial and the idea be great in theory , but once you use it , you be incredibly disappointed because it do not live up to the claim . this be one toy -lrb- yes , that be really all it be , because it be just not functional -rrb- that I recommend you skip , especially for the $ $ $ .
470	Projector	NEG	1	this product simply do not work in transmit video from a ipad to a projector . I return it for credit .
571	Projector	POS	5	this be my second pj and I love it . it be smaller and brighter than the hc1500 I have . I want a 3d set up so I buy this along with the 3dxl and it have be a amazing experience . watch bluray be kick ass !! and play PS3 in 3D be too much !!! best purchase I have make in a looooooong time . - Abel Z.
307	Projector	POS	5	I need a quality product to make professional presentation . I be not work so I need something that I could purchase that would not break I but that would show my potential client that I mean business . this product be it . I research for month and read a little over 50 review and go with this projector . it exceed my expectation . I even use it for a 3 day weekend seminar for over 500 people . she run great and have a clear picture in a light hotel conference room . I be utterly satisfied thus far . I have be use it for 6 month now .
667	Projector	POS	4	first , let I say , I would have give this projector 4.5 star if the rating be available . basically , it be a really good projector . it have everything you need , and the picture quality and brightness be really good . however , this unit be really big and not just a little ugly . I mean , I suppose the picture quality be the primary objective , but could not they have make it just a little prettier ? it do not actually look that much worse than other unit in shape , etc. . but it be huge , which make the utilitarian appearance stand out . also , it be white . which mean that if you want to use it as part of a home theater setup like I , it be more visible in a dark room . ugly and more visible make a bad combination . I be really happy with my projector . I be sure I 'll get a lot of use and satisfaction from it . but the first thing that go through my mind everytime I look at it be : `` wow ! that be a big , ugly projector ! ''
650	Projector	POS	4	I hide this screen in my crown molding and it work great . it keep the wall clean for artwork . Easy to install and remote work well too . overall exceptional product for the price . the only issue I have be the screen be make for 9 ' ceiling and I have a 12 ' ceiling . I be still try to figure out how to lower the screen 3 more foot . I might even have to find another screen that roll down longer . I welcome any suggestion . I be not afraid to void the warranty on this product . overall you can not beat the price for what you get .
268	Projector	POS	4	have mine for about a month . very small and light . fit in a small bag with my ipad . Picture quality be great , especially when project onto a white -lrb- non-glossy -rrb- surface . I usually project the image on my ceiling so I can watch movie from bed . I hook up my small hamburger speaker to the speaker out port , and use the usb port on the projector to charge the speaker at the same time . although I have see review which claim that the unit support component or ypbpr video , I have never be able to get it to work with a VGA to component dongle . this lead I to believe that the unit only output RGB via the VGA dongle . I hope a future firmware update resolve this . in the meantime , you can get a cheap component to VGA box , which work , but the image be not as sharp . its a shame that the unit do not come with a hdmus port . to remedy this , I buy a hdfuryius dongle to convert HDMI signal to VGA -lrb- RGB & YPbPr -rrb- . I have be able to connect my PS3 and dvd player to the sp-h03 and the picture quality be so much better than use a VGA box . the hdfuryius also come with a GammaX adapter , which provide manual gamma control , and help bring out detail in dark area . a tip to those who plan to use a hdfury or hdfuryius with this projector -- you can use the usb port on the projector to supply the 5v 500ma require by the hdfuryius dongle . once the hdfuryius be power on this way , you can connect the GammaX dongle without need to power it . the media player software on the sp-h03 be a mixed bag . on one hand it support a lot of video and document format . however , there seem to be a 2gb file size limit lastly , this baby badly need a remote control .
16	Projector	POS	4	this be a small but powerful hand-size projector . I use it for my english class in the ecuadorian campo . the focus be very precise but easily disturbed . I would like to have it set up so that the image can be either vertical or horizontal . the power cord be the same as on my HP laptop -lrb- except the device end -rrb- and be heavy enough to drag the projector off the table and on to the floor . lead bulb replacement ? UNKNOWN . despite my apparent negative comment , I really like this little gem and would recommend it to anyone who can accept its limitation . oh , and the price-is-right .
989	Projector	POS	5	install be a snap ! we have a previous projector mount that be not universal , and need to replace it due to the projector die . stick this universal one in its place , and it work . come with many part for 4 different type of protector fitting either 3 or 4 screw . the color match we ceiling , so it just blend seamlessly .
429	Projector	NEG	1	the product work and be easy to mount but company send I use item when I purchase new one . there be scratch all over the mount . one star give because of ethical concern not because of product functionality .
445	Projector	NEG	1	my husband buy this projector for we daughter from CVS for $ 100.00 + tax and be so not worth it ! we have only have it for a day and it already shut off on we . it be not even over heating or hot at all ! this thing be crap ! not a good buy at all . now my girl be bummed because they cant enjoy they movie night like they plan to . highly disappointed !
699	Projector	NEG	2	I purchase this mount for my epson 8350 despite conflict review if it would fit . I find a YouTube video describe how to add in extra hardware to make it work for my model . while the mount do in fact support the projector it be not strong enough to hold the projector level . I find that every couple day the projector image would drift a few inch down toward the left . after continually straighten the projector and re-tightening I notice that the cheap quality metal be actually bend the projector mount . for a smaller projector this mount just might do the trick but for the Epson 8350 or any projector of similar size I would invest in a higher quality mount . I switch mine out for a chief mount and be amaze in the difference in quality and design . while I do recommend chief as a alternative I would not have be willing to pay up for the chief brand have I not spend 10 hour mount and re - adjust my projector with this mount .
334	Projector	POS	4	we purchase this projector for use in the worship center of we small church building . the picture be very sharp , and we plan to upgrade we screen to a wide-screen size soon , and that will take advantage of the projector 's full capability . it be easy to use , easy to get set up . the color seem not to be as vibrant as the projector we just replace , however . the blues especially seem to be wash out . we may be able to adjust for that , but have not be able to figure it out yet .
586	Projector	NEG	2	so the question to the answer be elite hand down . I be happy to say that i love this screen . i have the 125 spectrum electric and it be awesome . love the the black casing . look very home theater like , and look fantastic in my theater room . favus white just do not do it for I . White case be distracting and stick out like a sore thumb . after try two FAVI screen and receve they defective , i give up and go with the elite . right out the box it be perfect . operate as advertise . leave the screen down for a week and as the manual state , if have line across . be not really any of that anyway . I know have 125 '' of glory . Avatar actually look better on the elite than the FAVI , even though the FAVI have a 1.3 gain and the elite have a 1.1 gain . 1.1 gain . the electric lowering of the screen compare to the favus be whisper quiet . favus be noisy and when retract near the end give a loud shreak go into case as be it be too tight and have no more space . elite have a 12 volt trigger , favus do not . in order to receive the rf remote , you have to purchase one which be not a big deal to I since I will hookup the 12 volt trigger and will lower when projector be power up . elite be a clear winner and the price point be perfect and well worth the money . favus and elite price be about the same . now do not get I wrong , thr favus do a pretty good job , but the defect just ruin it for I . elite just seem better build of of a higher quality . I hope this help those who be on the fence . buy it and you wont regret it .
826	Projector	POS	5	I be lucky enough to grab one of these ysp-1100 unit while Amazon have they for $ 432 and be so glad I do ! my Marantz receiver be start to give I trouble and I be dissatisfy with the sound of my Boston acoustic surround speaker . I take a chance on what seem impossible -- a surround system without all the wire and point sound source . after live with this system for about two week , try it with dv 's , hdtv , CD 's and internet music service -lrb- Pandora and Slacker through a squeezebox -rrb- , I be definitely impressed . the automatic setup be pretty amazing and fairly easy to tweak use the manual setup menu . connect all the input and output be a bit frustrating , but once I figure it out only take a few hour . the remote code work for my Sony dvd player and 10-year-old Mitsubishi tv , but I can not get the Motorola cable box code work , so I have to use the cable remote for some thing and the Yamaha remote for most control . the sound be glorious , and frankly I can not figure out how this technology work so well ! my room be not ideal , with a eight-foot wide opening at the back of the room . in spite of this , on many sound source I definitely hear sound come from the side and back of the room . the soundstage for regular stereo CD 's and most tv broadcast span the entire 14 foot wall behind the tv . concert dvd 's and football game envelope the room in crowd noise , while concentrate the music\/commentary in the center front where they belong . I frequently hear sound that appear to come from all over my house . even my dog wake up bark many time look for the sound ! beyond the surround effect , which be miraculous , the sound be crisp and life-like . some other reviewer have comment that the sound be a bit bright and I adjust the treble gain down a bit which work for I . acoustic music sound like it be right in the room and all music do not have the artificial separation that stereo speaker create -- most music naturally be in the middle of the soundstage and this unit reproduce music much more naturally than separated stereo speaker in my opinion . overall this be a terrific system and I think it be well worth the current price of $ 700-800 , particularly consider you would have to spend at least $ 400 for a decent receiver and more for decent speaker . I should add that I be use my old Boston Acoustic 100W subwoofer and it sound better than it ever do before . I think the crossover adjustment be calibrate better and there be no discernable `` gap '' in frequency response . a sub be definitely require . could someone build a system this good with a good amplifier , wireless rear speaker , etc ? absolutely ... for about $ 2,000 . be a few bell and whistle miss from this to make it perfect for purist ? yes . but the benefit be overwhelming and I would not trade this system in for anything right now .
158	Projector	NEG	1	I buy this projector because I want a complete projector and dvd player that would fit in my living room . Epson boast of get a wide screen project from as little as 6 foot away from the wall , so I think this would be perfect . they even show picture of it be use on a coffee table to project on the wall . well , when I get it up and run , I discover that to get the picture at a appropriate height , the projector itself have to be almost five foot in the air ! plus , with the dvd player eject to the rear of the machine , you can not mount it against the wall . so , to use it in you living room -lrb- or anywhere -rrb- , be prepare to have it sit at a height of 4 to 6 foot high ! there be dial that allow for picture adjustment , but even with these fully utilize I need to prop the projector up on some book -lrb- the leg be not adjustable -rrb- , and still at a height of four foot , much higher than a coffee table , and so high that when sit down , the projector itself interfere with you ability to see the project image ! now , the picture and sound itself be fine . but the design and execution make this product unusable for I and for many people in similar situation . try it out before you buy !!!
379	Projector	POS	4	buy on a Friday , select next day delivery and receive it on Saturday before noon ! hook it up to my dvd player through hdmus that evening and watch a movie on my bedroom wall with my kid . we love it except for the audio\/volume control . it do not get loud enough . Easy fix ... I hook it up to we digital home theater system -lrb- power speaker system -rrb- and voilum , it be just like be at the movie theater ! I then use it for my daughter 's birthday party a day later . we project the image onto the back of the garage and the kid watch it from we sofa on we deck . it work beautifully . I be very , very happy with this purchase . would have give it a five star review if the volume would have be sufficient .
273	Projector	POS	4	I buy this projector last month and i be impressed with the brightness in ECO mode . I use it only to watch movie and sport . I shoot a 120 inch image on my living room white wall , it be awesome . it be worth every penny . can not beat it for the price .
896	Projector	NEG	1	this be my first projector and I do alot of research before buy it . it meet a most of the requirement in term of picture quality and brightness etc. . everything be ok for three month ... then the pixel start die , -lrb- which mean there be dark and light spot all over the screen -rrb- within one week we have close to 30 dead pixel spread across the screen . the Amazon 30 day warranty have expire so we contact Vivitek and that be where the real disappointment come . they never answer they telephone !!!!! they do not return message !!!! they do not answer e mail !!!! there be no way to get a human be at this company ... and I really try . they customer service be the worst I have ever encounter and will never buy anything marked vivitek again . I contact Amazon about this and they be give I a refund so I be buy a Epson this time . Adios Vivitek !
889	Projector	NEG	1	I buy this projector to upgrade my home theater from 2d to 3d . the projector function quite well in 2d and have a lot of 3d bell and whistle -lrb- I be assume for gaming -rrb- , but can not play 3d Bluray dvd 's because it do NOT have a hdmus input . while I realize this may be a small problem for most people ; it be something that should be disclose in the product description from the manufacturer .
856	Projector	POS	4	I open the box and hook it up to my macbook pro . it be a very good , clear picture and will work fantastic for presentation . no brain need to get it work
287	Projector	NEG	1	I return this projector , mostly because the picture be pretty bad with standard def . source . Nintendo Wii look pretty bad , and standard def . tv and dvd look considerably less sharp than on my standard def . projector . other problem : it ship with horrible look color , the preset from the manuf . be terrible look . after tweaking , you can get a ok look picture but at that point the brightness be greatly reduce so I do not consider this to be a particularly bright projector . black level be not great either . I never try it with high def . source because the standard def . performance be a deal breaker for I . I replace it with a much cheaper projector , the NEC np115 and I be much happier with that one . Standard def . look great , and the review say that high def . look even better -lrb- I have not try a high def . source yet though -rrb- . the NEC 's preset look great , the high brightness setting retain decent color so they be useful , and black level and shadow detail appear to be at least as good as on the hd66 . if you view a fair amount of standard def . content , I do not recommend the hd66 .
631	Projector	POS	5	this projector ia fantastic !! I make a giant screen use PVC pipe and a sheet and use projector to have a `` float in '' out by the pool . projector be bright , beautiful picture quality , convenient to use since the dvd player be part of the projector and easy to set up . the only down side be sound quality . the 10 watt speaker in the projector be just not loud enough to be hear around the yard . I attach speaker to system to get around this . but truly the picture quality and ease of setup make up for this tiny problem . this projector be well worth the money !!! I can not wait until superbowl roll around . I 'll have the biggest screen in town ! buy and enjoy summer night with friend and family .
516	Projector	POS	5	I be not too sure about this mount when I get it . the description be not very good and the instruction be so so but it adjust to almost any mount scenario that you need . come with lot of extra part in case you need they and extend quite a bit which be what I be look for since I mount it in a room with a cathedral ceiling .
286	Projector	NEG	1	I buy this alarm clock for my husband for Christmas . we absolutely love everything about it until it just die . the display just go completely bonkers and be now stick on what look like 1:80 . and , the ONLY thing I do for that to happen be hit the snooze button . really ?!!? now , nothing work to fix it either . we try everything from unplug it , to take the battery in and out , it do no good !! I should of listen to the bad review and\/or buy it locally in store . now , I be face with the pain in the butt decision to I ship it back at MY expense and hope they fix it and\/or replace it with a new one which be asinine ! maybe I 'll just take the hit and learn my lesson the hard way and never buy another Timex again . regardless , it be a darn shame as we love Timex -lrb- at least they old alarm clock -rrb- in the past . my daughter have my old one from 2006 and my husband have one that be still work since he purchase it back in the early 90 's . what a bunch of crook , take people 's hard earn money , by use cheap part that be make overseas that will not last and\/or be defective from the get go !!! and , do not get I start on the LAME 90 day warranty that be pure b !! come on , really ?!!? if I know it come with only a 90 day warranty I would of never purchase this product . it also seem like Timex be not the only manufacturer that have major issue with they projection\/automatic date\/time set alarm clock either . buyer beware !! DO NOT buy !
382	Projector	NEG	1	the first two people that praise this junk obviously work for the company that make it . a bic lighter throw more light that this weak projector . my unit 's HDMI port do not work -lrb- no sync -rrb- , the headphone jack do not work -lrb- even when the menu selection be set to line -rrb- , and the resolution suck -lrb- 640x480 - where as 800x600 should be consider a bottom barrel minimum -rrb- . the focus be not uniform from far leave to far right , and top to bottom . the construction look like a toy make in a third-world country . fortunately , I also order the LED Samsung 410 for less than $ 600 . my buddy have the p400 , and I be wow by it be picture quality . it do not have hmdus -lrb- the only real reason I buy this junk in the first place -rrb- , but now I could care less .
169	Projector	POS	5	I be interested in the Epson 8100 projector for my customer recommendation and , possibly , for myself . I be a isf -lrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- certify calibrator and I decide to do some research on the product . read through the review on other site and on Amazon , this projector be one of the best of it be class but ... I be take aback on the small but vociferous number of customer unhappy about the 4,000 hour rate lamp fail in as few as 400 hour . this make the product unusable for someone like I who have to recommend product and as a consumer ; the lamp be a expensive consumable at hundred of dollar to replace . worse , the customer complain that the 90 day warranty on this specific part do not match the two year overall warranty and after 90 day they be out of luck . now to sidebar , that kind of policy be just be cheap and , overall , \* stupid \* . one can not even use the projector bulb even close to that rate lifetime in 90 day ! 24 x 90 = 2160 ! how -lrb- place unflattering adjective here -rrb- be that ? back to the narrative ... I call up the pre-sale Epson customer support line today , 11-02-2010 . I be transfer to a gentleman that answer my question on this issue . ask about the report lamp problem , he relate to I that the policy be not correct and Epson warranty the product in its entirety for the FULL duration of the two year , lamp and all , and that it be even post at projectorcentral.com -lrb- I do due-diligence and look up the source and quote and be include below -rrb- I dig a bit deeper , and the rep related to I that the policy have change -lrb- although I do not ask for a specific date of they change of heart -rrb- and that some older machine would also have they warranty honor as well . he do mention to I the model , but I do not record they as I be only interested in a specific model . I ask he about the reason that Epson do not publish this information in other source besides projectorcentral like Amazon and the like . the reply be a fairly unsatisfactory answer that I will not go into here . but at least it be publish -lrb- below be the source and the info -rrb- . after ask a few tech question which he answer in a very forthcoming and friendly way , I close out the conversation . at least he be eager to assist and I be appreciative . take away : the product be cover for the whole warranty period . customer service , in this particular occasion , seem hammer by the question -lrb- s -rrb- on this but assure we that the product be indeed cover and also other model as well . ----- from projectorcentral.com -lrb- ... -rrb- . say Evan Powell , Editor `` I have speak to Epson about this situation . they have look into it and , like the dealer I talk to , they say they have not discover any aberrant issue . nevertheless , Epson want to ensure customer that it stand behind its product . therefore , Epson 's spokesperson have inform I that if you experience any problem with premature lamp failure on any Epson 1080p projector , you may return the lamp for a replacement lamp anytime during the life of the projector 's warranty . yes , you read that right -- premature lamp failure on any Epson 1080p projector will be cover for the entire duration of the projector 's warranty , not the lamp 's warranty . ''
795	Projector	NEG	2	I purchase a 3M portable projector last year . the cable that connect to my pc usb drive appear to have malfunction and the supplier do not have the replacement , which be strange . without that basically I can not use the projector
97	Projector	NEG	1	I think this would be a good mount , and maybe it would be , if it come assemble . this crap come ship to I in a bunch of piece . the instruction be hard to understand , and just look at the first diagram , it be actually miss a part in the instruction . when try to assemble it accord to the instruction , some of the bolt be too short . the mixed bag of bolt and washer be also very difficult to identify which be which . in the end , I try every single possible combination and come to the conclusion that the bolt they send be WRONG . I would like to have the last hour of my life back which i waste try to assemble this piece of crap . they make this in China for $ 1 . do not buy it , go to home depot and figure something out for cheaper .
321	Projector	POS	5	the Universal Ceiling Mount be easy to configure to we projector with lot of hardware to set it level . it be a very easy to install .
106	Projector	NEG	2	this unit be outstanding if you do not mind spend $ 300 every quarter on new bulb . I use pt-ae900 for less than 3 month -lrb- less than 400 hour -rrb- w \/ normal picture setting and fan speed ... and then the bulb burn out . Panasonic 's tech support line be joke . I spend one hour try to get a human be on the phone who could process my warranty . I speak with five people and only one mention 3 months\/500 hour warranty for the bulb . however , he be in commercial area not consumer and tell I to call yet another number . the bulb be suppose to last around 3,000 hour but in my case it last six time less . if you plan on use this projector as you primary video output , do not waste you money and spend a little more for a plasma . at $ 1,999 this unit be a bargain until its real cost catch up - a additional $ 1,200 per year .
899	Projector	POS	4	projector look and work great out of the box , get the universal mount that amazon offer as a `` bundle '' and it fit well . I have a 120 '' image at 14 ' throw distance and it be stunning at night or with blackout curtain over the one small window . it be visible but not nearly as impressive with light on . unfortunately , on day 2 we hear a loud POP and it stop work . take it down and there be break glass -lrb- and I have since learn , mercury gas -rrb- everywhere . apparently this happen to a few lamp out of each batch that be defective - they explode within the first few hour of use . Amazon immediately offer exchange of whole product or partial refund to buy a new lamp . I opt for the latter and just now order the replacement lamp . I have always be impress by amazon 's customer service , it be what keep I come back , but have to wait another week to use the new projector stink . I 'll update this on how thing turn out .
546	Projector	POS	5	vga be very expensive locally , amazon make it affordable . I would have pay $ 100 locally . work as it should . we be very happy , may need another on for next project soon .
909	Projector	NEG	2	the Qumi be a well conceive Projector but be premature and over price . after the projector warm up it be not possible to get a clean focus top to bottom or side to side , a standard -lrb- trr -rrb- av cable will not work for composite video as a proprietary cable be require and be not supply at the moment . also not supply be a component cable do not bother call tech support for technical information they will not give the pin out for the minus av jack -lrb- tip sound , ring sound , ring ground , Sleeve video -rrb- it be hard to believe in the advertising about 720p as 720p blur look like ldtv -lrb- 240p -rrb- look ok if you be half blind 5 Star price for a 2 Star projector with focus problem because of the float focus this negate the projector great feature and make it over price by $ 150 to $ 200 do not get I wrong this be a nice tech toy but for $ 499 it should have a uniformed focus , it be one of only two job a projector have to do . in today 's economy I try to get the best value for my hard earn cash and have become more critical of product that struggle to keep up with the brand name and message . wait six month to a year the market will be flood with similar device at the right price point . so Shop wisely Shop Amazon  Vivitek Qumi q2 300 Lumen WXGA HDMI 3D-Ready Pocket DLP Projector -lrb- Black -rrb-
145	Projector	NEG	1	UNFORTUNALLY I have to SAY that this item be the worst thing I have VER BOUGHT in MY LIFE , I do weekly presentation at work & GUESS what , I almost lost my job over this item , it work fine a COUPLE of TIMES & THEN IT just stop it just would ` nt do anything . please DONT BUY UNLESS you know HOW to fix it ... SORRY
684	Projector	NEG	1	the picture quality and quiet operaton of this projector be outstanding . the problem be the pixel have start die out now and I only have 387 hour of view time on this unit which I buy back in January , 2011 . I be go to contact Amazon and Vivitek and see if I can get it replace . I 'll let you know how I make out ... ok , so it be January 21 and still no rma number from Vivitek to return my defective unit to be repair . they have the worst customer service ever ! I explain my dilemma to Amazon and let I tell you , it be the best customer service I have ever encounter ! they understand the problem and send I a new replacement of the exact same model by next day air . and when I have to return the old one they even pay for the shipping . Amazon will definitely get my business in the future . WELL DONE AMAZON !
833	Projector	POS	5	the time from order to delivery be very good . I love the projector . it do just as describe in they literature . clear picture in a dimly light room and very good picture in a dark room . the fan be a little loud but if there be some background sound it be not noticeable . actually not much different from some bulb type projector I have work with . overall I would recommend this projector .
552	Projector	POS	4	I use this porjector instead of a tv in my bedroom . I love it . I think it be perfect for the price too . for some reason the remote do not work well at all , I only really need it for volume . the internal speaker work just fine for the sound . Works for I ! thanks !
919	Projector	POS	4	install the foot onto my Vivitek 1080fd be a puzzle . take I 4 or 5 attempt to get something that would project and swivel the correct direction . there be a lot of tweak you can make to swivel the projector over different axis once it be initially install . due to the unanticipated flexibility of the mount , I be able to get a extra 10 '' of screen space due to be able to work around my ceiling fan and overall room condition . one complaint I do have be there be only a anchor kit for concrete , but not for drywall . I guess they expect you to find a stud , but in my location I be unable to use the stud and still have the picture center . I just pick up a anchor kit from Home Depot and from there installation go smoothly .
929	Projector	NEG	1	I get my proyector in the mail anf right out of the box it have a problem with the audio , could not fix the problem so a call amazon and they send I a new one the next day -lrb- amazon costumer service be exelent -rrb- I recive the 2nd one and everything work great for one hole day , i be very happy in till the hdmus port stare to act funny , the hdmus will lose complete signal , this be very anoying because everytime i have to desconect my ps3 or blue ray and hook it right back to get the signal go again !! I have 2 for a week and only be able to use it one day for about 2 hour ... . what a pain in the butt !! . . my son be upset because the thing do not work for he ps3 and it make my experiance on get this product soo miserable , I will not recomend this UNIT if you be plane on USING IT with HDMI PORTS !! IM RETURNING IT and GETTING MY MONEY back !!
78	Projector	NEG	1	this be very much a case of `` you get what you pay for '' . I be swap out the projector , screen , and projector mount for my church and grab this little guy because it be 1 -rrb- white and would blend in well and 2 -rrb- cheap . I figure anything that would keep the projector up in the air would be more than adequate . what I do not count on be the metal be so flimsy that it would start to bend and go crooked after a month , thanks to nothing but the 5lb of the projector and gravity . now we have a perpetually wonky display , a counterclockwise rotation that be just about 2 degree ... but be enough to drive most of we crazy . do yourself a favor , spend a extra fifty buck and get a mount that be sturdier and will last .
618	Projector	NEG	1	the instruction be next to incomprehensible , and if you have a projector that only mount with 3 hole , there be no instruction on how to do it -lrb- hint : you have to remove one of the mount arm and re-mount in the center position -rrb- . after I go through all of that , I find that the center pole be attach to the bracket at a angle and I could not loosen it to straighten to a 90 degree angle , and this make it next to impossinble to get it positioned correctly for the screen . this would not have be so bad , but mount bracket also have no yaw control -lrb- horizontal rotation -rrb- , only roll and tilt , which be not good for precise postioning . I end up have to get a optoma bracket -lrb- more expensive -rrb- to mount my hd20 projector .
940	Projector	NEG	1	this lamp be so dim it be literally worthless . spend more for a oem . there be more light come from the back of this bulb than the front . junk junk junk . seller be cool though .
771	Projector	NEG	1	please be careful and do not be cheat by the poor and cheep offer for this projector -lrb-  lcd Video Projector -lrb- include HDMI Cable & Extra Bulb -rrb- Great for dvd , Wii , XBox , Playstation  it be really bad and you will not get any chance to return it back because the seller will ignore you and you email if you want to return it back .
172	Projector	NEG	1	I buy this lamp as replacement for my optoma gt 700 and it die in less than 60 hour !! luckily it still have warranty .
13	Projector	NEG	2	order this projector after read good review here and elsewhere . initially I be quite impressed by the image quality , very decent 720p image that match my expectaion . however , about 9 month into use , the projector start develop bad pixel . I make the obviouse mistake of not return it on the spot for a in-warranty repair . initially just a few ... but the situation deteriorate over time . I be now about 18 month from first use and the device be unusable ; there be over 100 bad pixel -lrb- mostly white -rrb- plus a `` bad '' black line run across at about 2\/3 the screen . obviously there be something significantly wrong with the reliability of the dlp device use in this design ... I have contact customer support ... look forward to they reply . Update May-31-12 : have return the unit to Optoma for repair - they gracefully accept this as a `` in warranty repair '' even though technically out of the guarantee 12-month period . good expereince ... make I comfortable of purchase optoma product in the future .
243	Projector	POS	5	I be a little skeptical of 5 star review , but this mount most certainly deserve that ! I recently purchase a Planar Pd7060 , and be in need of a mount with good adjustment , due to my low drop ceiling in my theater\/basement . -lrb- the Planar do not have a lens shift ... -rrb- as mention in earlier review , the instruction be lack , but the build quality of this thing more than make up for the shortfall of the literature . I have to make a brace behind the ceiling tile outof 2x 's and that probably take longer to do than install the projector . I be very pleased with all the tilt , yaw , forward , back , and side to side adjustment that can be make . it be very easy to square the projector to the wall or screen you be project on ... it have a variety of bolt include for mount you projector , I do not need to go to Lowe 's or hd to pick up any thing ... my Planar have three mount point , and the mount have 2 set of 3 adjustable arm , that I be sure will work with almost any projector . W there be set screw in every adjustable pivot point to lock you setting in place . this thing will not move ! pricepoint and versatility be top notch ! I order the black version , but this be the same model .
720	Projector	NEG	2	I buy a pc last year with the nVidia 3d system , it come with a Samsung monitor and it look fantastic . I instantly think `` i need a bigger screen '' so I go to nVidia 's page to view compatible display . the Optoma hd66 be and still be list as be compatible an support . so I buy one ... well guess what ? it be neither compatible or currently support . if you search the nvidium page you will find that if you hd66 be build before August of 2010 -lrb- that be right , August of 2010 ! -rrb- it will not work . I then call Optoma tech support and be tell by the phone tech that in order for it to work , it have to be send back to the factory for modification and that I would be responsible for the shipping ... I tell the guy that that be outrageous and I would simply return it and get something that actually do work as advertise . in case you wonder , I purchase the Acer h5360 . . I should have purchase it the first time around , not only do the 3d work flawlessly , it have way more feature than the hd66 like `` auto keystone , auto orientation , color wall compensation '' to name a few . if you look for a 3d projector that really deliver , you can wait two month till the actually compatible hd66 's hit the street -lrb- and hope they work -rrb- or you can get the Acer h5360 . of course deal with Amazon be the only way to go , the return of the hd66 be simple and I be enjoy real 3d in my living room on the Acer .
722	Projector	NEG	2	not bright enough for use with light on . Poor battery life -lrb- and further dimming when on battery -rrb- . cheap packaging -lrb- China , Inc. -rrb- and no case and no remote . need a odd mini-hdmus cable -lrb- also not include , and you likely will not have it -rrb- . return in exchange for a small LG projector , very glad I make the switch . but the device be adequate , it will project a low resolution image .
183	Projector	NEG	1	purchase the ex51 model from a office store retailer . after 9 month and only on it be fourth use , it quit ! no power whatsoever ! Office store say have to deal with the manufacturer and they would not exchange it . Epson would only replace it with a USED model , not a new one . Said that be the only choice I have . extremely upset with the product and especially Epson service . Stay away from this product !!!!!!
551	Projector	NEG	1	these so call portable projector be all crap . do not expect to watch movie or anything . I think this stuff should be $ 100 . it be simply a toy that make you frustrate after 3 month . if it be $ 100 , I will pay otherwise it be not worth the money . however , if you want expensive toy go ahead buy , or if you have money to waste . but , I would bet you will feel the same . it be worth $ 100 !
2	Projector	POS	4	Update : I have use it quite a bit now , hook up the cable , computer , Seagate and now my Roku . hand down , Roku rock on this thing for Netflix and Hulu use the hdmus input . still have not try the Wii . the Seagate be awful and the computer and cable be ok . for some reason , the Roku seem to produce the most consistently good picture and I be play directly off a white wall with a near 6-foot tall picture . the light can even be on the lowest dim and you get a fine picture . you do not need a completely dark room for a perfectly enjoyable picture . the screen I buy will be use for outside since I have find play the larger picture on the wall be great . the built-in speaker be fine for tv but I buy a inexpensive speaker set at best buy that work better for movie . my little basement room be now like my own personal theater ! original review : First , I be amaze at how quickly this arrive . I be a prime member so I get good shipping time , but this be just astounding . I order it and it arrive the very next day ! I hook it up to my Macbook , which take a little more cabling than the various cable include but I have what I need . I play a movie and then Hulu and it work great . I do not have to have all the light off , and I be project onto a proper screen . I be not use the HDMI port but the quality of the picture be extremely good -- just like watch a large standard def tv . I also use headphone so I do not know how the speaker sound yet . overall , this meet my all my expectation and I would recommend it . one note : if you notice the usb port , it be not really a port ; it be placeholder for a port . I be sure a higher end of the same model must have the actual port .
983	Projector	POS	5	Time to install : 1h tool require : drill + bit -lrb- for mount hole -rrb- , metric hex key ease of installation : medium -lrb- read the manual make all the difference -rrb- satisfaction with final installation : high I buy this mount to ceiling mount my Viewsonic Cine1000 DLP projector and find this kit to be perfect . I have a low , sloping ceiling with expose beam in my entertainment\/multi-media room , so the 6-axis adjustability , couple with the low profile , really help to turn the projector from a obstruction to a asset ! a couple of note from my installation experience : 1 . plan out you installation before start - this will save you oodles of time and prevent you from install and then re-installing 2 . dry-fit the projector to the mount bracket before mount it to the ceiling to make sure that it will hold you projector the way you want it 3 . have a friend help when you need to mount the projector to the ceiling bracket - it will make alignment much faster 4 . think about how the wire be go to run to the projector once you be do so you can incorporate the right length of conduit side note - I be a engineer , so I do not get frustrate with all of the adjustment and mount hole as some other reviewer do ... instead it be a wonderful little puzzle to do . however , I can see how people could get frustrated , so dry fit the assembly first : -rrb-
813	Projector	NEG	1	this be only a very basic item and not intend for use to project for even medium size audience . the light be very weak and have difficulty project much further than 8 foot .
226	Projector	POS	5	I use the Vantage Point cgupm12-s to mount a Panasonic pt-ae200u projector . the mount be easy to put together and install , work great , very adjustable , well make , look good . I would highly recommend this product . I call Vantage Point to make sure the mount would work with my projector , they return my call and be very helpful .
524	Projector	NEG	1	last only 4.5 month . : -lrb- I be not sure what to think of it . other than a : -lrb- Face , I think I will go a different route , because my OEM lamp last for year ...
165	Projector	POS	5	I buy this 120-inch screen to replace my outgoing 106-inch screen make by Mustang . these appear to be the same manufacturer . the screen come deliver early and superbly packed , no damage . my screen have no installation hardware , but I would not have use it anyway . to mount on a wall , go to Lowe 's and spend $ 3.87 on `` screw in '' wall anchor that will hold 50 pound each . you merely make you measurement and press the anchor into the wall to start it and then screw it in the wall the rest of the way with a Phillips screwdriver - it take 3 seconds to do this . the screen unrolled easily and the edge do not curl inward as you would expect . there be a new plastic-y smell that go away after a day or so . this be a high quality high gain screen that I would recommend . I leave my screen pull down 99 % of the time , so I can not comment on the durability of the roll-up mechanism , but it appear robust . you can not lose with this screen , highly recommend .
688	Projector	NEG	2	we have use this projector for less than 20 hour and be already get a lamp error replace lead blinking light . I will be test the 90 day manufacture warranty on the bulb . up until this issue I feel like I have a good product for the price .
632	Projector	NEG	2	product work great , look great , very quiet motor quite pleased - just complete 6 business session use it . several positive comment
336	Projector	NEG	1	this thng be trash . unviewable picture -lrb- no matter what I adjust etc. accord to the manual -rrb- . I know what a good projector be and this be not it . do not waste you money . if I could give it no star I would .
727	Projector	NEG	1	the picture from this projector be good for its price range , but the bulb fail after 300 hour . other reviewer have experience this , so it sound like the lamp rarely last the advertised 2000 hour . at $ 350 for a replacement lamp , it make this a poor choice for a budget projector .
149	Projector	POS	5	I be able to replace my tv lamp very easily with this assembly . the picture quality be very clear . very quick service and reasonable price .
439	Projector	POS	5	I have be very pleased with the performance of this projector . it be very easy to set up and have a variety connection that you can use . I have use it both with my computer and my television to watch movie on the wall . the whole family love this thing !
642	Projector	POS	4	my old home theater room have my Projector on the table , very low class , now I this mount and my home theater be SWEET ! very professional look . my wife really like it .
836	Projector	POS	5	I be worry that the picture quality on this model would be lower the usual . it be a cheaper version of a lot of other . I be very nicely surprise when I turn this on . the quality be great . the first game be Grand theft auto , I love it . play on a screen that big be great and its picture quality be very good .
715	Projector	NEG	2	I purchase this EPSON Projector for the same reason a lot of people probably due . 1 . it be a EPSON . they make great product . 2 . the Amazon.com price be much lower than retail . 3 . the description promise a huge picture with a nice image . 4 . hdmus input and the promise of `` near hd '' quality picture . well . yes , it do look nice and it have a self-contained dvd player . the hook-up be easy to reach and the remote glow in the dark . however : the ability to change setting lack completely . it be like a robot : `` I must do it this way . '' the lamp get HOT ! very hot ! so hot , that the exhaust make it nearly impossible to adjust the front leg . well , do not even worry about do that , because then you have white screen fill with no picuture . the keystone adjustment work for the picture itself , but not the entire project light image . the screensaver be something from the original Atari and the speaker sound muffle ; they be such bad quality speaker that , in order to hear the word , you have to turn it up to the point where you ear hurt from the loudness of everything else . only the ECO setting let the fan noise decrease enough to even hear the speaker . this be a piece of garbage projector . unless , you really wanna watch all of you television and movie in stunning 480i picture quality -lrb- like a old VHS tape -rrb- but REALLY REALLY BIG !!!!! - then this be for you . otherwise , save you money and buy a 32 '' or 37 '' lcd 720 or 1080 tv . heck , for $ 499.00 , you can probably get a decent 32 '' Class full hd 1080p television or 37 '' Class 720p HD television . do not waste you money on this projector . if , the 720p or 1080 hd one ever come down to a decent price ; I will consider buy another one . until then , I 'll stick with the flat screen .
43	Projector	POS	5	I be very happy with Moviemate so far . I be pleasantly surprise by feature not mention in other review . - Plays MP3 CDs , 12 hour or more of music on a mp3 cd create on you computer or purchase . the onscreen display be nice and complete , as well as the built-in console display of track information include title . the onscreen display be easily turn off -lrb- even with the remote ! -rrb- to preserve lamp life turn the unit into a great sound tabletop music player with sub-woofer and remote that will play all day long . - Sleep timer . the sleep timer be very useful in `` tabletop music player '' mode above . the unit can be set to automatically turn off at up to 150 minute or whenever the program end in `` auto-standby '' mode .
816	Projector	POS	5	I be look for a projector to use for my home theater as well as something I could rent out -lrb- to recover my cost -rrb- . about a week of research lead I to the x1 . I be originally look at the Epson Powerlite s1 , but after read several review on it about how pixelated it look . . most reviewer reccomend the x1 over the Epson . this lead I to start look at Infocus x1 review . I check around several place and here at Amazon as well and all of they be very good . as you have probably already read , the main complaint everyone have have be the `` rainbow effect '' . I probably would have never notice it if I have not be look for it when I get it home . you mainly notice it if you move you head after you have blink . I know this sound crazy , but that be when I have notice it . it be not that big of a deal and most of you friend that you bring over to watch a movie will never even notice it ! I have not get the screen yet , have to order it , but even on my white wall it look very nice even with some lighting on . it be much brighter then I expect ! I have try it with my pc connect to watch a dvd and also with my Sony dvd home Theater system connect up with s-video cable . the picture be about the same . I have order the adapter for the composite signal so that should make the picture even better . Hope this help ! I would definately reccomend this projector to anyone look for a low price projector .
643	Projector	NEG	1	8\/16\/11 : I have now enter the 21st century with this alarm clock ! it have so many wonderful feature ! first , the number be nice and large , so it be easy for this Baby Boomer to read ! it also have a projection feature that project the time on the ceiling ! so I do not have to look at the clock to see what time it be , just take a look at the ceiling ! second , it have a automatic time zone feature . in program mode , select the number that correspond to you time zone and voilum ! it automatically set it for the time and date ! Third , it have two separate alarm . depend on the type of wake-up call you want , you can set alarm 1 for a gentle wake-up call -lrb- soothing sound for example or easy listening -rrb- and alarm 2 for those urgent , immediate wake-up call on the day you have to get to work asap . and you have you choice of soothing sound : bird chirp & chime , ocean wave , etc. . you can program the alarm to set off 7 day a week , Mondays-Fridays only , or weekend only . that be a great feature so you do not get wake up to you favorite Heavy Metal station on the weekend ! it have a backup battery system that will still wake you up even if you have a power outage during the night . my favorite feature be the `` Sleep '' feature , in which you can set the clock to play soothing sound for 60 - 99 minute . this help to put I and my little pre-school son to sleep . it shut off after the alloted time . the instruction be easy to read and follow , although you do have to read they to figure out the feature . 8\/19\/11 UPDATE : I have be force to lower my rating from 5 star to 3 . I guess that be why this clock be only $ 29.99 . after about 3 day , it start to do some wonky thing . I be use the `` Sleep '' feature to play the soothing sound mode and that have stop work . when I press it , the display alternately flash the time and a radio station . I keep have to play with it until I can at least get the soothing sound to play . it have a very long , thin wire antenna which could easily break off , so that be not so great . alarm 1 seem not to work all the time . I keep refer to the instruction to reset the `` Sleep '' feature and alarm 1 , and I do everything step by step , yet the `` Sleep '' feature do not work and alarm 1 be iffy . the instruction be not very good when you be try to troubleshoot . too bad , because the feature be really nice on the clock ... if only they would keep work . 9\/2\/11 UPDATE : Radio no longer work . soothing sound do not work . Sleep mode do not work . I set alarm 1 for 6:45 AM and it somehow switch on its own to 6:45 pm . drop rating to 1 star . I have have the clock for almost a month , and it seem more of its feature stop work . I do not recommend this clock . the basic clock still keep time , and the projection light work , but that be about it . 9\/15\/11 UPDATE : alarm do not work at all . the only thing this clock do be keep time . the light that reflect the time on the ceiling still work , but all the other feature do not . I have never have a product go bad so quickly . 9\/20\/11 : clock be DEAD . have to unplug it while clean . when I plug it back in , nothing display . never have I have a product that die so quickly as this one . save you money and buy another brand . do not buy this clock . Timex be know for watch , but not alarm clock . total disappointment .
47	Projector	NEG	1	this tv lamp have stop work after 8 month . it be suppose to work for 3to4 yr . the previous lamp that come with the tv last for 4 year . there be nothing wrong with the tv . I will never buy anything from this company anymore .
384	Projector	POS	4	this projector have completely blow I away . once it be focus in , the quality of picture be impressive . it be not hard to set it up or stow it away . I do not like have a tv visible in my house so , with this projector , I roll down a screen , set it up , and I be watch theater quality-huge projection . it be awesome ! I be totally recommend this .
219	Projector	POS	5	well first let I say that i be like most of you read this review try to see if i really want to get this projector . I be just a normal 24 year old guy look to get a good deal and i really base my purchase off most of the review and spec . so i 'll list a few of my personal con and pro . bad news first . con : - it be 3d capable but in order to get 3d work on it you have to buy a additional piece - a zoom feature would come in handy in a lot of situation . - sound on the projector be like either break on mine or really really bad . - Lens cap do not fit -lrb- and i have a 1 year old who love touch it , this be easily fix by get a cloth to wipe it off -rrb- . pro : - the picture be simply awesome . - I manage to hook up my ps3 to it and it be great . - I have cable hook up to it -lrb- through s-video cable -rrb- . -lrb- side note : you need a cable box to hook cable up to the projector and you 'll need to buy either a s-video cable or the red\/white\/yellow cable to hook up to it , i be sure other would work but i \* know \* personally those do . -rrb- - the short throw feature i find nice as my projector be about 8-9 ft away from the wall and my picture be over 100 inch . - during the day time with the windows\/curtains open you can still see the picture well . I be really enjoy this projector . whether it be ps3 , cable , netflix , or the pc it surpass all my expectation . I would recommend this to anyone who be think about get one . I mean honestly if you spend 600 $ on a tv you would get 42-48in . where as this you get 100 plus hd -lrb- 3d if you want to shell out the extra 300 and then you be still get a cheaper deal than a 3d tv -rrb- . play blue ray flawlessly . I love this . if anyone have any question by all means ask . oh one quick stupid thing i do . I accidentally spray compress air -lrb- try to clear dust out of it -rrb- into the front vent while it be on . it cause a loud pop noise and a mini explosion -lrb- fire include -rrb- and it cut off . I think that be it for the little fellum but gladly it come back on when i let it sit off for a little while so 2 thumb up on that !
190	Projector	NEG	2	this be absolutely not a fit for Optoma hd20 . I do not know how it fit other projector , but if you have hd20 look somewhere else . the mount assembly be too big for the tiny optoma and it be too hard to fit it in . if you try the centroid method the manual suggest , its nearly impossible to align the hole to match . once you put it together and mount it on the ceiling , it will still have some tiny wobble and adjust to fit the screen be quite a task . tighten the bolt do not really help so much . the only good thing be that the piece that attach to the ceiling be very strong and well build . in general , remember to loosen the bolt before hoist it on the ceiling . you will have to oil the bolt and put a lot of strength to loosen they . they be terribly tight . Stay away from it if you have a hd20 !
133	Projector	POS	5	I have be very happy with this projector after about 2 month of regular use . it have the feature I need . I would strongly recommend use a hdmus cable instead of a analog one if you source have a hdmus output . this digital cable be pricey -lrb- ~ $ 30 -rrb- , but blow away what you 'll get from , say , a VGA cable from you computer or a component video output , which be analog and thus `` dirty '' . I have my projector suspend upside-down from the ceiling use a $ 20 mount kit and project onto a white wall . the specific setup mean I do not have to keystone the image , which degrade some of its quality . the 11 ' screen size turn my apartment into a great little theater for entertaining friend . I block outside light and keep area lighting limit , which mean I can use the `` Eco '' energy set all the time and still have good quality . one benefit be that the Eco setting be quiet , whereas the full quality setting require the noisy fan to be run in a way that be slightly annoying . in my opinion , the full quality mode be not that much better and mean you 'll probably wear out you bulb out in about half the time , so it be just not worthwhile for I . I be a amateur photographer and often review slide show of my picture on the `` big screen '' . I really appreciate the automatic adjustment the projector go through as the image change . one moment , we may be see a brightly light photograph that the projector have well balanced and then , when it switch to a dark-room shot , it gradually adjust the brightness and contrast to emphasize the subtlety of it that be a bit muted at first . the shift be almost unnoticeable and take a couple of seconds . the result be much appreciate by this enthusiast because it behave as though it have even more color depth than be possible with the physical device . the remote and menu system be simple and good . I can just aim at the wall instead of the device , which be not a give with some device . the `` source search '' button be appropriately the most prominent one , after the power button . keyston seem the next most basic part of set up , especially for people who move they projector around a lot for business , so it be nice that the device and remote make this really easy . I almost never need to use the menu , otherwise . the bottom line be they make the most common feature easily accessible and the menu easy to navigate and understand . although you can use this projector as a tv , keep in mind it be not `` cable ready '' . it have no tuner . you can get a analog tuner with a remote control -lrb- e.g. ,  mygica SuperColor HD TV Box Video Converter Box  I use the mygica box with basic analog cable use a VGA cable connect it to the projector . the quality be pathetic , but that be not the fault of the Mygica or Epson . one of the only thing that be disappointing at first be that there be a usb port and hint online about a way to stream video through it from you computer . this model do not support that ; the usb port be for plug a usb -lrb- `` thumb '' -rrb- drive in for a instant slide show of still picture . the video stream would have be nice , so I would not have to physically switch the HDMI cable between my Blu Ray player and pc , but it be not part of my purchase decision . one more significant disappointment be that there be no way to output audio to speaker or a amplifier . the small built-in speaker be no good for a home theater , so I be probably go to end up pay a couple of buck for a hdmus splitter and then possibly $ 40 + for a digital to analog adapter so I can plug in speaker . the rca audio plug on the back of the device be for input of audio , which seem of dubious value . I would have greatly appreciate this be a direct out from the digital to analog device they have to build into it to begin with . one of the thing I pay special attention to be lamp life . the fact that this one have a long project life and be relatively cheap to replace be a big selling point to I . think about this like when you be consider the $ 25 printer that have $ 50 ink cartridge you have to replace monthly .
687	Projector	POS	5	if you be look to spend under $ 700 for a hd projector then look no further . this small fellum be a power house and produce a picture that to the average eye , rival a projector that be 2 or 3 time the price . yes its natively 720p , but it can play 1080p content at a scale resolution . the picture quality be very , very impressive . be sure to change the default setting because out of the box it need to be tweak a little . there be plenty of projector\/av forum on the internet that you can search that suggest the best setting for brightness , contrast , etc. . it make a huge difference . ive have mine for 8 month now and its still on its first bulb -lrb- with about 1000 hour of use -rrb- . the unit be small compare to other model which make it more discreet and ideal for use in a living room or bedroom . do yourself a favor and get one of these instead of a 50 + inch tv . I be now watch hd content that measure 10 foot diagonally - everybody that have see it have be blow away . I also recommend that you buy a screen . it will still look great project on to a white wall , but you really do not get the best out of it until you use a dedicated screen . I have a electric power screen with a high-contrast gray finish -lrb- as oppose to the more common white finish -rrb- . it make the black much deeper and improve the contrast dramatically . the gray finish be ideal for anybody who do not have a dedicated home theater that be ` black out ' and have completely controllable light . with the gray screen I be able to use my projector during the day or with the light on . its a win\/win situation because even at night -lrb- or the darkest I be able to get my room -rrb- I still get deeper black and more vivid contrast . anyway enough about the screen , if you be in the market for a hd projector and want to spend under $ 700 then you cant do better than this .
452	Projector	NEG	1	I purchase this projector refurbish off woot.com for $ 650 . great deal , right ? I then build a entire home theater around this unit , purchase a 5.1 surround receiver and speaker system , electric projector screen , mount hardware , speaker wire , etc. . by the time all equipment come in and I be ready to set up the system it be about 45 day later . it work great for about one week , then the lamp start shut off . I call and they say it be the lamp that need to be replace and it would cost $ 250 to do so , because the lamp be only guarantee for 30 day -lrb- the rest of the projector 90 day -rrb- . I only put about 30 hour of time on the lamp and it will cost I $ 250 more dollar ? that put the cost of the projector over what it would cost to buy new in only one week 's time . I be stick return the projector back to woot for the refund and look for a better company that make hd projector for my theater . my sister be also on she 3rd optoma projector because of shoddy circuitry . she be send she 's back before to find that it would cost she $ 400 for out of warrantee service . you may have better luck than I , but buy at you own risk because Optoma do not stand behind they product and will overcharge you for the repair .
818	Projector	NEG	2	Got my unit a few minute ago , read the booklet and I be see that the light source be a elongate 150w clear bulb !!! replacement cost $ 25 here , my question be this - will this really qualify as a lcd projector or can I sue someone for false advertising since it be under this premise that I buy the unit ... . will update on functionality later on .
