index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
808	RiceCooker	NEG	1	`` this be the worst rice cooker I have ever use . the top be not heavy enough so it spit all around the edge . my counter top be cove in sticky rice paste . and I be only cooking half he amount of rice it say be the capacity . ''
168	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this product stop work for just one month of cooking . this product stop work for just one month of cooking . this product stop work for just one month of cooking . this product stop work for just one month of cooking .
835	RiceCooker	POS	5	I purchase the Aroma Rice Cooker and Food Steamer after Thanksgiving as a present for my wife for Christmas . she quickly open the box , read the instruction and begin prepare a evening meal . she love it because she can steam veggy the way she like . she love the cooker .
590	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be a simple little rice cooker that work fine ... for about two month . one day it just stop work in the middle of cook some rice . this seem to be a common problem with this product and I can not recommend it .
462	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this 6-cup rice cooker be more like 3-cup rice cooker . this could never be more than 5-cup for it be really small ! its say in the manual or box it be a 6-cup , but it say in the manual that only 3 cup will fit . and it be only actually 3 cup of rice ! when its more than that , its gonna overflow !!!
245	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I have this product for less than a year and I go to cook rice one day and the cook lever would not stay down . it keep pop up like it do when the rice be do . . I be very dissapointed , usually Black & Decker product be good product , but not in this case . I be on here look for a new one , and I can guarantee it will not be Black & Decker
846	RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife receive this cooker as a gift and she love it ! she will not go back to she old method for any reason . she especially like brown rice which be cook perfectly . so , good price , good feature and wonderful brown rice !
18	RiceCooker	POS	5	I have be use the same simple on\/off rice cooker -lrb- purchase for about $ 25.00 -rrb- for year . it make cooking rice easy but it be time to replace it . I debate quite a bit on spending over $ 100 for this particular rice cooker ... could it really be that much better ? I think I would give it a try ... I have to say , I be so glad I do . this little gem cook rice perfectly . I always though my old rice cooker do a good job -lrb- despite the bit of burnt rice on the bottom of the pot -rrb- , but i really have no idea that rice could come out like this ! this cooker have make I a rice fanatic . brown rice be amazingly soft and tasty , and I have be try different type of white rice as well . the best part be that you can use this like a crockpot . you can really cook some great dish right in the cooker . put the ingredient hour before dinner , set the timer and come home to a perfectly cook rice meal . my kid have become huge fan of the porridge . a mix of oatmeal and cook rice with a hint of cinnamon and sugar make for a healthy , hearty breakfast that my family can not get enough of . I debate between the 3 cup and the 5 1\/2 cup , but since the 5 1\/2 cup be only a few dollar more I go with that and I be glad I do . I do not think the 3 cup would have be enough - especially since I be use it to cook meal . if you be in the market for a rice cooker , take a serious look at this . it be not just a rice cooker - be sure to get a rice cooker cookbook to compliment it though - the recipe that come with the machine be not that exciting .
870	RiceCooker	POS	5	this cooker might be pricey but it cook any type of rice perfectly . Brown , jasmine , extra long grain all cook to perfection -lrb- wash you rice wash you rice wash you rice ! -rrb- . clean up be easy and only take a minute . spend the extra cash for this one if you can swing it .
69	RiceCooker	NEG	1	i buy this item on amazon not know it be fit with a american plug when i go to send it back it be go to cost I # 16 postage that be more than the item cost i they buy a plug for it that cost I # 6 and it still do not work wont be buy anything else from use
904	RiceCooker	POS	5	I do not have much to add that have not already be say . I have own this rice cooker now for 7 + year now -lrb- it be actually my first non college textbook purchase from Amazon -rrb- and it be perfect . it work great for 1-3 people , and I have never have any issue with it that be not cause by my own mistake of measurement . I will say that sometimes you have to figure out the best combination of water level\/cooking set for the rice you be try to cook , but once you have get it the way you like it the Zojirushi cook it consistently every time . I also have not have issue with the nonstick coating of the bowl except for a few scratch cause by someone use a metal spoon to scrape rice from the bottom , even they be minor though . overall a amazing product !
57	RiceCooker	POS	5	I agree with all the positive review here . I purchase this to cook brown rice and now that all my family eat now that it come out perfect everytime . I cook add ' l and keep in the fridge . just add a few drop of water to a bowl -lrb- to rehydrate the rice a little -rrb- , load rice in & microwave a minute or more . I have also cook steel cut oats use the brown rice cycle which work well . I have also do black bean without soak , but I have to run the brown rice cycle two time to get it right . -lrb- this mean I have to let it cool down between cycle by remove the bowl and set it aside and leave the lid open so the unit cool as well , because the safety feature will not let you start a new cycle if the temp be above a certain amt . -rrb- if in a hurry , you could put cold water in sink and let the bowl sit in it a few minute too . maybe if you soak the bean overnight , you would only have to run it once . I shall try soak the bean another time to see if I can use only 1 cycle . I have also cook 20 minute stove-top rice use the quick rice cycle , this also be dead on too . I be sure if I give it some thought I could be a lot more creative and I be bet all whole grain will cook in the brown rice cycle . also , do not put directly under cabinet as it steam a lot near the end of the cycle , pull it out a little on the counter so it clear the cabinet . incidently , I make a few measurement and test & time a few thing . first off the plastic rice cup measurer take 2\/3 + 2 tablespoon of water in case anyone lose theirs . second , for brown rice , this take a whopping 1hr 41 minute to complete so allow the time . due to the length , I decide to measure how many KW it be use for that cycle with my p3 kill a watt . it use .16 in total for the 1hr 41min cycle which confirm what I think . . that be do not draw full power the entire time and be not a energy hog . this be about what a 100-watt candescent lightbulb would use in the same amount of time . all in all , this product be very well think out , very well make and be extremely reliable . even though it be make in China it be of highest quality . it have a small footprint and even a retractable cord and carry handle . the bowl be hold up quite well . periodically remove the insert on the lid where the gasket be to wash any residue that might be build up . I be very hesitant to plunk down all that money , but I have no regret today and I be consider buy the larger model since I use it so much . this be great for lazy people too , it take a minute to get it go and very little clean-up involve ! my husband and kid can even use this thing . Hope this help , just think I would give back my review for all the helpful one I have use . 3\/21\/11 almost three year later & still loving this product . teflon be hold up fine !!!
352	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker in incredible . all claim be valid . imagine make sushi rice while you be out walk , or gardening . just push a button ... it be a simple as that . no more bubble over ; no more mess to clean up . even my husband , who never cook , be intrigue . it be expensive , but life be short and I have better thing to do than watch rice simmer .
86	RiceCooker	POS	5	I have use this rice cooker for multiple batch of rice since my purchase , and I have to say it have do exactly what I have expect of it . I have make 1-3 cup of rice at one time . anything above that I can not comment on but for those amount each batch be perfect . I like my rice on the sticky side so I have use 1 1\/4 - 1 1\/2 cup of water per one cup of rice -lrb- and this be white rice -rrb- depend on how sticky you want the rice . I have make brown rice only once so not much to write about that other than I use the suggest rice to water ratio in the product instruction . also have not use the steam tray to make any vegetable or anything else . as far as the product itself : it work great , the positive : no bubble over the lid -lrb- and I do not wash or rinse my rice -rrb- . the button be very straight forward , one for white and one for brown rice . clean up be very easy . there be really no negative yet since I have only have it for about a month -lrb- since write this review -rrb- . but two thing : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the cord be not retractable and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the tray that collect excessive water do not fit sturdily in the back its a bit loose , but it have not be a issue . neither of those thing would be deal breaker for I , I would still purchase this product again if I have to . so over all it do what I expect it to do , which be steam rice and it do it great .
55	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be amazing . it cook rice nicely and in no time . it be so easy to make and easy to clean because of the nonstick surface . it be smaller than a lot of rice cooker I have see but 6 cup of rice be plenty for I personally . I have not try steam vegy but it do come with a book which explain how long to keep particular vegy in there . one downside as far as steam vegy be that you can only steam a very small amount .
767	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this model because of the `` titanium bowl , '' as I want to avoid teflon . it turn out , the bowl might be a teflon-titanium blend , it might be titanium with a teflon inner coating , it might be God know what . I have have the rice cooker for three year and yes , it have be great . until the bowl start flake , like any other teflon bowl . if you see gold spot inside you bowl , then it be flake and you have to throw it out . the problem ? there be no replacement bowl to buy . I have be on the phone with Sanyo and various part distributor all afternoon . the part -lrb- the inner bowl -rrb- have be back-ordered for 3 month and the part distributor have not be able to get any information from Sanyo . I find that strange , consider they be still manufacture this rice cooker !! so now , instead of spend $ 20 on a new bowl , I have to spend $ 100 + on a new rice cooker . do you think it be go to be another Sanyo ??? I do not . but what to do about the darned teflon bowl that they all have . I might have to get a stainless steel model , and suck it up on the cleanup . or maybe a Zojirushi , and I will just have to commit to buy a new bowl every year . at least you can buy a new bowl for those .
790	RiceCooker	POS	4	I use this little rice cooker 4-5 time a week , as I eat quite a bit of rice -lrb- but not daily as some user who rate it lower do -rrb- . it have work flawlessly for several year now . I have even drop this unit hard enough to put a dent in it and it still work just fine . the non stick surface have hold up well -lrb- I be typically not very careful about non stick surface -rrb- and have a few scratch that be my fault , but the rest of the coating remain intact . the only reason I do not give this the full five star be that I do not know how they get 6 cup of cook rice out of this . if I try to cook 3 cup uncook it overflow , but for smaller amount it work just fine . I do not know , maybe I need new measure cup ...
400	RiceCooker	POS	5	we eat a lot of rice and this rice cooker do the job beautifully . it be so nice to make it ahead of time and keep in the fridge . the brown rice even come out great , and that be never be a favorite before now . I highly recommend this product to anyone who love rice and the convenience this cooker offer . it be also cheaper to buy the big bag of long cooking rice , rather than the boil-it bag we have use before . the steamer be also a nice feature for one pot meal .
1	RiceCooker	POS	5	the cooker work rather well . I think because it be so cheap that it might not work well . it do the job and it be easy clean up because the lid and the rice pan come right off . some cooker have the lid attach and they be more difficult to clean .
90	RiceCooker	NEG	1	in the begin this little rice cooker work very well and be exactly what I have be look for . for just two people it be the ideal size . I follow the instruction provide by B&D; , make sure that the insert be not whet on the bottom and sit level in the unit etc. but after about 10 use it stop work with no warning half way through cooking . the light go out and that be the end of it . B&D; have a good name but this little cooker in poor quality . Waste of money , I will be look for a rice cooker from a different maker .
584	RiceCooker	POS	4	freak engrish instruction do not explicitly tell you how to cook rice . they do not even imply it . they do not say add rice to the bowl , then add water to the indicated level on the bowl . it take I three batch of rice before I figure it out . I be fill up the bowl with water to the indicated mark , then add rice . way too much water . after make rice pudding several time , add less and less water each time , I finally figure out you be suppose to add the rice to the bowl , then add the water to the indicated mark . now that I have figure that out , it seem to be do a good job .
933	RiceCooker	NEG	1	do not bother with this one ... First off , I ' t do not even make 3 cup of rice , more like 1.5 cup . the first and only time I use it , the rice come out mushy . I assume it be user error , the second time I try to use it , it would not even turn on . I be rating it one star because that be as low as I can go
710	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the 2nd Zojirushi rice cooker I purchase ... the electronics in the system be good -lrb- programmable operation time -rrb- , the different feature offer be awesome ! ... a must have if you be a person with limited time to cook ...
87	RiceCooker	POS	5	ok wow , this thing be amazing ! I be a college student with little time to spend prepare food -lrb- and rice be cheap -rrb- so I think this be a perfect investment and I be right ! today i receive it , clean everything , plug it in , use the measurement of rice to water , hit the big button that say BROWN RICE , and then it be beep later tell I it be do . when I open the top I could barely believe my eye , perfect freakin ' RICE . look exactly like the kind you get with chinese food , all dry and scrumptious look how I like it . it even have a chart to adjust water to cater to how you like you rice prepare , so I have some variation to experiment with . but basically , this thing be so cool and I feel as if it be gonna save I so much time and I 'll make much better food . love it !
217	RiceCooker	POS	5	product make wonderful rice , much lighter than use the stove . read problem with these rice cooker boil over . I have only make upto 2 cup of brown rice , not 3 so I be not sure if make 3 cup would cause the water overflow people seem to have . it also steam vegtable , but this model seem small to bother with .
821	RiceCooker	POS	4	ok , it be only $ 16.99 , but the interior basket and the steam basket be flimsy aluminum . I make 1 cup of brown rice and I put in the 1 3\/4 recommend amount of water , and the rice be properly cook , but towards the last part of the cooking , not only do steam escape from the steam hole , but the remain water bubble up and some escape ... and I only make a single cup of rice ! this particular unit be obviously only make for 1 or 2 cup of rice ... I would not use this for the recommend 3 cup of rice . add comment ; it appear that you can make 3 cup of rice in this unit . apparently , the bubble up issue be more likely to happen when the water and rice level be lower . so , bottom line , a decent product for the money . -lrb- the glass lid and the steamer basket be easily dishwasher safe , but you really should hand wash the non-stick lift-off cooking insert . -rrb-
468	RiceCooker	NEG	1	use it to cook oatmeal and rice - nice convenient size - break after 3 week - shoddy quality control - cant recommend
657	RiceCooker	NEG	1	the size be right for two people but the rice cooker do not work properly . either rice come out burnt on the bottom after I wash the rice a couple of time per instruction or the rice be soggy at the bottom . feature be like a regular rice maker so very disappointing it do not work .
853	RiceCooker	POS	5	after read plenty of good review about this rice cooker , I decide to purchase it . I be very pleased with it and my rice be always perfectly cook . the cooker be ship on time and be of great quality . I will definitely be willing to purchase from this seller again !
681	RiceCooker	NEG	1	have this rice cooker for two year . it recently die . I find the problematic part that need to be replace , but can not get replacement part from either manufacture or they service center . talk to they several time without find any solution . bad customer service and low quality product !
524	RiceCooker	NEG	1	it be work for a month and stop work . initally the light do not come up and we do not know whether the cooker be work or not . probably due to defective wiring or some thing . Black & Decker should make the quality process more stringent when they procure -lrb- part -rrb- it from outside .
514	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this product do not correctly represent itself . there be a little cup inside , smaller than a american cup . this unit do not even make 8 full american size cup of finish rice .
264	RiceCooker	POS	5	really like the timer feature , which let you set the finishing time . Perfect right on time , every time . not sure if cheaper model do the same job , but I can definitely say that this one do it very well , and I be very satisfied .
100	RiceCooker	POS	4	I read all the review for this model and decide to give it a try . at $ 14.00 , it be not a big investment . I buy it because it could make a small quantity of rice , and it could cook brown rice . however , my first use be with the max amount -lrb- `` 3 measure '' -rrb- of Texmati -lrb- basmatus -rrb- rice . I incorporate some of the suggestion I read in the review . first , I place the cooker on a terrycloth towel . the measure cup that come with the unit do not look like the one picture in the manual . it have no marking on it except a grooved line about 1\/4 inch down from the top . since I read it be suppose to measure 2\/3 cup , I do use my own measuring cup to confirm . two-third of a cup fill it to that line , not the top . I carefully measure `` 3 measure '' of rice , dump the rice in the cooker , and then fill it with water to the 3 cup line inside the cooking pot . that be what the direction say to do and it would make a difference in the amount of water if you do these step in reverse . turn it on and then check it at 20 minute . the water be boil and it be sputter through the vent hole in the lid . the rice\/water mixture be foam and get very close to the top of the pot . base on a review suggestion , I give the mixture a quick stir . that immediately stop the sputtering and foam and the cooking process continue uneventfully until it finish cooking and automatically switch to warm . again base on a suggestion , I unplug the cooker and wait the 15 minute -lrb- actually 20 minute -rrb- before I serve it . the rice be firm but cook and slightly brown on the very bottom but still usable . taste good ! I get 7 serving , each cover 2\/3 of a dinner plate when rice be `` flatten out . '' I clean the cooking pot by hand -lrb- extremely easy to clean -rrb- and put the glass lid in the dishwasher with no problem . after one use , I like it !
463	RiceCooker	NEG	1	these rice cooker with separate lid should be avoid . the moisture do not get trap so all the steam leak out which cause the rice to burn at the bottom and raw at the top . my mom have a Tiger rice cooker that have a attach lid that trap in the moisture , cook perfect rice everytime , do not stick , and keep warm for day . this one ? can not do any of that .
85	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I have this unit as well as a older version of the  Black & Decker HS1000 Handy Steamer with Flavor Scenter Screen  I get the 3 cup rice cooker because the steamer have a lot of piece and be a pain to clean . while the rice cooker be a breeze to clean , it be main downfall be the burning on the bottom . I hear other reviewer say that be not a big deal , but it be to I . I do not like it and the purpose of have a cooker be to make good rice without have to watch it while it cook . if I want to watch it and stir , unplug etc. as other suggest , I would just cook the rice in a pot . also , as other say , this spurt juice everywhere while it be cooking , also annoy . the handy steamer be much better but from what I hear , the newest version be not as good unfortunately . besides make better rice , it have a timer on it so you can adjust to you liking . the 3 cup cooker be all or nothing - can not adjust . I be try to find a cross between these two - hopefully there be one out there .
28	RiceCooker	NEG	2	it be only be two week since I buy it but it be already not work ! the life span be so short !
557	RiceCooker	POS	4	ever since I purchase this item , I have be use it almost every single day ! it be extremely convenient and be a snap to use . I live in a small apartment and this be the perfect size for one person . I always cook 1 cup of uncooked rice and it be a hearty serve for one person . it be very easy to measure all you ingredient because the non-stick bowl have mark line on the inside -lrb- 1 cup , 2 cup , and 3 cup -rrb- to show you how much water to add . clean-up be a breeze because of the non-stick bowl . my favorite rice to make be jasmine rice with lot of lime juice , a little lemon juice , and cilantro . I add the rice to the non-stick bowl -lrb- 1 cup uncooked -rrb- . then I add enough lime juice so that all of the rice be wet and soak in it . then I add just a little bit of lemon juice -lrb- 1-2 tsp . -rrb- . then add a bit of butter and some salt . after rice be cook , mix in 2 tsp . of cilantro and stir well . it be delicious and it be the only rice I ever make . the only problem with this unit be that you have to check the rice occasionally during the cooking phase , otherwise the bottom of the rice will brown . it be not a catastrophe and be easily remedy . First off , let I just say that if the rice brown a bit , it only look unpleasant . it still taste just as good . to avoid this , you need to wait until the rice have absorb almost all the water . take off the lid and stir the rice thoroughly . once the rice have absorb most of the water , just switch the mode to `` keep warm '' manually -lrb- instead of wait for it to click -rrb- . then occasionally stir the rice while you wait around 5-10 minute -lrb- give or take -rrb- . once the rice have absorb all the water , you can leave it on `` keep warm '' . I like to switch the mode back to `` cook '' for around 3-4 minute so that the rice get nice and hot . the trick be to take it out before it brown the bottom . this sound complicated , but it really be not . just check it occasionally , stir it a few time , then switch it to `` keep warm '' just before all the water be absorb -lrb- 95 % or so should be absorb -rrb- . this be the only flaw with this unit -lrb- hence only 4 star -rrb- . otherwise , I think it be fantastic and it be my new favorite kitchen appliance !
88	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I have only have the rice cooker for 30 day and none of the button work . I can not turn it off or set the clock . will try to return it .
974	RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy the aroma arc 150sb 20 cup digital rice cooker and food steamer and it do everything I want it for and more . I use it on a daily basis .
495	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I return this about 5 minute after open because of the cheap feeling of the button and the just overall terrible quality of this product . do not buy !
10	RiceCooker	POS	5	excellent . cook 3-1\/2 cup very well . sleek design look great permanently on the counter . bread-baking function be easy to use and decent . do not get it as it will not kill two bird with one stone . it make rice for 3 and bread adequately , you need a larger cooker for more than three and just about any bread maker -lrb- only bread -rrb- will blow its door off . it have a really heavy bowl that be easy to clean . price be a little high , $ 60 feel right .
362	RiceCooker	POS	5	today be the first time I use the Aroma Arc Rice Cooker . I do read the instruction and follow they and the first batch turn out light and fluffy . I also use the special rice strainer to wash the rice before cooking and that be so much easier than use a mesh strainer . I use chicken broth for the liquid and add a splash of cooking oil and thus no rice stick to the pan and clean up be a breeze . I have a steamer for my wok but do not use the steamer that come with the rice cooker . I imagine the steamer work just fine and I look forward to use it while cook a batch of rice in the near future . the manual and Quick View instruction be very easy to follow and complete . I receive the rice cooker in record time and it be package very well in addition to the retail shelf box . so far I be a happy aroma Arc Rice Cooker customer and will update this review if the situation change .
552	RiceCooker	NEG	1	it work once . the rice be pretty good . the second time we use it , it fail to heat up . there be power , but the light do not go on either . I return it .
354	RiceCooker	NEG	1	it take more than 45 min to cook 1.5 Cup rice . this be my first rice cooker and do not know what to expect . I compare it with friend 's cooker which take 17-20 min to cook 10 cup which be bigger than cup with my cooker . I be 1 day past last date to return the cooker . I guess only option be to trash it .
895	RiceCooker	NEG	1	Rice cooker be easy to use for travel and cook rice fairly quick too . however , I notice two flaw with this cooker that stand out to the point I would not recommend this product for home use . as other have mention splatter be a issue . even when cook a small amount of rice -lrb- less than one cup -rrb- you will have splatter around the cooker to the point you have to lay down a few paper towel unless you want a mess to clean up afterwards . the second and perhaps most glaring issue be the quality of the cooking pot the rice rest in . after only a few month of use the coating have start to come off , this occur mainly where the lid rest on the top of the pot and at the bottom of the pot too . I have also notice the coating have come off where the cup marking be located as well . the fact the coating be end up in my food after so little use and be the pot be only hand wash be a automatic one star . due to its size I would recommend this cooker for travel use and nothing else . for home use I suggest spend a little more money for a better cooker .
271	RiceCooker	POS	5	this thing be the perfect size . it work wonderfully . it 'll make enough rice or steam enough veggy for at least two .
202	RiceCooker	POS	5	we receive this cooker from a friend when she family outgrow it . since 3 of we 4 kid be still small , it work for we . when we outgrow it , we will most certainly be get a larger one . I be usually not a one-use-appliance kind of person , but this take one huge task off my mind and let I concentrate on other thing while make dinner . 3 small kid = lot of distraction ! it do make a bit of a mess when the water boil and come out of the hole on the lid , but it be typically very easy to clean up -lrb- wipe the counter , throw the lid in the dishwasher . -rrb- I tend to buy the large bag of rice and store the scoop right in the bag so I know where it be . if you be try to decide whether or not you will use a rice maker , this be the perfect model to try with . I have also take my homemade spanish Rice recipe , dump it all in the bowl , give it a stir and let it cook . turn out perfectly .
252	RiceCooker	NEG	2	have the rice cooker for maybe 3-4 week before it break on we , try another brand I have be let down by Black and Decker many time , no idea what it be they just become faulty too soon after purchase for my liking .
726	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be a japanese brand , but product be make in China . so , can not expect the high quality that make there ... not to mention safety for you health . the cooking pot be heavy , which be good . the teflon ? which be use , I can not say the same . I have the buy the Zojirushi ns-zcc18 model , which be make in Japan with the quality that come with the high price .
711	RiceCooker	POS	5	this one of the best online purchase I have do . this rice cooker work like a charm for white as well as brown rice . since it be small , it fit on my kitchen counter . I use it at least three time a week . the three cup size be enough for two people and the rice cook be perfect . the ` keep warm ' option take over once the rice be cook . so , even if you forget to turn it off , it be no big deal . I would highly recommend it .
346	RiceCooker	POS	5	buy this item in Dec. 2009 and have be use it about two month now - we really like it ! strong even steam and very versatile . the cooker have lot of cooking option but be easy to use overall . we steam lot of vegetable use this cooker and they always come out great once you figure out how much time be best for the amount you have . Rice be evenly cook and come out nice and fluffy . the build in power cord retract into the cooker base which be a nice feature as well . the unit be easy to clean and be a good compact size which save in storage space . overall we be very happy with the purchase with zero issue so far .
573	RiceCooker	POS	4	the aroma arc-150sb 20-cup Digital Rice Cooker\/Food Steamer work best for serve 2 to 4 people at a time . if you try to cook one cup of rice or oatmeal , it can do it but you must monitor it . if you do not eat rice , oatmeal , or steamed food , this will likely be a space consuming dust collector to you . I try cook rice and oatmeal , steam garden vegetable -lrb- carrot , broccoli , squash -rrb- , and baked a batch of brownie . the brownie be make directly in the `` rice basket '' and need to be monitor . I think it would have work better with a double-batch . no hard section of the brownie . as I usually need for only one or two people , I have mix feeling about get lesser result for small quantity . it be necessary to go with this size to have steamer basket capability -lrb- my primary need for the unit -rrb- . when you cook for 2 to 4 , it work very well . fuzzy logic make the unit versatile . it be not a re-warmer . -lrb- the unit take time to warm up and require moisture . you will waste time and electric and probably not like the result . -rrb- it be not a slow cooker . accept it . the unit have be easy to clean , and I have not have the horrible pasty mess that other rice cooker make . then again , I have alternate what I cook . maybe steam between cooking starchy food help . this cooker\/steamer do what it claim to do and do it well .
629	RiceCooker	NEG	1	http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/review\/create-review\/ref=cm_cr_pr_wr_but_top?ie=utf8&nodeid;=&asin;=b002dml11k# i purchase this item to use for cooking long grain brown rice , because my sister have a smaller model that cook brown rice well . I have never use a rice cooker before . I keep change the ratio of brown rice to water after try it the way the instruction booklet say ; but the rice never get do enough . unfortunately , I miss the return window ; so must keep this item . I believe it probably work well for white rice , but white rice be not as nutritious as brown . I do not try to cook white rice with it ; because I do not eat white rice . it would help if the descripton specify that a 6-cup Rice Cooker mean it cook 6 cup of raw rice which be a lot of rice !
809	RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this little rice cooker ! it be perfect for 2 people ! even 3 . it clean so easily because of the coating in the rice pot . I have use bigger rice pot before and never have one be this easy to clean . it take very little space to store and be just fantastic ! would recommend highly and mightily , especially for a small family or for just 2 or 3 people .
488	RiceCooker	NEG	1	buy this product 6 month ago ... just fry the electrical componet out of the blue ... b & d suck ... run away ! pay for the higher end rice cooker and do you self a favor !
855	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a awesome rice cooker , and do exactly what it be suppose to : make great rice . I usually use mine to make brown rice . I use the Mahatma brown rice . my only complaint be that the instruction for the Zojirushi be cryptic and confusing . in case it help anyone else , here be how you make basic brown rice with this cooker : 1 . -rrb- one plastic measure cup -lrb- 100 ml -rrb- full of brown rice , pour in bowl . 2 . -rrb- Bowl : fill water to 1 under `` brown rice '' . 3 . -rrb- Make sure arrow on display be on `` brown '' . 4 . -rrb- Press pink `` cooking '' button . this will give you perfectly cook brown rice in about a hour and a half . if you do not want you rice to be too bland , throw a chicken bouillon cube or two in before you shut the lid and press the cooking button . I use my brown rice as a side dish , or put it in soup or even Wendy 's chili for a inexpensive meal .
5	RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be the perfect size for two people or for a small family . it will cook up to three pound of rice with no fuss at all . great product . I like be able to steam the veggy too !
844	RiceCooker	NEG	2	purchase this rice steamer with the expectation that it would produce great tasting fluffy rice , no matter the variety . and it do for a season ! but the last time I use this cute Oster product , a acrid smell come from the base -lrb- heating element -rrb- , so it be quickly unplugged to avoid a possible fire hazard . will not replace the unit with another Oster product .
209	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great rice cooker ? i have no messy spill like so many people be claim to have ? it look very well construct ? i recoment it if you live in a small house hold . i just cook for my self but its large enough to cook rice for I and my guest without have to make a second batch ? look sylish , perform as advertise , good price . . what else be important ? I read someone complaint that steam come out of the top of this cooker and they demand that no one else buy it ?? that seem so odd to I -lrb- for lack of a better term -rrb- this be a rice cooker not a crock pot ? if the steam do NOT escape then the excess water would never leave the pot after you rice be cook then you would have rice flavored goop ? so if you never have a rice cooker before and this be you first one then know this , during the last few minute of cook the very tiny hole in the top of the glass will vent the steam from excess water after you rice be full cook .
420	RiceCooker	POS	5	I have not actually use it for Rice yet , but I have use it twice for other meal . it be great .
199	RiceCooker	NEG	1	worst I have ever have . I know its cheap so my expectation be low but when it overflow even when u make a small amount of rice and it stick to the bottom be just ridiculous . and then the rice be souplike and inedible even though i do what the direction say .
570	RiceCooker	POS	5	cook rice very well and simply . two minor negative . although the pot be removable the lid be build in so its difficult to clean the lid . and the flower design on the outside be a bit cheesy . but it cook well .
585	RiceCooker	NEG	1	aroma arc-150sb 20-cup Digital Rice Cooker and Food Steamer  THIS RICE COOKER be a 10 CUP RICE COOKER . it be told to ME that it be a 20 cup cook RICE !! have ANYONE ACTUALLY measure cook RICE to ACTUALLY get 20 cup ??????? when you advertise for 20 cup you measure 20 cup of UNCOOKED RICE !!!!!!!!!!!!! SO HOW DO you actually know what you buy ??? SO be a 10 CUP RICE COOKER ACTUALLY A 5 CUP UNCOOKED RICE COOKER ????? advertise it correctly do not mislead customer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
553	RiceCooker	POS	4	receive my rc3303 today , follow the instruction to the letter , and end up with a full pot of perfectly cook long grain white rice . very pleased .
494	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be a great rice cooker until it break . I have have this rice cooker for about 7month . I make perfectly good rice last night and today when I go to make more the rice cooker be completely dead : -lrb- something like this should last more that seven month consider its only use every few week .
390	RiceCooker	NEG	2	i own this product , and it be mediocre . it make a mess on whatever surface you place it on , and rice always stick to the bottom of the pot , make it difficult to clean . I be careful to follow the instruction -lrb- which be different for brown rice which require more water -rrb- , but cook one cup only it burn the rice , though with 2 or more cup , it do not burn .
327	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I be from South Asia and we main food be rice . we do not mind eat rice 3 time a day 365 day . we cook Basmati , Sona Masuli , Jasmine most of the time . \/ I have use almost all rice cooker similar to this price wise . I be very frustrated to see its black thing come out @ the very first week . I seriously deserve another . but I do not want same rc in my kitchen again . I have national brand before before this . which be very good . non stick inner pot be thick . but I myself mishandle it and nonstick get scratch and come out . but it still make good rice and keep moisture within . I prefer National over this B & D. let I share my experience . its inner pot be so light and non stick layer be poor . Mine come out within a week and even come out the place around the lid . I handle this one very carefully Bcoz I scratch previous one 's nonstick . I even dint let my husband to wash it and handle it by myself only . but it come out so easily i can not believe . I leave my rice in warm mode after cooking -lrb- I do not pull cord from plug -rrb- , at the bottom and top layer rice be so dry that you can not imagine eat it . when you cook rice around 2 cup , water overflow all over counter . and guess what , you can not cook more than 1 cup of rice if you want to put steamer inside . no star for this product ... but give one since I can not submit without it . pathetic
394	RiceCooker	POS	5	I choose the ns-lac05 after a serious Google expedition . I choose Amazon for price , quick delivery and the consumer review . after another serious review of consumer comment , I determine the ideal recipe to be 1 Zoji cup McCann 's steel cut oats to 2 1\/2 Zoji cup of water . I set the ` menu ' to ` porridge . ' 61 minute later , I have a perfect bowl of thick oats -lcb- I prefer my oats thick -rcb- . my second attempt be a disaster ! I learn the cooker default to ` white rice ' when you turn it off . it promptly boil over spew oat milk all over . so , the machine make perfect thick creamy steel cut oats . just remember to always make sure the ` menu ' be set to ` porridge ' before press the ` cooking ' button .
321	RiceCooker	NEG	1	THIS ITEM WAS ONLY A BABY RICE COOKER for one portion not what I be LOOKING for RETURNED for REFUND PLUS AMERICAN VOLTAGE no use for UK
679	RiceCooker	NEG	1	return the rice cooker as there be no instruction include and when plug in it fail to heat .
689	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this specifically because I want a small rice cooker for make enough for 1 or 2 people . its perfect for that . I have to laugh at the review that complain how small it be and it wont hold 6 cup of rice . well duh ! it be clearly indicate on Amazon 's site : `` hold 3-cup of cook rice , 1-1\/2 cup of uncooked rice . measure approximately 7-1\/2 by 7-1\/2 by 6-3\/5 inch '' . what else do you need to know ? now , the reason I give it only 1 star be because it scorch the rice on the bottom of the pot every time I use it . I have try at least 8 different kind of rice , with butter , without butter , every possible way and it burn it every single time . the only way around this be to watch it and unplug it when it get close to be do . that kind of defeat the purpose of have a rice cooker where you should be able to load it up , turn in on and not mess with it until its do .
919	RiceCooker	POS	5	I have the same usual story of woe ; use a cheap , awful rice maker with a glass lid for year , have to deal with a awful mess anytime I just want a side of rice . I finally give in and order this 3-cup rice cooker after do a lot of research . it be as great as everyone say ! it be just deliver this afternoon , and I have already pull it out and cook up some rice . it be so simple , I do not even bother read the instruction . the truly fantastic thing about it be , I be able to go run a errand that suddenly come up without worry about leave it sit . when I get home , a \* perfectly \* cook serve of rice be wait for I . it be quite expensive , and I debate buy it because I be move to Japan next year . but I have absolutely no problem with spend the measely $ 20 to send it on over to myself . admittedly , I be only one person , and never cook for more than 4 , but I can not see this rice cooker fail to deliver for a small family of average eater . I only make one cup -lrb- smaller than the ' 1 cup ' we use in cooking -rrb- , and it make a full bowl of rice . this be the first time I have ever bother write a review for anything -- but I simply have to , because I be so impressed . I would reccomend this cooker to anyone who love eat lot of quality rice . : -rrb-
753	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I have often be quite pleased with Black & Decker product in the past . I buy this rice cooker on-line think it would be ideal for cooking small quantity of rice . it do not work . too often I think manufacturer dream up a idea , design the item , but apparently do not actually test the product to find out if it actually work well . such be the case with this wispy flimsy little product . it be too small . the fluid boil out of the lid vent and from around the rim all over the nearby area . manufacturer need to pay more attention to the result of they design . at least this little cooker be better ground and more stable than the 6 cup aroma junk on three skimpy nub that make it unstable and easily tip over .
680	RiceCooker	NEG	1	always under cook the rice , and with no control of when its on or off , you cant control the steam , unusable for vegetable , unusable for rice , very unhappy with this product
972	RiceCooker	NEG	1	we have very bad experience with this cooker , I dont recommend buy it . when we buy it for the first time it stop work within couple of month then we order one more and the same thing repeat within couple of day this time . I be very disappoint with this product and be tire of order one more cooker . the same product when we buy it from wallmart we didnt seem any issue , it work for 3 year . I keep get this issue when i start buy from amazon , i be not sure why be it so . I strictly dont recommend people buy this product from amazon .
655	RiceCooker	POS	5	if you need a rice cooker and be a one or two person family , look no further . you can not beat this rice cooker for ease of use , look and most importantly , perfect , fail-free rice . it be well worth the money .
562	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice maker prepare the best rice ever ! the timer option it have to be be able to start cooking at a certain time , or have it prepare for you by a certain time be a definite bonus ! the rice always come out fluffy and moist but not drench or super sticky , it be just perfect ! I get this as a gift for my boyfriend for Christmas and he be very picky about he rice and he rave about it and even change we meal plan sometimes just so we can cook rice in it ! I love it too though . definitely recommend this product !
408	RiceCooker	POS	5	great rice cooker . Works great for brown rice , white rice , and yes , even wild rice -lrb- actually , not a rice , but a grain -rrb- . however , my favorite dish be Steel Cut -lrb- pinhead -rrb- oatmeal . setup the ns-lac05 at night before bedtime . set the cooker to `` Porridge '' and set the timer for the desire completion time . use one zojus cup of pinhead oats -lrb- I like Bob 's Red Mill -rrb- , 3 zojus cup of water , brown sugar to taste , some raisin , cinnamon , and optional vanilla extract . wake in the morning to delicious steel cut oats . use the keep warm mode to keep the oatmeal warm for the late riser in the family .  Zojirushi NS-LAC05 Micom 3-Cup Rice Cooker and Warmer , Stainless Steel
56	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this cooker be good for 1 person serve of rice . it be too small for 2 person . the product look cute .
337	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I get this for my birthday and I use it 3 time . first two time the rice be not cook all the way , and now the `` cook '' light wont come on . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
491	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I love rice cooker . this one be go to be a upgrade for I , but it break after 2 use . I dont know how you would clean the lid properly . I like to chuck all the bit in a dishwasher and do not get to do that with this one . look for another now .
789	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this Rice Cooker so I would be able to make rice with out worry about it . SO ... why would I want to go back after 15 minute and stir ? also the steam spout spew water all over . I can do that on the stove top with out any help ! I return this item and will try again with another one .
25	RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be great !! we use it at least twice every day and it make perfect rice every single time . whole family love it !
988	RiceCooker	POS	5	buy for a Christmas gift ... she call I when she be first use it and say she love it . `` and it be pretty too ! ''
542	RiceCooker	POS	4	I didnt check on its dimension before buy it . although I love Amazon but I never understand how could Amazon be so ignorant in about product description . it not just about this product , they dont explain the specification and detail of the product as good as it could be see in google online purchase . many time I have to google the product , do its webssite , check the detail and then come back to amazon and order it . nonetheless it be certainly a very small cooker , just good enough for cooking rice enough for 2 people -lrb- if they eat normally : d -rrb- . Cooker work great . be use it for 6 month and no complain yet .
388	RiceCooker	NEG	1	teflon come off in big patch within 2 month . . this be junk , it seem pretty unsafe i have to throw mine away
771	RiceCooker	POS	5	I be a neophyte rice maker . the ns-lac05 be essentially foolproof . the instruction manual require careful reading and some interpretation but be quite usable . I have have no problem at all and be very happy with the cooker . one word of caution . the term `` porridge '' do NOT refer to porridge as use in English but be a japanese rice porridge . the `` porridge '' setting be usable but the timing be off for oatmeal .
134	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I have be use this 2-3 time a week when it finally break . needless to say , I be not happy . I only pay $ 15 for this so I guess you get what you pay for .
92	RiceCooker	POS	5	I have a aroma rice maker , and it be ok , but this zojirushus be far , far better . no crust bottom , and the rice be truly perfect . very easy to use , very easy to clean and a perfect amount of rice for a two people household . Worth the money definitely . I have a zojirushus Breadmaker also and I be sell on this brand . Superior quality and performance in both appliance .
678	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this my my first ever rice cooker and I be wonder if all rice cooker produce the same result ... very disappointing and sticky rice ? the first day i try the cooker , I put everything in and set it to go , give it it be stir at 15 minute and my rice still come out crunchy on bottom , extremely sticky , and a little dry . today be the second try . I add a little extra water to compensate for the dryness . after the 15 minute I stir continuously , and the rice still come out all funky . still crunchy on the bottom , really sticky , but not burn . as other have mention it be messy , the steam hole actually work like a whale spout and spit bit of rice and ton of water . I have to keep a towel under the cooker while it be run to prevent my cabinet from get soak in rice water .
307	RiceCooker	POS	5	I have to have a great rice cooker . not just one of those cheap one with the glass lid that almost no one in Asia have anymore , but a fancy , computerized one . so when I see this rice cooker on Amazon and see that it have a separate pot for steaming\/slow cooking , I be sell . I actually have my eye on a 5.5 cup Zojirushi cooker before , but the feature -lrb- compare to this Sanyo one -rrb- just do not compare or justify the price difference . Have have this cooker for about three month now , and have use it at least once a week -lrb- some week more , some week less ... it vary due to my schedule and pantry item -rrb- . Rice come out cleanly and evenly-cooked every time -lrb- even if I add too little or too much water -rrb- . I have be cooking jasmine rice and brown rice in here , and have be able to keep both jasmine and brown rice in the fridge for up to five day without it spoil and get too hard to eat -lrb- especially for fried rice -rrb- . I have also steamed dumpling in it , and the only complaint I have regard that be that I wish there be a better steam tray for this unit . the steam tray that come with this cooker have concave dip in it to accommodate 8 egg , and that get slightly annoying , but only from a aesthetic point of view . not really a dealbreaker ! the recipe booklet that come with this cooker have some great recipe idea . I have only try the beef rice jook recipe so far . it be a bit on the thick side -lrb- like the consistency of REALLY thick oatmeal -rrb- , but it at least give you a start point to tweak the recipe to you liking on some popular asian -lrb- mainly chinese -rrb- dish . timer function be great , if a bit confusing to remember the first few time , along with the 12-hour warming function -lrb- though I have never have to use the warming function for longer than a hour so far -rrb- . no warming function for rice porridge , but if you turn the unit off and then back on again , it will automatically stay on `` warm '' . the noise that this unit make when you food be do be also not the usual somewhat-annoying , very cheesy musical tune that a lot of other fancy rice cooker have . it be just a standard beeping noise , and not too annoying or long . overall , I could not be happier with this cooker . if I can find a better steam tray so that I can maybe steam some meal with my rice , I would be in heaven . this cooker definitely have the potential to do it all .
732	RiceCooker	NEG	2	the teflon coating be very thin and not well secure . it be easily scrap off despite only have use the supply plastic spoon with it . Rice then stick to the scrape off area , this make it hard to clean .
592	RiceCooker	NEG	2	it make excellent rice , I 'll give it that . but after 3 year of relatively light use -lrb- it spend 8 month of that time in storage while I be search for a permanent job -rrb- , the bottom be flake . not scratch , actively flake . I use the scoop provide and most of the time , I just wipe the pot clean . occasionally , I use dish soap -lrb- chemical-free -rrb- and a non-abrasive scour pad when starchy residue build up . it make excellent rice and porridge , but now I be look at drop another $ 100 + on a appliance when it should have last longer . one of my asian friend be still use she mom 's first Zojirushi and it be 20 year old ! I absolutely can not recommend this rice cooker .
268	RiceCooker	POS	5	every morning before I leave for work I 'll set the timer for dinner around 7pm with a cup of brown rice . I get to come home to fresh , hot rice cook perfectly every time . definitely worth every penny . I have also use it to make sushi rice a couple time . Perfect and sticky . it clean up super easy , too .
865	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be my first rice steamer , so I read review on dozen of rice cooker and the common problem I read about be the steamer spit starchy liquid out the top and onto the counter . the review on this particular steamer , none of they complain about it spit during cooking , so I know this be the one I want . I just get it today and use it . the rice come out light and fluffy , much better than I could have ever make it in a pan on the stove . one drawback , and it be a problem I have read in alot of review on numerous other steamer ... it do leave a thin layer of rice browned and sort of stick to the bottom of the pan . I even spray the pan with pam spray first like the book suggest but it still brown the bottom of the rice . it be still not that big of a deal . I scoop out all the rice and leave the thin layer of browned rice in the pan until it cool then just scrape it out into the trash & wash the inner cooking bowl . my biggest complaint be I pay -lrb- ... -rrb- for this steamer 4 day ago and today on Amazon it be -lrb- ... -rrb- cheapr . it be only -lrb- ... -rrb- now . I get this one off Amazon . it make I mad . why could not they have drop the price before I buy mine ? I be not a pro at steamer but I would recommend this one base on the great rice it make and it only take about 16 minute to cook it . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* UPDATE \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* I be update this REVIEW \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* my good review come from only use the steamer to make 2 cup of rice at a time . today i try to make 4 cup at a time and have a huge disaster & mess . not only do it spit starchy liquid from the top , it pour starchy rice water from the top all over the counter and all over the machine . it take I 15 minute just to clean up the mess . if all you be ever go to cook be 2 cup at a time , then this machine will be fine . any more than that and this machine be useless .
704	RiceCooker	POS	4	the product work just fine and create great tasting rice . the `` 3-cup '' title be a little misleading as you can only put 1.5 cup of rice into it . when cook , the rice be 3 cup worth . if you look for a cooker for 1 or 2 , this be great for the price ! if you be cook for a family , I suggest you go a little bigger than this .
945	RiceCooker	POS	5	we purchase this rice cooker several year ago and absolutly love it . not only could we not mess up the water to rice measurement -lrb- rice cooker adjust -rrb- but we rice stay great for 3 day . that be unbelievable !! we main diet be rice so I can say that with confidence and experience . we use ours for year until it be beyond use . since then I have be through 3 different brand and everyone of they could not even compare . either they dry out the edge of the remain rice the next day or it be soggy and start spoil quickly . all be horrible and a waste of money !! I highly reccommend this rice cooker . cost may be a bit more but worth every penny .
538	RiceCooker	POS	5	this thing be great . do everything it be suppose to . Perfect rice every time and when you be ready for it -lrb- timer and warmer work great ! -rrb- Wish I would buy the bigger one , tho .
885	RiceCooker	POS	5	I buy this base on review I read on Amazon and be very happy with the result , the rice cooker work great .
65	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be a pretty good rice cooker for one or two people , but it can not cook 3 cup of rice . it can hardly hold 2 cup of rice .
742	RiceCooker	POS	4	I use this a few time and it be just too much trouble for I . I would just as well cook the rice on the stove top . one thing it do make a nice fluffy rice , but I be part itaian and I love my mil 's rice dish and it have to be wet so I can not always use this cooker , as I have to keep it wet and keep stir . so just for I it be not the best choice . I give it 4 star since I do not want to punish the product because it do do a dish that be not promise . it really do make a good rice .
888	RiceCooker	POS	5	we family eat rice everyday . older rice cooker be about $ 500 . so I worrird about quality since this rice cooker be so reasonable . to tell the truth , this rice cooker make same quality to my expensive old one .
246	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker do everything you can ask for . it steam the rice perfect all while steam veggy or whatever else you can throw at it . we have be use it all the time and love it .
983	RiceCooker	NEG	1	false advertisement , honestly . half the size describe , as it can not make 3 cup into 6 cook cup of rice . the maximum it can hold be 1 1\/2 cup raw to make 3 cup . send it back right after open it , and find a 16 cup cooker for five dollar more .
496	RiceCooker	POS	5	the cooker do a great job and save a lot of time ! the cooker do a great job and save a lot of time !
941	RiceCooker	NEG	2	pro : get the job do con : the rice cooker make a huge mess . lot of liquid sputter and spill out , and it be really hard to clean afterwards .
862	RiceCooker	POS	5	I do a lot of research before buy this and have have it for several month now . this rice cooker be great . Perfect rice every time ; white , brown , wild , rice of any kind . Easy to use , durable , easy to clean , compact , look good , a good user experience -lrb- the designer be think when they make this -rrb- . thing to be aware of : it take a while to cook the rice - over a hour for brown rice . also , porridge in Japan be a soup like substance so if you want the non-watery north american kind you will need to adjust the porridge to water ratio . if I remember correctly it be 1:2.5 ratio of porridge to water .
505	RiceCooker	POS	5	look to upgrade my $ 10 Salton no frill model I read every one of the review on this product on Amazon and I also research Zojirushi 's website . there I find video tour that cover how to use and clean the cooker and other good information . I be hesitant to pay so much for a rice cooker but base on the overall good review I purchase the 3 cup model . I do see the concern regard the bowl flaking , the rubber liner wear out and the cord not retract . I do not know of a coated cooking pan that do not wear off after time so that be not a issue for I . they do warn that flaking be natural in the video and that the coating be harmless which I hope be true . a replacement bowl be $ 30 should you go that route . the rubber lining be part of the removable inner lid . the replacement cost for the lid be $ 12 . the complaint mention not be able to keep the rice warm 12 hour without the seal but I serve the rice when it be do so it be not a issue for I . at least this part be less expensive than the bowl which be heavy and well make . lastly should the cord no longer retract that will not affect how well this rice cooker cook rice so again not a issue for I . I have find that pull it out the full length help with the rewind . so far I have cook brown rice and a wild rice mix , both turn out perfect and delicious . it be a sharp look appliance , easy to use , easy to clean and operate . I even like the goofy song it play at the beginning and end of the cook cycle . speak of end the timer come on during the last minute of cooking to let you know when the rice will be do . follow the instruction and you 'll have a perfect cooking experience and delicious rice every time . I love this cooker .
775	RiceCooker	NEG	2	Works very well ... but it do not have the Non-Stick Teflon coating . so , though the rice on top cook well , the rice below be sticky to the interior surface of the vessel , thanks to no teflon coating . even clean become cumbersome . where in we have to leave the vessel -lrb- not the electrical unit -rrb- submerge under water for 1 hour or so , before cleaning . check for non-stick cookware before buy . really cumbersome to clean !!
662	RiceCooker	NEG	1	it look very good , but it be useless and nobody will buy this one to cook . it be too small to cook anything especially rice .
940	RiceCooker	NEG	2	buy this nifty little device two month back . it still work fine ; i use it for dinner 2-3 time a week . by little , I really mean little . for just $ 6 more , you can probably get a cooker that be twice the capacity . and the product specification be very misleading . the box and instruction manual say that the 3-cups uncooked , -lrb- i.e. 6-cups cook -rrb- . but what they really mean be for 3 cup cook ; 1.5 cup uncooked . if you be cooking rice as a staple for carb , this will not feed more than 2 regular people for a meal ; it will probably not be enough for 2 hungry teenager . furthermore , i cook brown rice which require more water than regular rice , and the steam splash out from the lid once i go beyond the 1 cup uncooked mark . just a minor gripe , but it be remind I of how far i have fall from my previous japanese cooker with a secure hinged cover . other than size and splash , it do the job good well . the size of the cooker be really a bummer for I , because i have intend to add in vegetable or fish to cook with the rice -lrb- for `` unsupervised '' cooking -rrb- . neither be it large enough for you to cook a pot of instant raman in it .
950	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I would give this a zero star if I could ! I use it once , have no problem . plug it in tonight to make plain white rice and it die after only heat the water . this be ridiculous . I guess you really do get what you pay for . I be so upset with b&d; ; I think they make a better product . I do not recommend this !
284	RiceCooker	POS	5	I be one of those people who believe in `` the less clutter , the better , '' so I be always loathe to purchase kitchen equipment that I might never use . I fear complicated and difficult-to-clean device in particular . in my house , thing that be not dishwasher safe go to Goodwill in a hurry . no part of the Zojirushi cooker be dishwasher safe , but that do not stop I from fall in love with it after the first batch of perfectly-cooked rice . unlike the pot I use to use to cook rice , this little machine 's solid non-stick coated bowl slough off any and all bit of rice with the lightest brush of my hand . it be a cinch to clean . handwash the rice cooker bowl take thirty seconds . that be less time than it use to take I to prewash\/scrub the pot I use to use to cook rice before put they in the dishwasher . what be more , the rice come out perfectly and evenly cook ; the machine play cute song when start and stop the cooking process , make cooking seem a little less awful -lrb- I hate cooking -rrb- ; the timer function mean I do not lose any sleep get fresh rice ready at 5 be when I pack my husband 's lunch ; and the mixed rice function let I throw in bit of chicken or other item to be cook at the same time . I could not be happier with this rice cooker and would recommend it to anyone who be consider a small cooker for they own family .
290	RiceCooker	NEG	1	let 's keep this brief . I use it 5 time , and it break . I miss the return window . at least Amazon be nice enough to give I a credit for the future . I rarely leave bad review , but this really stunk . I would say to spend a little more and get something that have a little better quality . Zojirushi , for example , would never break . Oster be just lucky I live in LA and recently give up carb , or I would probably be more piss .
635	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I spend time select this product as I have another of great performance . I have have to clean up the counter after every use as it spew rice mist all over . the steam hole have be examine and appear ok but the problem continue . disappointing .
157	RiceCooker	POS	5	I replace my old rice cooker with this unit , think I could cook better rice plus other food . I be impressed with the cooking performance and ease of use . I eat brown rice and it be not only easy to make , but I time it to be ready when I get home from work . the rice turn out wonderful . I mix up different dish and use the slow cook pot on some day to make chicken stew or noodle soup . great idea to include both pot . high quality and nice look . I keep it on my counter .
432	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great machine . Easy to use ; easy to clean , small and light-weight , etc. . I almost buy a different machine that I see at a local store , because the brand be familiar and the machine be attactive . however , after do a little research , I choose this rice cooker , and I be very glad that I take the time to shop a bit before spend my money .
849	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the best rice cooker i have ever own . its easy to use and make wonderful rice . I make steel cut oats every morning and brown rice every night . I just set it at night and its ready for breakfast and then put brown rice in and set it for when I get home from work . I would highly recommend this rice cooker if you a rice `` expert '' and appreciate the taste and texture of well cook rice . BEST KITCHEN APPLIANCE EVER .
164	RiceCooker	NEG	1	so I be extremely excited unwrap this small , very cute rice cooker , but it do not last for very long . actually , it do not last at all . I follow all the instruction and all the safety precaution etc. . it start cooking and the rice be almost cook when it just stop work . the light be no longer on . it officially die . I seek to return the item but after find out the international postage and handle cost -lrb- since I live in Australia -rrb- which be more than the original cost of the item -lrb- + postage -rrb- , it be clear that there be no point in return the item : -lrb-
115	RiceCooker	POS	4	I have be use this black and Decker rice cooker for two month . I have not notice any problem with it . it cook rice , stew , soup , potato and spaghetti in less than 30 minute . it be so convenient and light to lift or carry . I use it at my dorm and I hope it 'll last for at least two year . the only concern I have be that the inner coated part of the pot might begin to peel off if I use a steel spoon or fork on it : -lrb- but I will be careful and use only ceramic or plastic on it . other than that , it be a great product ! and I be happy use it : -rrb-
443	RiceCooker	POS	5	this little rice cooker do everything it say and more ! firstly , I pick it because I want to cook rice quickly for my homemade sushi roll . the instruction be a bit dramatic -lrb- translate from japanese -rrb- but they be correct and you can not go wrong . I love the little melody that indicate the rice have start cooking and when it have finish . cooking time vary but you can select you type of rice and intent -lrb- plain rice , rice cake , etc. -rrb- . plain rice cook in 45 min . it be cook to perfection and there be no mess . I love my little cooker and be happy to have make a investment that save I time and clean-up . very worth the price . I have order other Zojirushi item and these guy go all out with they design and engineering . would definitely purchase again .
741	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this product work great for about 6 month and then break . light would not come on or anything . it just die in the middle of cook a bowl of rice .
341	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be a very nice steamer . but the cup measurement be NOT we cup measure so when it say steam 3 cup it actually do about 2 -lrb- maybe be asian cup size -rrb- so this be not a good size for a average family of 4 .
952	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this product be terrible . it last 1 month and it be not work anymore . definitely not buy this product . I be very very disappointed .
360	RiceCooker	NEG	1	when it work , this be a nifty device - compact , light , and make good rice . but three time now , I have go to retreive the rice for dinner and discover that the machine switch to `` warm '' long before the rice be cook . that really screw up dinner plan . the whole point of a cooker like this , for I , be that , follow Ron Popiel 's mantra , I can `` set it and forget it '' . with this black and Decker , i can not , render it useless for my purpose . at $ 15 , it be not worth return , but I be annoyed .
452	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I buy this Rice Cooker with the impression that it be a 3-cup rice cooker but it be NOT . this rice cooker look pretty much like a toy . it be cute and all that but it be no where near a 3 cup rice cooker . it be not even yield 3 cup of rice . it be probably good for college kid living in a dorm . work okay but for some reason , rice always rise more on one side so it look kinda funny . other than that , it be a cute workable toy .
215	RiceCooker	POS	5	Perfect for a small apartment . have a 5 1\/2 cup model that I never use because it be too much of a hassle to store . this little beauty fit on the counter or in a small kitchen cabinet ... and the black and stainless model look terrific in a granite and stainless kitchen . have use it daily since it arrive . make morning oatmeal , brown rice , mixed red and wild rice , and white rice with lentil -lrb- just toss half cup of lentil and some cumin in with white rice and up the water by half -rrb- . do need to experiment a bit with proportion for non-rice grain -lrb- i.e. full amount of water for one cup of oatmeal boil over ... cut amount next time -rrb- . Wish there be more good rice cooker recipe online . great gift for a college student , young couple , or older people live alone . 5 1\/2 cup size better for a larger family .
401	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I purchase this rice cooker to replace one I have have previously . the price be right and it have the capacity I want and it even have a please appearance . but that be about all it have go for it , unfortunately . this cooker do a good job cooking the rice . I have cook a few batch of brown rice in it so far . the rice have come out well cook . better than my previous cooker , even ! some rice do get stick to the bottom , but I have a feeling that be a drawback of any rice cooker , really . my biggest complaint be its poor design . this pot be not make well at all ! all rice cooker have a steam vent , but in this case , the water from the steam vent almost seem to bubble out of the vent hole and drip down onto the counter top . while you can certainly put down a towel to soak up the water that drip down , that should not be something you would have to do , but for this pot , you really should . other issue include where the water from the steam collect . the first time I use the pot , the water collect around the inside seam where the lid seal when it be close . you open the lid when the rice be do cooking and water can drip down into the heating element 's area . I also find that water will collect in the hinge of the pot . I pick it up to go put it away after have clean it , and water pour all over my shirt from where it have collect in the hinge ! the pot seem to cook decently , but it suffer from poor design that produce excess mess to clean up . I 'll continue to use the pot until it wear out , but I will not be buy another one when it be time to replace this one , and I would not recommend this pot to anyone look for a rice cooker .
522	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I purchase this item from a local retailer less than two week ago . I use it the first time right after I buy it . I find the direction a bit disjointed , the rice be fine . the second time I use it , a week later , it just quit . the cooking process just stop and go into warm mode while the rice be still raw . I unplug it and try again , same thing . just kick over to warm mode within 5 minute . so , back to the pot on the stove and back to the store for this cooker .
490	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my second rice cooker . my first -lrb- from a different manufacturer -rrb- be a failure at cooking rice because the stuff stick to the surface of the pot . it do a fine job steam veggy , however . but then I be not look for a veggie steamer . I have no need for a ton of rice , so this little cooker make a perfect amount for my husband and I . cook like it be suppose to and stop cooking like it be suppose to . it take up no more room than it need to . I like it .
769	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I think I could trust the Black and Decker name ... not so . this useless piece of equipment stop work after two use . when I call the customer care number -lrb- the bold black number on the front of my Rice Cooker user manual that say customer service -rrb- I be tell it be a company that offer customer reward . think I have misdial , I call back ... same result . I explain I do not want any reward offer , just want to talk to customer support . they cave I a toll free number ... turn out it be a 1-800 number directory number . . not B&D; support . I give up since I do not think this item warrent any more waste time . I 'll be cooking rice the old-fashioned way , unfortunately .
412	RiceCooker	POS	5	it be not Rocket Science ! all Rice cooker be the same . put the Rice in ... add some water ... . . Voila Cooked Rice . Easy to use Rice Cooker , just plug and play . .
797	RiceCooker	POS	5	I love the idea of be able to cook different type of rice . this rice cooker allow I to do just that , stress free -lrb- for the most part -rrb- . the most difficult thing be understand the direction . the cup be for measure the rice . the number on the inside of the pot be for measure the liquid . so if you cook one cup of rice , you pour the liquid -lrb- water , broth -rrb- up to number one inside the pot for the type of rice you be cooking . it would have be nice if it list several other types\/kinds of rice . all in all I be happy with my purchase .
442	RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be great I receive it 2 day after purchase it . I use it everyday it be perfect for a dorm room or a little apartment . also , it make perfect rice everytime for one person or more depend on how much you like to eat , plus it be great price .
151	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be probably the smallest rice cooker mankind can build . please remember this product be extremely small , and most probably not what a rice eater be look for ! the product description on amazon say its a 3 cup cooker . what I realize after it arrive be the fact that it hold 3 cup of `` cook '' rice . also the cup volume be only 135cc !
954	RiceCooker	POS	5	I own a similar Rice Cooker for over 30 year and it just finally quit work . so , I select this one and I love it . I find that when cooking rice that it work best to use the package recommendation for water\/rice ratio rather than the direction that come with the cooker . I have also steamed vegetable in it and that work great too ! love this rice cooker !
867	RiceCooker	POS	4	I buy this rice cooker for my husband for Christmas . we never have a rice cooker so we do not know what to expect and for the price -lrb- and the other review -rrb- I think I would give this one a try . if there be any confusion about how much rice it would make , one look at it would be a huge clue ... but I know it would be fine for the two of we . I have make 2 ` measure ' of raw rice and it be way too much for both of we ~ even though it be design for 3 cup -lrb- measure -rrb- I doubt we would ever make that much . we love the small size and have cook brown rice , jasmine and basmatus perfectly so far . we learn that if the warmer be leave on too long it will get a little browned on the bottom so we just unplug it and let it steam . I would give it 5 star , however it do ` spew ' as someone else write earlier and I have learn to put a paper towel under it to catch any mess . I do not know if that be because it be such a small size or if that be common with rice cooker in general . however , the unit be very easy to clean . I read that some cooker have a hinge , non-removable lid and I know I do not want that . for the price , this cooker be simple , efficient , take up very little space and a bargain !
19	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this say 3 cup on the box , but inside it be a tiny 1.5 cup rice cooker ! I now have to go through the hassle of return it . completely useless . belong to a kid 's play kitchen !
216	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my first rice cooker and I do not really understand how I ever live without it . it be really easy to use . and the rice always come out perfectly . for a super fast meal , through in some veg in the steamer tray and I have get a complete meal . I be a little worried at first about the size , since I only cook for myself . but once I have rice , I find different way to eat it and I have never regret have a abundance of the stuff . definitely a win .
636	RiceCooker	NEG	1	last about 2 week . we use it twice , then the light would not turn off . we unplug and plug back in , will not turn on at all . I do not know how it happen . I have the red rival one that look just like it . last 6 year . this one , 2 week . junk . do not buy this one .
198	RiceCooker	POS	5	I love it love it love it ! I steam veggy daily , I steam hard boil -lrb- steam -rrb- egg in the shell . steam rice and meat and veggy all at one time . I would not hesitate to buy one again . I recommend this to everyone . God Bless
119	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be advertise as a 6-cup rice cooker . I have a 5-cup cooker and it be so much bigger than this one . this cooker be really only a 3 cup -lrb- uncooked -rrb- rice cooker . it contain up to 6 cup only after the rice be cook . this cooker be mislabele .
917	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be just what you pay for . it be just a ten-buck cooker . do not expect more than that . the steamer be so poorly design . steam air leak out from the edge between the rice tank and steamer . it be not a 6-cup cooker , it be a 3-cup one . so , please be cautious when you go through it . it be cheap , so , do not bother . I be just tough .
898	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I be excite when we receive we new rice cooker . delivery be faster than I expect , and the first time we use it it work perfectly . the rice be delicious , cook perfectly , and the cooker be super easy to clean . there be just the right amount of rice for two people , and it switch automatically from ` cook ' to ` keep warm ' for convenience . unfortunately the next day , upon plug it in , we find that it simply do not turn on \* at all ! \* we try everything . different outlet , another plug , clean the cooker again , double check the instruction ... it simply do not work . this be a great little rice cooker for a cheap price , but be prepare to send it back if it suddenly die on you . = -lrb-
329	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this rice cooker advertise it be a 3 cup cooker , which be what I want , but no where in the descriptipn do it mention that it cook ony 2 cup of WHITE rice , which be what I always use . it be hardly worth the effort & $ $ $ to cook 2 cup of rice , in a 3 cup cooker I might add . I find this out when read the instruction that come with the product , but not from the Amazon description . I think this be deceptive & should be add to the online description .
620	RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have this for about two month now and it have turn out better than I expect . I have never have brown rice that I like before but it turn out perfect with this . I find out that I can cook dry bean in this to perfection ! I put 2 1\/2 part water to one part bean and use the white rice setting . after the timer go off I pour cold water on top then rinse and drain . bean come out firm with skin attach but not mealy . I have try black bean and black-eyed pea this way so far with great result . a bag of mixed bean do not work as well .
511	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a nice , basic rice cooker . I have want to get a rice cooker for some time but debate what size and model to get . the size be perfect for one or two people , and the steamer addition allow you to prep veggy and other food to complement you meal . I have be able to cook other grain and bean like quinoa and lentil , respectively , with great result . one word of advice : make sure to use the cooker in a open area to quickly clean up water splatter and to avoid steam from potentially damaging kitchen cabinet .
48	RiceCooker	POS	5	Ok , I read all the review before buying , and I use this cooker 4-5 time a week for the last 5 month with 2 cup of uncooked brown or jasmine rice , and without a doubt this be one of the best value for the money ... it have some special need in use but I think they be common to all cooker . . 1 . -rrb- need to stir rice in the water before start to get the rice on the bottom wet so it will not burn . 2 . -rrb- need to remove rice pot from cooker as soon as cooker go to warm mode , as continue to heat rice will cause it to burn on bottom . 3 . -rrb- cheap wite rice have a lot of starch that really make a mess all over the cover and on the counter around the cooker , . . try Jasmine rice just a little more expensive but no starch mess , the lid do not even need to be wash when do . 4 . -rrb- pot clean easy if let soak in soapy water for a short time then just wipe out . \*\*\* when it break I will be replace it with another , we really like rice . .
975	RiceCooker	NEG	2	pro : small footprint , proper capacity for two people , quick cooking function for those time where you be in a hurry . con : it do not store rice for more than 8-12 hour without the rice get yellowed . we have a huge , ancient , dented , simple Zojirushi before get the Sanyo that could hold the rice for at least two day before it yellowed . with the Sanyo , you would better refrigerate any leftovers immediately . after a year , the Sanyo fail to work . the last pot be a horrific rice paste with dry grain on the surface . overall : it have a lot of software bell and whistle that do not help it make proper rice and apparently detract from that core ability . but hey , I like to use it to make rice on a daily basis , so if you want to use it to cook frozen bread dough or non-sticky rice with olive oil , go ahead and buy into the review here .
159	RiceCooker	POS	5	although I have to admit I have only use this rice cooker in the ` Quick Cook ' mode , the rice have come out perfect each and every time . two japanese cup provide for about 4 serving of perfectly cook basmatus rice . what impress I the most be the high quality material and attention to detail in its design .
355	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy the 3 cup B&D; cooker , it fail in two month . I chalk it off to a defective cooker and buy the 6 cup cooker . low and behold it just quit work in about 3 month ! no more chance from I for B&D; , buy another brand .
757	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a really good rice cooker and very simple to use , all you do be add rice , add water -lrb- accord to how much ever rice you put in -rrb- , and stir after 15 minute and it be do after about another 5-10 ... i use it about 2-3 time a week ...
213	RiceCooker	POS	5	this little rice cooker be the best rice cooker I have ever use . the little music tune when it start and finish make all the girl smile and the rice come out perfect everytime . the fuzzy logic timer let you plan meal on point and the pressurized lid keep it moist and hot until you want it .
300	RiceCooker	POS	5	much good for both white and brown rice . metal surface be easy to clean . no visible steam no noise , very quiet . Amazon also do good job on shipment , very fast after order . the only thing not satisfied be little more expensive , but worth to get one . my family love it very much .
902	RiceCooker	POS	5	I order this brand because my friend say its the best rice cooker on the market . completely agree , the rice always cook perfectly . the only frustration be that it take quite a while , so prep be necessary so you be not wait forever . its a very pretty rice cooker and the musical start and finish sound be cute .
612	RiceCooker	POS	4	I purchase this rice cooker as a gift for my 27 year old son . he really love rice and `` minute rice '' just be not real rice as far as I be concerned . I have a aroma rice cooker myself and think the ease of the one-touch button system would be perfect for my son -lrb- and he room-mate -rrb- . two week after he birthday he tell I the rice cooker be `` a hit '' in he house , and they use it constantly for all sort of rice , jasmine , brown , long grain , etc. . excellent value , very satisfied .
997	RiceCooker	POS	5	awesome cook rice ! and so easy to use . why do I wait so long to purchase ?
744	RiceCooker	NEG	1	it work great for the first couple of month . if you will need small quantity of rice prepared frequently over a short period of time and then never again , this be the rice cooker for you . if you be look for a long term relationship , move along .
701	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I have purchase this rice cooker almost a week ago and it just completely stop cooking . first I trust the company because they be big and they produce lot of different product in different area but this rice cooker be just a total disappointment . the problem be , it just stop work and the light be not on . I unplug it and plug it back nothing change . I clean every part of it and still nothing change . it be not the only problem . it say 3 cup rice cooker , well it be not regular 3 cup , it have this small cup come with the cooker , that cup be they measurement . my point be , it can only cook 1.5 cup of rice only . when you look at the picture carefully you will see that some other brand call `` aroma '' have a bigger rice cooker and it be also a 3 cup cooker . I buy a kettle of that brand and it be work like a champ now about rice cooker clearly I make a mistake . I just pay some money for the brand . as a result of this , I only have a piece of metal junk in my kitchen now . probably people will just read the 5 star rate message and decide to buy the product . I be sure those people have no problem with this product but why would you take that risk and waste you money eventually ? my suggestion be stay away from this rubbish ...
6	RiceCooker	NEG	2	from the very first time I use the aroma rice cooker , the switch for `` cook '' would move to the `` warm '' position within the first minute of cooking . I would catch it and push it back to `` cook '' . after about 5 use the switch completely break and I could not set it to anything . I have to say that if I do not have this problem I would have keep the cooker because the rice come out great and we enjoy it . I return it to Amazon and actually order the same one again . I guess my thinking be what would be the odds of get another one like that . well I guess I get the jackpot because the new one also have the same switch problem . I say , `` enough be enough '' and pick a Sanyo rice cooker . I do see in the review that someone else have the same problem with they aroma rice cooker , just think it be one-of-a-kind issue , guess not !
234	RiceCooker	NEG	2	read a lot of review about it die either after two week or six month . Mine last a year . in the middle of cooking grits , the switch pop from cook to warm , never to remain on cook again . so , as a eulogy , I would like to say we have good time . I would like to say I use it around 150 time . it do rice , oatmeal , grits , macaroni , spaghetti , shrimp , brussels sprout , broccoli , asparagus , textured vegetable protein , quinoa , all with pinache . with rice or oatmeal , it will shoot foamy water out the vent in the lid , but you can alleviate the problem by place the measure cup over the lid to catch the gunk . I cut the power cord and install a switch inline , pretty easy to do . leave it on low overnight will get you steel cut oats in the morning . can also plug it into a outlet timer for easy breakfast . I be really bum when it break and want to see if I could fix it , but it be hold together with some weird screw that be like a flathead but not . size be good for 2 , teflon stay intact , perfect for tight quarter . as cheap as it be , I would say I get good use out of it . I would have like to have pay more for a rice cooker that would not break . I would say this would be ideal for a dorm room , where there be no space , no money , and everything get throw out at the end of the year anyway .
75	RiceCooker	NEG	2	I use this rice cooker a few time a week for about 5 month to warm soup , cook rice , and to cook pasta . well , it be great while it last because after about 5 month the non-stick interior start to crack\/peel and that be a no no unless you enjoy chemical tasting rice and pasta . for the price it be not bad , but i will have to invest in a rice cooker with a stainless steel pot to avoid this problem .
601	RiceCooker	POS	5	just back from a month long trip to Japan and love the convenience of use the rice cooker that be in all the apartment I stay at . I decide it be a must have and buy this item base on the great review it receive . I be absolutely thrill with this rice cooker . it really be just so simple to use & the rice quality be great each time . I have to admit that I have not try use the `` fast cook '' feature so can not comment on that . if you have a small family & do not need to regularly cook more than 2 cup of rice , this should do the trick .
60	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this cooker a couple of year ago . I do not use it a lot because it seem unable to know when the rice be do and always overcook it . I have a cheap rice cooker before this and the Sanyo do no better because I have to keep check to see if the rice be do . then the inner lid warped and when I try to get a replacement the two third party part distributor on the Sanyo website say the part be not available , it have be on back order for month with no estimated time of shipping . there be no email or phone number for customer support on the Sanyo website -- no one to complain to or get more information from . it be a dead end which mean I have to buy another rice cooker when I have probably only ever use this one maybe two dozen time . very expensive rice . I be feed up with Sanyo .
288	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a perfect rice cooker for my home , since we eat a lot of rice . very efficient and elegant style . can also steam veggy while cooking rice , so serve dual purpose . great buy for the price it be offer !
42	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this rice cooker do make rice but let I say that a device design to cook a specific item should not only make it better but make less of a mess when use the traditional preparation method . it would have be nice to have this item make rice for I but I abhor have to clean up large mess like I be clean behind little kid play house . this appliance remind I of clean after child learn to cook . I still want a rice cooker but I want mine to be less mess while perform its job . I be disappoint in black and Decker . would I try this product again ? it would not be my first choice but then I be adept at make rice on a stove use a boiler so I be not in a hurry to purchase another rice cooker . I think there be something manufacturer can improve and this be one of those product . write this have make I want thai food . Gotta go . happy travels to all those who be in search of the great rice cooker !
739	RiceCooker	NEG	1	use it just a few time ... turn to warm without complete cooking ... Dont buy this item ...
473	RiceCooker	NEG	2	why do they mention 20 cup of cook rice instead of 10 cup of rice ??? they sell 11 cooker at amazon by title of 10 cup & 20 cup ... they all produce 20 cup of cook rice . why not just categorize they all by 10 cup ? also I have not measure cook rice ... but very much doubt if it be 20 cup ! another problem be , we Indians normally cook rice , rice : water = 1:2 ratio . so the cooker only cook 6 3\/4 of uncooked rice . the cup be base on measurement of a tea cup -lrb- 6 fl oz -rrb- in Asia . so we Asians can cook only 6 3\/4 rice ! aroma be confuse the customer with all they model . the 10 cup model which produce 20 cup of cook rice selling at amazon be - arc-1010 sb , arc-960 sb , arc-940 sb , arc-930 sb , arc-900 sb , arc-150 sb , arc-1000 , arc-200 , arc-1260 f , arc-730 g , arc-790 sd-ing .
858	RiceCooker	NEG	1	aroma 16 cup stanless Rice cooker I be very unhappy & disappointed with the Stainless Rice cooker . the ouside body of the cooker which have a joint & that have split within one use . -lrb- it arrive on Nov 11th & after 1st use on Nov 29th I notice the damage -rrb- it would cost I $ 35 to send it back before jan31st . I be really disappointed & unhappy with the product . the outside body be wipe with a soft cloth & at that time I notice it . Mrs Hemady
845	RiceCooker	NEG	1	just have the second one of these die after only 3 or 4 use , same as the first . a false economy to go this cheap . I 'll be look for another brand .
544	RiceCooker	POS	5	nice cooker . even a dutchman can make perfect rice . do everything promise , but I woule expect nothing less from Zojirushi . my only issue be that it be a size bigger than I need when I do not have the kid . have I see it in person first I would have go for the smaller size . it do keep rice warm and ready to eat for day . if you look for a rice cooker , I recomend this one .
50	RiceCooker	NEG	1	con : - take forever to cook you rice . - Poor build quality . - very flimsy . - brand new unit be really dent when bring home and take out of the box . - literally fall apart . pro : - it be cheap .
847	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be excellent . the rice come out fluffy and seperate . most importantly , delicious . excellent choice .
875	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a good rice cooker and be be a good value . it be very affordable . there be a few thing I do not like about it . 1 . it spit a lot of water out of the steam hole and kind of make a mess . I have to put a big dish towel in front of the cooker so it do not make a mess . but from what I understand that be the way most rice cooker be . the second thing I do not like be when I fill the rice cooker to full capacity the rice turn out perfect but if I cook a batch that be anything less then full capacity the rice come out a tad under cook . it should not be a problem if you cook a lot of rice for a family . over all a very good little cooker .
783	RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker be just the very size that I want as I be cooking only for myself . it cook quite efficiently and the rice taste just good !
38	RiceCooker	POS	5	excellent quality . ample size . great rice cooker ! no bell & whistle , just the basics in a excellent quality machine .
303	RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a good cooker for small amount of rice . 1 or 2 cup uncooked rice be perfect for this cooker .
16	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this have be a huge disappointment . Food stick to the pot ; it be a waste and more work to clean up . it ask you to stir after 15 minute , but I be resist because not require any interference be what I love about rice maker , and I think my other rice maker explicitly forbid any stir . also , the rice be not come out the consistency I like , too wet on top and too stuck-to-the-pan on the bottom . my last rice maker be the same brand , inexpensive , and look just like this but larger and it have a great nonstick pot , make great rice and other steamed food from day one , even when cooking small amount . I love the crunchy rice at the bottom and aim for it , and it always slide right out . with this pot , there be scrape , and even though the pot be smaller , when I be make a small portion it feel like a lot be waste stick to ... go for a non-stick , no-stirring-required rice maker . non-nonstick one be a bear to clean up and hardly any cheaper . do not buy too small a capacity if you have the counterspace ; I think 5 cup be too small for I , give my bigger one could make very small portion , and steam larger thing like tamale , bao , broccoli , while this there be the waste food stickage .
430	RiceCooker	POS	5	recently remarry , my new spouse and I each have rice pot and could not agree on how to consolidate duplicate small appliance into we small kitchen . for example , we each have a rice pot , and do not have room or need for both . my husband find the Zojirushi lac05 and we be able to solve we multus rice pot delimna by replace both pot with this new one . although I be initially skeptical , it turn out to be a really good choice ! the lac05 do not spit or spatter at all - it be completely self contain and have only a steam release . the internal cooking bowl be engarave with cooking measurement , and be coat ; wash up easily with no sticking . clean the outside with damp cloth . it have a small , contain footprint - it be compact and have no external dust catcher . it also sing - play different tune for start up and ! ready now , come eat ! . have a warmer that also let you know it be still on . it have different setting for white , brown , mixed rice , also do porridge -lrb- e.g. oatmeal . -rrb- we sometimes cook lentil or seaweed with we rice and it handle all that on the `` mixed '' setting . the Zojirushi lac05 model make 3 cup and it be fine for the two of we . for a few $ $ more you can get a 5.5 cup size -lrb- I assume you can make less than a full pot -rrb- . only drawback at all -lrb- if it be one -rrb- be that it be not fast . different rice take different time of course , but the point be , this cooker take about the same time as stovetop , do not reduce cooking time . but with the preset timer option , time be not a factor if you can plan ahead . I would recommend this product to anyone ! it be far superior to any of the other rice cooker that either of we have use over the year . you may think the price be a bit steep for a rice cooker , but do not be deter , it be worth the price many time over in convenience , reduce clean up and perfect rice every time !
668	RiceCooker	NEG	1	purchase this rice cooker on Amazon 18 month ago . it work fine until last month when it `` stick '' in the `` keep warm button '' on mode . can not turn the unit off and none of the other button work . the unit be completely useless in this mode and a fire hazard . contact Sanyo offer no help . they customer service say take it you you local small appliance repair service . the nearest one they suggest be 100 mile away and be only play a phone message . there be no repair instruction in the manual , so part number be not available . the unit be manufacture in China . it appear to be a `` if it work keep it , if it break put it in the land fill '' design . not a good item . do not purchase this unit .
34	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I recently buy this rice cooker but return it co it be very small than expect . the product info say it be a 3 cup rice cooker but please be aware that it be 3 cup of cook rice , or 1.5 cup of uncooked rice . most of the rice cooker in the market I have see describe they rice cooker in cup in term of uncooked rice .
66	RiceCooker	POS	5	it cook rice perfectly , and keep warm quite well . the rice , depend on the grain , do get a little too hard above 4 or 5 hour of the `` keep warm '' function , and inedibly so after 8 hour . when this happen , I just add a little water and press the cook button again . it will rehydrate the rice quickly -lrb- much faster than have to cook the rice from scratch -rrb- and automatically switch to the warm function . I cook rice almost daily , and find that the cooking time and quality be above average . the interface be very easy to use , and do much to enhance the functionality and design of the machine . I have have the cooker for a month now , and it be still work as new . other have note that it do not come with a rice paddle holder , which may be a hassle to some , but do not bother I in the slightest . the plastic paddle be textured such that the rice rarely hang onto it . the paddle then can then be leave directly on the countertop without leave bit of gunky rice behind . as a student , I have little time to prepare meal . I find that this rice cooker make delicious meal in no time at all - like a pressure or slow cooker . I have also use it to make curried rice with vegetable and chicken . just through it all in and let it cook . I be go to go for the zojirushus 3.5 as this be the one my parent own and suggest , but I find this one cheaper and more good look . and the rice be just as good ! I would highly recommend this product to anyone choosing between these two model .
576	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I agree with the other reviewer , this be not a 3-cup rice cooker . more importantly it break after only a few time use . now I have to buy a new one , this be a horrible experience . do not buy !!! 1
703	RiceCooker	NEG	2	sadly , I be not happy with this product . I read several post about it and think it would do the trick . within a few week there be a number of `` ping '' that develop on the inside of the cooker . not the removable pan but the cooker itself . when cooking brown rice I have to use less than 2 of the little cup of rice or else it boil over and be not easy to clean ! the steamer cap pop out easily but if you use this cooker regularly , like I do , it take more than a quick rinse to clean . I have have to get a toothpick in there to clean it thoroughly . bottom line : I will not buy this cooker again .
721	RiceCooker	POS	5	this little steamer be a excellent and easy way to cook rice . it come out perfectly every time and clean up be so easy .
363	RiceCooker	NEG	1	after review so many good review . I decide to give it a try . it cook very slow unless you use quick cooking . if you be use normal cooking , it take 40 minute to cook two cup of rice . the worst be that the non stick be peel off , i see some shinning spot on the bottom of the pot after several month , apparently i already eat some of non stick material . I be very careful of use the non stick rice cooker , always use the spoon they provide . it be bad and cheap teflon .
759	RiceCooker	POS	5	I have have this thing for over a year and I love it , it be so easy to use and the rice always come out perfect . it work great to make a easy healty meal all I do be through some vegy maybe a little salmon in with the rice and a hour latter I have a healthy tasty meal
24	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this rice cooker on 23rd Jan. , 2012 and it be deliver to my house on 25th Jan. , 2012 . I use it every day accord to the instruction , it work okay . however , on 12th Feb. when I cook with it again , it work normally at first . ten minute later , I smell something burning and the indicator light go out . I count the date and find this cooker work for only 18 day , which sound like a joke . I would suggest pay more and gete a better quality one .  Black & Decker RC3303 3-Cup Rice Cooker
270	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this item do not include the steamer sit on the left of picure . the discription also state include a steamer , wrong the 737-1G have the steamer . it be a good rice cooker but for $ 5.00 more you can buy the one with the steamer .
784	RiceCooker	NEG	2	really want to love this thing , but it just cook too unevenly , result in burn rice . stir half-way through , add olive oil ; try every suggestion on the other review . one thing though , it do not spray out of the pan and make a mess on my counter , so that be nice . use it three time , all the same result . it be go back , sad to say . : -lrb-
891	RiceCooker	POS	5	take it from someone who be a bachelor and make rice everyday use the 2 cup of water and one cup of rice method - boil water , add rice , turn down to simmer for 20 minute and perfect white rice ... so , along come a family and a quest to change thing up a bit and boom - I will never go back to cooking rice the old way -lrb- unless I be camping -rrb- . this rice cooker be fabulous . just a few note to pass along - if you have never wash you rice -lrb- I never do -rrb- , start do so - I use jasmine rice and simply add water to the measure scoop in the bowl , rinse lightly , pour almost all of the water out , then fill to just slightly over the line -lrb- I like a little more puffy rice -rrb- and just press the button . every time , every time , I open the lid once the finish melody play , I be a happy camper ! I read review and be happy with my final decision ... be go strong over a year now on this model . I would buy this again in a heartbeat .
616	RiceCooker	NEG	1	I buy this for the rice cooker and steam together feature but honestly would be use the steamer much more than the rice cooker . so my first try with it , follow direction to the letter ... which be not difficult since it have a automatic timer that stop when it say it be do . I use a bunch of broccoli as my first go around and the direction say only 1\/4 cup of water , I press steam and 5 minute later the timer be go off and it stop . -lrb- which the direction that broccoli would be about only 5 minute as well -rrb- I check it . not even close to be cook . in matter of fact , still cold . so I try it again and be tooling around the house not realize how much time have go by and probably 20 or so minute later -lrb- maybe more ? -rrb- the timer again go off and it stop . I check it and my wonderful broccoli have turn into a pile of mush . I may as well go back to over the oven type steam at this point . I be in the process of boxing it up for a return asap .
960	RiceCooker	POS	5	I be no stranger to rice cooker , I eat rice every day , I have have they for most of my adult life . my former rice cooker be a Panasonic fuzzy logic cooker , it be great , it last over 12 year and always make great rice , but the nonstick be flake off the inside bowl and it be time to retire it . the new Zojirushi ns-vgc05 be hand down the best rice cooker ever , the rice be always perfect , the design and construction be top notch . you simply can not find a better rice cooker , the Zojirushi be perfect .
377	RiceCooker	POS	4	pro : \* Perfect size for one or two people . \* extremely easy clean up . \* Easy to store due to small size . \* Cooks perfectly every time . \* keep the rice warm while you prepare the rest of you food or if you have mistime cooking other meal element . \* can throw the lid back on and put the leftovers directly into fridge . \* have never once boil over even with faulty ingredient measuring . \* Great spoon be include that make it easy to serve and also do not damage non-stick coating . \* I have have this machine for over nine month and its worn well ... still work great though I have use it often . \* you do not have to ever check on the rice . it automatically turn off when it be do . \* because of the clear lid you can easily check to cooking progress . con : \* this be really not fair but I love Middle Eastern cooking especially the crunchy rice from the bottom of the rice pan that be call tadig . if I leave it stand long enough the crispiness almost form but not with a thorough crunch . -lrb- this machine be in no way bill as one that be capable of make tadig . -rrb- \* somewhat related to the above comment , the machine do not keep the rice hot , hot though it be thoroughly warm no matter how long I have let it sit .
677	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be awesome the first and even the second time I use it . then it burn out and never work again . thats right , I get a solid two cup of rice out of this bad boy and then boom . `` hey , I be you amazing rice maker , just kid ... I like to break . '' anyways , it be $ 13 so I can not be so bummed but I would have like to at least get a third cup and then maybe I would 2 star it .
661	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be not a 3 cup rice cooker as it be advertise . I buy this cooker think that its a 3 cup rice cooker . when i open the package i see the cooker be small , i mean its so tiny that the rice cook in it will be sufficient for a infant or a toddler ... i cant believe how mis-advertised this be . . the measure cup that they provide with the cooker be not a cup !!! its probably 1\/4 of a cup . . a cup be equal to 8 ounce . . well the cup with this cooker be probably about 2-3 ounce ... that how falsely they advertise this cooker . . i just hope when people be buy they realize that its for they kid and not for they tummy !!!
706	RiceCooker	NEG	1	there be a number of issue with this product that make it a deal breaker . 1 . after ninety minute , the brown rice be just get do . it be only a cup and a half of rice . Lord help we if we actually want to make more ; I would have to start it in the morning ! 2 . the rice be gloppy , closer to rice pudding than brown rice . 3 . it do not cook 16 cup of rice . it cook 8 . 4 . the steamer sit inside the unit , so if you want to make the full amount of rice , you can not simultaneously steam . this product be go back . I definitely would not purchase this item .
962	RiceCooker	POS	5	I love this rice cooker . it be perfect for a single portion and so easy since it come with a measure cup and have line to indicate water level . I be asian and grow up eat rice and this cook it perfectly and fast .
752	RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a great little rice cooker . I carefully read the review before buy it so I know what to expect . it be not perfect but it do a fine job as long as you remember what it be . its sort of like a small coffee maker , great but have its limit . I make a pot of brown basmatus rice . the recipe book be pretty accurate on how to cook brown rice . sometimes those book be not as comprehensive as you might like . at the last minute , I add some veggy and let they cook in the steamer . the result be a nice ` fry rice ' without the fat and soy sauce ! yummy I add some cook organic chicken to the mix once it be out of the pot and have a great dinner . I would recommend this little cooker if you be a single person and do not want giant pot of rice .
