index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
211	Sandal	NEG	2	these be some nice sandal . they look cool , can be wear with just about anything , and be very popular . they be also rather comfortable , once you get use to stand on hundred of little bump . however , I hardly ever wear they , because I have a very hard time keep they from slide sideways under my foot . I have try tightee they , loosen they , and alter the angle at which I velcro they , but nothing seem to help keep they from become crooked after just a few step , especially if I be walk at a brisk pace . I do not know how people wear these thing around without have a problem with they slide sideways . I would not recommend they , unless you can somehow keep they straight on you foot . if you can , they be great .
515	Sandal	POS	5	love these shoe . only thing , my husband be very hard on shoe , and the sole of these only wear about a year for he .
741	Sandal	NEG	1	this be a cheap plastic ill fitting shoe , like the kind you could get at Walgreen 's for $ 6.99 . do not waste you money .
964	Sandal	POS	5	great item fast shipping . will order from again . item be better then what be showen in photo . the only thing that would make they better would be if they be free .
453	Sandal	NEG	1	these be very low quality sandal . I get these a couple of month back . the nob start shed immediately and now have several patch at all the place that matter . I have use this type of sandal previously and they last I several year . these sandal do not have the same quality . most certainly not worth the price .
999	Sandal	POS	5	I now have two pair of these great shoe . the velcro strap be essential for a old guy like I , because when I try to bend over and tie lace , my face get so red that my wife think I be have a heart attack . they fit perfectly , and be by far my most comfortable footwear -lrb- not count barefoot , which I like best of all -rrb- .
264	Sandal	POS	5	keen man 's Newport H2 Sandal  this be my second pair but these be closed toe which make it much better when you walk on anything but a hard surface . they last for a long time . I like these better than the last pair which be open toe would and have leather insole which have a bad smell . these have synthetic insole which be much better . they have great color too . I 'll be get another pair soon
953	Sandal	POS	5	after purchase 3 pair of keen Siskiyou shoe and love they for they wear , comfort , and great fit , I decide to try the h2 sandal . Have have the first pair for over a year and a half , and they be my only summer footwear . I wear they for fishing , camping , golfing , shopping , walk , and mow the lawn . they be extremely comfortable , and I just love they . I just order a second pair because I want another color . keen shoe and sandal be a little pricey , but if you shop on line you can save 20 % or more . I buy my first pair of sandal for $ 64 and my first pair of shoe for $ 54 ! the only sandal and shoe I wear be keens-stylish , comfortable , and they hold up under all condition .
918	Sandal	NEG	1	I buy these think the little adissage would feel nice but after try they the first time my foot be in pain after 30 minute . then I try to wear they again another day but with thicker sock and find that I could only last 1 hour walking in they . what I would compare they to be walk bare foot on small pebble if you can handle that and enjoy it then these be for you but if you have sensitive foot like I do you might want to buy the non-adissage .
764	Sandal	NEG	1	after eight month use as shower shoe one of the strap disconnect from the sole . crap Crap Crap Crap Crap .
601	Sandal	POS	4	I buy they because of they look hope they would be comfortable and be not let down , would not compare they to reef or Teva as comfort go but the style be very cool , seafoam green with the dark leather strap nice look .
567	Sandal	NEG	1	I buy these shoe for a Grand Canyon River Trip . I like the comfortable footbed , the rubber cap over the toe , and the siped sole . I break they in on a 3 day San Juan River trip , and they be fine . they give good traction on wet rock and work well for a 2 mile hike . then I take they on a 16 day Grand Canyon trip . after a few day , the shoe stretch and I have to pull the shock cord tighter and tighter to get they to hold my foot . the loose end of the shock cord dangle so long I sometimes trip on they . the real kicker come on day 10 . the stitch that connect the strap around the ankle come out . there be no reason for it , the thread be not worn or abraded . it look like the stitch just pull through . I notice it on one side of one shoe a stitch it back together . then I look at the other shoe and it be fall apart in the same spot , but on both side of the ankle . the January 18 , 2011 review by Tom explain the problem perfectly . these shoe cost nearly $ 100 and last a total of about 15 day . the keen web site say these shoe be design for `` hike '' , but they be not dependable . I could have be 5 mile up a side canyon when the shoe fail . a companion have a $ 12 pair of Ozark trail river sandal from Walmart , and they be still in great shape when the Keens fall apart . keen and they absolutely refuse to provide a refund , they warranty only offer to replace defective shoe . but I do not trust they shoe anymore . DO not waste your money on THESE SHOES .
75	Sandal	POS	5	this be my secound pair . I tear the other and have to get another . I need comfortable shoe for fishing tournament . great fishing shoe !!!!
832	Sandal	POS	4	I love these sandal . - they be very rugged . - the snug , secure fit over the foot and around the ankle pair with the unique toe space -lrb- see caveat below -rrb- match my preferred fit for a shoe . - the foot bed have just that right amount of cushion and comfort while still feel solid and stable . they really hit the `` magic '' mix on this . - the bolster around the heel and arch eliminate side to side movement create a very stable feel about these shoe . - the hybrid nature of these shoe cause I to reach for they far more often than my sandal or hiking\/walking shoe . have you ever try to run in sandal ? how long do it take to dry hike shoe after a wade ? now to my small caveat : 1 . it may be just that I have a abnormally tall big-toe , but I could stand just one more millimeter of space in the toe well over the top . in fact , the first time I buy a pair of these , I have to return they after a couple day because my toenail just-barely touch the top of the toe well and make I nut . eventually I find a pair that have just that tiny bit of extra space and I snatch they up . this bring I to my second caveat . 2 . you would not expect it , but the size variation across style and even within the same style be pretty significant . I be sure I would never be able to own a pair of keen because of the toe fit thing . when I find they on sale recently , I decide to have another try . to my surprise , I find a pair of original Newport in 10.5 -lrb- my size -rrb- that fit awesome with no toe problem ... but they be leather , which I do not want , and they be just the most ridiculous light green color . next I try the h2 with nylon strap . the first 10.5 be way too small , for fun I try two other 10.5 s , all of which feel like they be different size . then I try a 11 . these be too big by a long-shot . I be ready to leave when I try a 11.5 on a whim and they fit perfectly ... I think you need to try these shoe on before you buy . I buy everything I can online , but in the case of keen shoe , I would be really hesitant .
481	Sandal	NEG	1	three day after order this product , so I be not sure if the product be good or bad , but the vendor surely be something to be desire . here it be 7 day since I have order this item and the shipper have yet to give any idea when this will ship . funny there be only 1 pair leave when I order and something tell I that 2-3 week into wait I 'll get a email they be out-of-stock .
747	Sandal	NEG	1	the description of the shoe indicate they be ideal for foot with low arch . the review rave over the fit . I find however that the shoe be extremely hard and they do not stay on as indicate . never do get any softer nor fit my foot . not please at all .
469	Sandal	NEG	2	good service ... come on time ... son love the look butttttttttttttttt he be a true size 11 and I order XL -lrb- 11-12 -rrb- ... he heal be hang off the back of the sandal ... too bad ... now I have to go through he hassel of return and exchange the christmas gift what a pain ... i guess that be the pitfall of on_line shopping -lrb- sorry amazon -rrb- now after read other review I know this fact ... tooooooo late
489	Sandal	POS	5	Got these for my husband for Christmas and he love they ! we be avid hiker and have always be impress with keen footwear , and these do not disappoint . good combination of function and comfort .
345	Sandal	POS	5	sandal be great . the picture be mislead . these be green as green can be . the picture make they out to be a soft gray green . not the case . i will never wear these . exchange for dark brown .
584	Sandal	POS	5	amazing sandal . I think I be on my 3rd or 4th pair . I wear they all the time during the summer . it be the only type of sandal I own . like I say , I have be buy they since 2005 . I 'll never buy another brand .
629	Sandal	POS	5	these shoe be great !! my wife and I recently visit Hawaii . I really do not know what I would have do without these shoe . all the beach on Oahu have lava rock that be rugged and sharp . with these shoe , I be able to walk , hike and swim comfortably while we be there .
196	Sandal	POS	5	these be my favorite most comfortable shoe . great quality . great deal !! I have pay a lot more than they price .
796	Sandal	NEG	1	I live in LA and this crapp have a cult follow not sure why but they be super uncomfortable . i rather walk on a bed of glowing red coal than walk on these . they be really hard and have no give or whatsoever . I buy one and it fall apart ... i send it back and get a replacement . they be make in china and look very cheap ... not worth the $ 50 . I finally give up and buy a pair of reef sandal ... so much better ... DONT BUY THIS !
441	Sandal	NEG	1	the high and very hard arch be not right for I . I would not recommend unless you can try it on in a store to see if it be right for you .
455	Sandal	POS	5	this be my second pair of Birkenstock Sandals and the only kind of sandal I can comfortably wear . I love they .
556	Sandal	NEG	1	I find out a month a foot problem with the arch of MY FEET . the BIRKIS REALLY help . I really like this style , BUT AFTER WEARING THEM for one week they start fall apart . ITS LIKE THEY have a coating of material that be PEELING OFF . THATS why IM SENDING THEM back .
576	Sandal	POS	5	Ok , I confess , it kill I to spend $ 50 on shoe . but at 38 , and on my foot all day , plus fill in the mid-drift ... the shoe I wear in the young hottie day be get they revenge . worse yet ... at a size 10.5-11 w , I can not find shoe to fit . in need of some water wading shoe , I find a purple pair of this model -lrb- incorrectly show as red on this site -rrb- that I think be too `` off color '' for professional wear , but worthy of play shoe ... for a clearance price of $ 30 comfort to please my desperation , who could deny the deal ? shoot . I do not care if they have bright flash fuschium blinkers and a whoopie cushion to boot . these shoe rock . I live 3 hr from the birkenstock place I find they in WA , and when I head back that direction , I be clear the keen sale shelf , and buy a reg price pair that be appropriate in style for professional wear . the shoe be kind of wierd look . . but I see birkenstock as wierd look -lrb- which didnt work out for I -- very painful -rrb- . if you have plantar faciati -lrb- sp ? -rrb- problem , here be a house shoe answer . see , I also drop these shoe next to my bed so I can make it to the bathroom in the middle of the night without tear up my arch . they be so comfortable . and the shoe be breathable , but not cold , not hot , not prone to stretch with sock on , no sock wear . it be year of shoe nightmare come to a end . I have have 'em for 6 week now , weigh 235 lb -lrb- fluffy amazon chick -rrb- and the shoe look like it will hold it be own -- wet or dry . a challenge , consider size 6 , 110 lb girl shoe be make with the same material as the larger size ... like harness up a chihuahua the same as a St. Bernard ! Hope this help . these shoe be my hunt complete . oh , it appear all shoe be make with the same funky , loveable sole .
291	Sandal	POS	5	I have be wear the reef flip-flop for year . I wear flip-flop every day and get more than a full year out of one pair . they be very durable , fit great and the comfort level can not be match . the reef Smoothy Contour flip-flop require no break-in and feel much lighter than anything on my foot . I go with another brand -lrb- leather -rrb- , only want to get something that look a little dressier and be extremely disappoint with comfort & fit ... big mistake and a waste of money . only reef smoothy flip-flop for I from now on .
238	Sandal	POS	5	ilove these shoe . I get they to wear after toe surgery and love they . my doctor have recommend they and I really be glad he do . I go to my local store to be sure of the size I need , but order from Amazon because the price be so much better .
634	Sandal	NEG	2	I have friend who be from CA and they swear by these flip flop . I wear a size 9.5 in women and so I buy the men small flip flop . the men size should have cover I up to a women size 10 accord to they size chart . I research -lrb- I think -rrb- pretty well and find they run narrow so that why I order the men - its wider . yeah , still way too narrow . its like my foot just fit in they so I can wear they but it be not the ideal situation . and I never think I really have wide foot ! my recommendation be to try they on in store if you foot be size 9 and up ! and the breaking in periood be bad too - I wear they every day for a week so I think they be good . wear they to a baseball game where I didnt do that much extra walking and I get some of the worst blister of my life on the bottom of my foot ! I limp for 3 day after my foot be in so much pain ! and yes , maybe that bc they be slightly small but still . I even research further and get they wet -lrb- people say that help stretch they out -rrb- and its STILL not great !
903	Sandal	NEG	2	I suppose they be comfortable , but I recommend go to a retailer where you can try they on first . I get the recommend size base on they size chart and end up with a short end of the stick .
372	Sandal	POS	5	I have try these type of sandal and I live they . I have be use it for the last 3 year and I be happy with they . I keep buy they all the time , specially when they be on sale . once you try they you will not be able to let they go . Trust I . I prefer the black color , but brownish be fine too .
149	Sandal	NEG	1	Rainbow have the worse customer service . do not be fool by they warranty b . they be overprice and uncomfortable and require a long time to break-in . and by the time you break-in , they be all wear out and warranty be go . I rather buy some reef .
545	Sandal	POS	5	this be the 4th pair of Rainbow sandal I have purchase for my college age child ... and this one a replacement for some `` well worn '' one ! they be a great product and worth the money , yes a bit much for `` flip flop '' but these be not `` flip flop '' and be well worth the money !
740	Sandal	NEG	2	I get my fiancee and I a pair of these in preparation for we trip to San Diego . the first pair I receive be too small so I send they back for a larger size -lrb- the saler be very pleasant to work with -rrb- . the larger size still feel too tight across the width of my foot . I have small foot for a male -lrb- size 9 -rrb- and I do not consider they to be extra wide by any means . I also find my heel slip off the back . I give they a fair break in time but they never improve . they now sit in my closet unused . I prefer my sandal to have a looser fit , if you be the same way I would look else where . on a positive note my fiancee love hers and wear they around the whole time we be in San Diego .
706	Sandal	POS	5	good quality , nice model , beatiful color , really confortable . nice packeging ... nice for my mom lol . I would buy it again
882	Sandal	NEG	1	I be a great supporter of Keens . however this model be cut differently than the last two pair I buy and be not comfortable .
270	Sandal	NEG	2	I order the correct size , accord the chart provide . they be waaaay too big . as in unwearable . on the plus side , Birks be great shoe , the product be as describe , except for size , and it arrive on the day promise . I love Amazon , and use it a lot , but this one be a failure .
150	Sandal	POS	5	I love these for feeling like I be dance barefoot yet they give the right amount of slip for a spin without be too slippery . highly recommend . everyone in my belly dance class always ask about these !
498	Sandal	NEG	2	these be my first birkenstock I own , I have buy the `` knock-off '' brand before and be halfway successful ... my judgement : I would rather spend $ 10 on fake , than $ 40 + + + on these real one . they be not as comfortable as I have hear , nor be they any nicer than the fake . big waste of money . the only thing I like be the silver color they come in ...
28	Sandal	NEG	1	I be very disappointed with this shoe . the leather be very stiff and thick . I know it would irritate my foot in walk . the size be right -- the fit be wrong .
606	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable , very affordable , would highly recommend they for anyone who want a very satisfying sandal , , , would buy this item again , and again , and again
508	Sandal	POS	5	if you have never try Birkey 's . Nows you chance . Amazon.com have they for a great price . thank you Amazon.com , my daughter love they !
911	Sandal	POS	5	pricey ... yes . extremely comfortable , versatile and always convenient ... yes again . I have own a pair of these for about 5 year and use they extensively for everything from hike to yard work to casual footwear . they be extremely durable and protect you foot quite well . highly recommend !
725	Sandal	NEG	2	Buyer beware . there be quite a protracted `` break-in '' period before the sandal feel even remotely comfortable enough to wear . they offer arch support over standard sandal .
133	Sandal	NEG	2	sorry , everyone think the " lifetime " warranty be worth the money . I didnt have any luck with that . and maby luck be the key ?
802	Sandal	POS	5	at first they be to small ... I have a size 13 foot and do not know what size to get , the XL or XXL . decide on the XL , at first they seem to small and I think I make the wrong choice . after a while -lrb- a month of wear -rrb- they stretch to fit perfect . I be so happy with they , in fact I have now wear they two strait week and yes that even include work .
886	Sandal	POS	5	it have long be a dream of mine to wear sock with sandal . you know when you be wear tennis shoe and you foot get steamy , but it be hard to air they out because of lace and stuff ? or when you be wear flip-flop and you foot get sticky or cold or dirty because you be not wear sock ? those day be over . now anything be possible ...
308	Sandal	POS	5	buy this as a cooler alternative to hike shoe and\/or run shoe for a trip to hot and humid China . I wear this every day , include hike up the Great Wall ... call this a sandal do not do it justice !
581	Sandal	POS	5	I can never get enough of Rainbow Sandals . I buy one for I and my boyfriend because it be about time to retire we old one .
666	Sandal	NEG	1	because I have be rob and assault . First off , the quality be terrible . like other , the nub start pop off nearly from day one . I own a lot of adida product and this be by far the worst I have ever purchase . thanks for steal my money . second , my foot have never feel worse . the sole of my foot feel like they have be stab to death to the point that I have to ice my foot to feel better . I buy these in hope of `` massage '' my foot after run , as I be lead to believe by the product name . instead ... ouch . I would like to note that I be a average size guy . no one -lrb- well , in America at least -rrb- would refer to I as fat or obese . my doctor whine at I to drop some weight , but I be not heavy enough for these sandal to be fall apart and cause severe pain . I should have go with the callissage as I have those before , however I find the `` massage '' effect of those to be nonexistent .
37	Sandal	POS	5	it be ship to the right place after I forget the aptment # thank you for do that .
435	Sandal	POS	5	these be by far , my favorite sandal . they do take a bit to break in , but once you do , they fit like a glove .
465	Sandal	NEG	1	here 's the thing ... everyone say these sandal need a `` break-in '' period -- a -rrb- that be ridiculous , and b -rrb- they absolutely DO NOT fit a wide foot -lrb- e , EEE , or EEEEE -rrb- . these be soft leather , nice look and for a thin foot probably very comfortable . I wear a 7.5 eee . I order one size larger -lrb- 8.5 - 9.5 medium -rrb- and they absolutely DO NOT fit -- while you can get you foot into the strap , they cut into the skin between the toe , and there be absolutely no way to `` break in '' the sandle ... I wear they for about a hour and find that a -rrb- not only do they not loosen up in any way they also dig into the top of my foot and create bloody welt . these 50.00 sandal become unreturnable because they have be worn , and they have dirt on they , and they have blood on the strap . $ 50.00 worth of garbage within one hour . DO NOT believe all these folk on here who say `` just break they in '' ... they do not fit a wide foot , period . save you money .
452	Sandal	NEG	2	these look NOTHING like the picture . they be long and narrow and look like they come from a dollar store . not worth the $ 33.00
208	Sandal	POS	5	this be my 4th pair of Birki 's ... they be top in comfort , easy to wear , easy to wash . I wear they instead of house slipper because they give so much support .
594	Sandal	NEG	2	the contour bed be nice , but the strap be very tight if you have a wide foot .
671	Sandal	NEG	2	upon recommendation of my foot doctor , I purchase a pair of Birkenstock sandal . she promise I they would be the most comfortable shoe you will ever wear . well , they be about the most uncomfortable shoe I have ever worn . the arch be absolutely annoying , and cause blister on that area of my foot . I be very unhappy with they , and will not purchase another pair , nor will I recommend they to anyone .
411	Sandal	POS	5	I have three pair of this sandal . my first pair -lrb- now my bicycling shoe -rrb- be purchase just prior to a rafting trip in the Grand Canyon . work well for the hiking in the canyon , walk in the river , and rafting in the Colorado . work great for everyday wear in Florida . the only shoe I wear now though my wife make I keep a pair of Allen Edmunds for funerals\/weddings . -lrb- I will be bury in my keen . -rrb- they be comfortable , great look -lrb- only sandal I ever own that people have ask where I get they -rrb- . great arch support .
11	Sandal	NEG	1	I be very disappointed in this product and will not buy it again . I would have return they but I hate do return so I keep they and will use they for teach purpose only . they be not suede upper and they do not have leather strap . most of the sandal be cardboard , stiff and do not work well as a dance shoe . I have discourage my student from buy this shoe as I beleve the picture show and description give be not accurate .
696	Sandal	POS	5	big fan of the flop . give they a little wear and they form to you foot perfectly . very glad about this purchase .
505	Sandal	NEG	2	these be not comfortable at all . as soon as you get they wet they make the most awful squeak noise . not good at all .
387	Sandal	POS	5	we live on the water , and it seem like every man age 12 and over have a pair of Rainbow flip flop . my husband be never one to show off he toe , but I order these for he , and now they be what he put on the minute he walk in the door from work . they be durable and look good !
592	Sandal	POS	5	I advise who like to be sandal ... this Tonga Sandal very comfortable and too fit my foot . . and also to light ...
412	Sandal	NEG	1	I originally get these sandal as a gift from my grandmother about two week ago . she die around 3 day ago so I decide to wear they out and about . I live near a beach so wear sandal be a very practical thing to do , so I have worn plenty of sandal in my time . I know all type of brand and style of sandal , and this have to pretty much be the worse . as I be out , the sandal strap come apart in a completely unwarranted time . I trip because of that , and have now scar up my foot pretty good . blood similarly get all over my sandal . now , I have Hepatitis B , unfortunately , so I have to dispose of the sandal for the safety of other - particularly , my family . not much I can do about thing when I spill my blood on they -lrb- unless I want to find some way to completely quarantine the item -rrb- . so I explain my situation to the company . what do they say ? they say that they can not do anything at all . instead , they tell I to like they FACEBOOK page because I have a chance at WINNING a pair of freak sandal . yeah right , as if I be go to advertise you junk product to my friend . never purchase from this company . they do not care about you or the quality of they product . I suggest reef 's instead - actually , I suggest any other brand .
7	Sandal	POS	4	all of these positive review lead I to believe that many of they be fake . that be say I like these sandal . they have have cover for you toe so you do not jam you they on anything , they have bumpy bottom for better grip , and they feel comfortable to walk in . the one thing that I do not like about these sandal be there be only one strap ! even when I tighten the strap all the way they feel loose if I do not wear a double pair of sock with they . I think I buy a size too big but the lack of extra strap for a tighter fit be a bad idea . I be return these but I may buy a smaller size in the future .
341	Sandal	POS	4	I have a leather pair of Rainbows and they be slippery when they get wet . these flipflop be great for all situation . only have to break they in for a day and they fit like a glove .
246	Sandal	POS	4	I buy these after realize my worn out Merrel sandal be no longer build ... I be not keen fan , and I still think they look a little funny . but , they fit well , seem well make , and they feel great . I have wear they to work for a week , and walk 5 mile around NYC and I be still happy . I think my proper size be a 9.5 , and I hear these run big , so I order a 10 , and that seem right . I kind of have to work to get they on , and I do not slide around in they . the elastic lace seem to do little . I imagine they will stretch out a little -lrb- not too much I hope -rrb- and the lace will be useful .
63	Sandal	NEG	1	give this as a gift think it would be a sturdy and well make alternative to the cheapo flip-flop . manage to tear up my boyfriend foot - try to break they in all summer to no avail . they be just really not flexible and whatever they be make of rub on skin the wrong way . a waste of money .
655	Sandal	NEG	1	I buy these for my son but return they because the peg that make up the sole of the sandal hurt he foot . he will not wear they .
182	Sandal	NEG	1	I have be a fan of Clark sandal for year . would not have anything else but they have change . the strap on they top line of sandal be too long for small foot . I have a size 7 and the strap will not pull tight -- velcro pad be too short -- strap too long . I have to take they to the shoemaker to have the top strap cut down and the excess cut off . they one-size-fits-all design do not fit small . when I pay the high price for the best , I expect the best . they be no longer the best when they do not fit . -lrb- note you star rating -rrb- the bottom strap hold but will not pull tight and can not be cut down without a major reworking . I just buy a pair of North Face sandal to replace they . they adjust perfectly and cost less than my bill form the shoemaker to fix the Clarks . they be not quite as comfortable , but they fit . shame on you Clark . if you can not make my size , then do not advertise that you can and take my money . Clark , you have lose a customer . I 'll not be take again .
633	Sandal	NEG	1	order size large 9-5 10-5 I ware a 9-5 shoe these sandal would fit a small boy !!!!!!!!! Waste of money !
40	Sandal	NEG	1	since these be the most expensive I think they would be the best , triple stack . wrong . the strap be just uncomfortable and create friction burn in several different part of my foot . other flip flop do not do this . I be disappointed and would like to return they .
445	Sandal	POS	4	wear they everyday for two month in the mountain of Costa Rica do field research . Wet or dry , they be comfortable and handle terrain great while protect you foot . they do breed the funk though , more so than my Tevas do from last year 's trip , so I recommend pack some antifungal spray in you bag if you be go to be wear these in soggy condition with high humidity for any length of time . despite that , they be a great sandal and I recommend they to my student .
833	Sandal	NEG	2	just wait . I have to admit that I know I be not get official , leather , expensive birkenstock , but I have expect better than what I get . the taupe Tahiti have a nice , soft bed , comfy on the foot ... but I could not get past the cheesy appearance . not only do they not resemble leather in any way -lrb- think cheap plastic purse material -rrb- but the suede bed be `` ragged '' for lack of a better term . the edge look as if they be tear instead of cut precisely , with cheapest grade suede , and the cork bed look like a cheap knockoff as well . have I pay a small amount for a `` light '' version of Birkenstocks I would not have be surprise , but for the price these just do not look up to par . I do not consider myself super picky , either . but , have I keep these and wear they I would not have be surprise if someone think I get they in the Wal-Mart shoe department for $ 15.99 . lesson learn . I will save my penny for a leather pair of the best .
887	Sandal	NEG	1	these sandal be ridiculously uncomfortable . it feel like have a bunch of tiny knife stab at you foot with every step . these be the worst sandal I have ever purchase . do yourself a favor and buy a different model .
957	Sandal	POS	5	a great pair of sandal . I already own a pair of KEEN Newport H2 Sandals -lrb- different color -rrb- . the new one be very comfortable , a great fit and easy to care for . I feel confident when I be wear they in all terrain . they be excellent for I as I recover from recent spinal surgery . wonderful product .
310	Sandal	POS	5	the ugliest and most comfortable sandal there be . Make sure you get the right size . and the strap be a little long and I have to carve in two more hole . but overall , they be ergonomically perfect . too bad my wife will not let I wear they in public ...
707	Sandal	POS	4	I like birkenstock but I be go to have to find a nail so I can add a couple of hole to tighten the strap . maybe I miss something in order ?
473	Sandal	POS	5	as always - a solid product that should last a long time . my last pair last about four year - and I live in Florida and wear they all the time .
862	Sandal	POS	4	these shoe be comfortable , after you break they in , and provide great support if you have issue with you foot . they be not stylish but be great if you have foot problem . I mostly wear these around the house or when run a quick errand .
892	Sandal	POS	4	this be my 2nd pair of keen shoe and they fit nicely and dry quickly when they get wet . they dont slip off when you submerge you foot in the water also .
986	Sandal	POS	5	extremely comfortable sandal for light duty hiking , kayake etc. . price be very good compare to big box and local outfitter store .
726	Sandal	POS	4	I buy this because I like the product . I have have it before and about every 2 year I need a new pair since I wear they out . this product rock just like the one I have 2 year before that , and the one I have 2 year before that . I be a fan .
923	Sandal	NEG	2	I like the basic construction of the shoe however the strap rub my ankle and make for terribly uncomfortable wear .
569	Sandal	NEG	1	I be a early bird Christmas shopper and order my son a pair of these shoe from this company in AUGUST . since they be a Christmas gift , I do not give they to my son until Christmas day . after he open the shoe -lrb- loving them -rrb- we realize that they be too small . I contact the company to see about exchange they -lrb- not return them ... just a exchange -rrb- and they refuse !! I tell they that the package be not even open and the shoe be never worn but they still deny my exchange . I be tell that they have a 30 day return\/exchange policy . this policy be wrong especially under the above circumstance -lrb- item be a holiday gift , unopened and unworn -rrb- . this policy irritate I even more as I order a similar pair of Rainbow shoe for my daughter from a company call american Sole -lrb- who have the same return policy as this flip Flop store -rrb- and they take my exchange ! overall , my fault for not read the fine print but I want to make it know to anyone who may purchase from this company in the future that they extend no courtesy in any situation . would not suggest this company to anyone .
171	Sandal	NEG	1	I have wide foot and they Rainbow do not make a single size that my size 12 foot can slip into .
667	Sandal	POS	5	I use to have Mephisto sandal that appear similar , but the original Birkenstock be much better . I especially like the suede top because it be soft on my foot . the soft footbed be excellent - this be the only pair of sandal I can walk for ever in . all other designer flipflop , etc , from Banana , Gucci , etc , may look cool , but be extremely uncomfortable and very difficult to drive in . again , Birkenstock be comfortable both walk and drive - I have be wear it along all summer . you can change the sole and it be ecological too !
68	Sandal	POS	5	i find a pair of these guy\/gal shoe year ago in some resale joint and buy they for a couple buck , i wear they until they literally fall to piece for year after i buy they USED . now , in 2012 i be finally able to purchase a pair of my own new and so , give that i be a adult and all ??? i will probably pass they on to some great - ? well i dont have kid so , some great best friend i love who will then pass they on to THEIR grand kid ! LOL I love the gray color too ! they be very comfy of COURSE and for all my `` rasta '' day to come ... ill be waerin ' these -lrb- o :
416	Sandal	POS	5	this be my first birken actually , I use to think that they be too hard to wear and that I would hate they . well , give it 1 week so it fit perfectly you foot contour and I promise you will not take it off again . I spend my whole summer wear it all the time . it be very comfortable , it go with anything I be wear and it be very light in the foot . it be half a size larger actually , so keep that in mind when you order it ! all in all , I would buy it again !
790	Sandal	NEG	2	I buy these for my son 's birthday , and unfortunately , the size do not work as he usually wear a 11-1\/2 and a 12 be too big and the 11 too small . the sandal have a back strap , which we think would be great to get the perfect fit , but they just do not and have to return . unfortunately , the fullfillment company charge a restock fee . Amazon be kind enough to give I a credit on my account since it be not clear in the description that return would be penalize . we re-order the Ecco sandal from Amazon , and all be well . we realize sandal only come in full size , but the Clark just do not cut it .
142	Sandal	NEG	1	they run very small . I wear a 11 and this be not even close . give they away . nice look , even better if they fit .
760	Sandal	POS	5	excellent . . great medicine for sore foot and back problem . great price and no shipping charge ; fast delivery
836	Sandal	POS	5	the best pair of sandal I have ever own . this make my fourth pair , same style and color that I have order . I believe I get a pair each year now . excellent quality and fit for I .
219	Sandal	POS	4	great product . love the way it hold the foot -lrb- snug -rrb- . only draw back be that it make my foot sweat on hot day , my foot never sweat in other shoe . better as a fall shoe than summer .
730	Sandal	POS	5	I buy these stacy 's for husband year back and search high and low . . voilum ! thank you Amazon ! these fit perfectly , come ontime for we trip . . will always order these thru Amazon cant beat the price .
630	Sandal	POS	5	these be excellent sandal . I have not have they long , so can not comment on durability , but they be comfortable , supportive and good for moderate walk -lrb- i.e. 2 hour on dirt trail with some ascent\/descent -rrb- . think of they as a light hike shoe which can also get wet and allow you foot to breath . best sandal I have ever buy .
816	Sandal	NEG	2	the first time I wear it , it seem fun but the novelty wear off very soon . also , this be too costly
646	Sandal	POS	5	buy these shoe after a two week expedition in South America . my croc clog leave I want a more serious pair of water resistant footwear . pro : these shoe fill the void where the Crocs leave off as they provide more foot support for serious hike in rocky condition . they also provide a better , more secure fit , inspiring confidence in fast move situation . these shoe provide more slip resistance in river and lake environment . lastly , they be arguably more visually appealing than the Crocs . con : much heavier than Crocs , and less comfortable . they also provide less breathability than with the clog , especially in the ball of the foot area . in conclusion , the Newport h2 compliment my water shoe collection provide I with a higher performance option when I want to brave the outdoors in a aggressive manner . use : hiking , river\/lake activity , horseback ride , outdoor sport : volleyball , tennis , jet-skiing .
931	Sandal	NEG	1	as another reviewer report , I have a older pair of these sandal that work well for year , until the strap break off . on the newer version , the nub start break off immediately , quickly lead to large nubless patch under the forefoot and toe . they do provide great relief of muscle stress and soreness while they last . at first , the nub become painful after about 20 minute of wear - but they become more comfortable as the foot get use to they .
348	Sandal	NEG	1	I really really try to like these . I wear they for day , I stand in salt water , I try everything people suggest but these be the most uncomfortable sandal I have ever touch . maybe people see these like some kind of cave man rite of passage . you endure week of blister and sore foot to break in these awful thing to prove you be a real man ...
268	Sandal	NEG	2	Rainbow Sandals Mens double Layer Premier Leather  the color be also off black be really dark gray .
468	Sandal	POS	5	these be unlike other rainbow that be all leather ; these be soft foam -lrb- like the more common reef sandal -rrb- they be very both classy and comfortable .
502	Sandal	NEG	2	these be stretch out when I receive they . I receive they quickly , and be able to return they with no problem . they even give I a shipping label I do not have to pay for , and then receive the refund quickly .
188	Sandal	NEG	1	great concept , but poor quality . tear apart at the seem after one use ; a moderate 8 mile hike in the wood . these would be such a better product have they have better craftsmanship . definitely not worth $ 100 if you plan on do any actual hike with they .
768	Sandal	NEG	2	I be not to conviced but I be talk into get they by my girl as she hear they be great shoe . I wear they for a week or two and love they . great sandle but then the stitch start to come apart . I 'll sew they up myself . almost do not pay to have to ship they off this time .
394	Sandal	POS	4	love these shoe ... however this time one of the shoe 's toe mold be a bit off . so that natural feeling to walk with ease be not quite there in one shoe . I be hope that it will ware down and be great like the other shoe and as normal . it be a great pair of shoe . I be not sure what happen with the one shoe . I could have make a return ... but I want to wear the shoe so badly that I just do not want to part with they . I should have do a return . so ... it be my own fault not to be perfectly pleased .
830	Sandal	POS	5	they be Rainbow Flip Flops . what else can you say . they hold up better than other . they be comfy . end of story .
900	Sandal	POS	5	my granddaughter love she new sandal . she have very flat foot and that be the only kind off sandal that keep she foot in place !
991	Sandal	POS	5	very comfortable , even with my high arch , feel good wet or dry . it do feel a little warm at first with the covered toe and black color but I get use to it quickly . someone earlier complain about the elastic tie flop and make a noise ... uh , tuck it in to the lace at the front of the shoe .
356	Sandal	POS	5	simply the most comfortable shoe -- not just sandal -- I have ever own . have a great built-in insole . fit my flat , surgically repair foot perfectly . I wear they to work , to play and everywhere else . I will buy this shoe as long as it be make -- and then I will be sorry it be no more ... ... ...
338	Sandal	POS	4	very comfortable , look really good , a little bit pricey for a sandal . but will definitely recommend to those who want a nice , trendy look sandal ! I 'll most likely give it 5 star , but I be not sure yet if it be durable enough for my daily use . thanks Sanuk !
614	Sandal	NEG	2	do not buy these sandal ... I purchase a pair of these five year ago and they be great . the nob do not come off ... the strap finally break loose after three year of use . I just purchase a new pair in June and by August most of the nob be off already . they be almost unusuable at this point . I write to the Adidas to let they know that the quality have go downhill and get a ` corp-speak ' response but no answer or even willingness to admit they have a bad shoe now . see update below : recently , a friend of mine buy the Adidas Men 's calissage , with the clear nub , and they have not lose any nub in over three month . they seem to be about the same as this version , just better make nub . I would recommend go with the calissage ... if you can find it in you size . I check on Amazon and they be out of many size .
562	Sandal	NEG	2	I work on the water & for the past decade , these thong have be my shoe of choice , but over the past couple of year I have notice quality of construction decline . whereas I could usually get 8 or so month of wear out of they before the toe leather snap , the last three pair I have own have all last only a matter of week before the side snap . because I travel a great deal , I usually buy 4 pair at a time once a year . after my recent discovery of the Colombia Tango Thong , which actually come in a size 15 , & be very well make & extremely comfortable , I can happily say that I doubt I 'll ever buy another pair of Sperrys again !
856	Sandal	POS	5	I love these sandal . they be sturdy , you can go in the water with they , they have tremendous traction and I never slip with they . have be use these for year and the price on Amazon can not be beat .
934	Sandal	NEG	2	for year I have be buy the Sperry sandal for my brother ! he wear they 24-7 ! finally convinced he to get a replacement but be disappoint that I could not get the " original " . this pair , although well make , be not flat but be shape so that he heel must fit in a concave which for he be very uncomfortable . Wish they would bring back the original .
623	Sandal	POS	5	great versatile footwear . casual for the beach or boat ... can be worn as a more dress shoe with sock if desire . machine washable , odor resistant
967	Sandal	NEG	1	Adidas make some great shoe . so I think these Adidas sandal would be great , too ! the concept be intriguing : hundred of little `` nub '' be suppose to `` massage '' you foot as you walk . these nub , however , be make of hard rubber , and it be like walk over gravel barefooted ! the nub be too hard and space too widely apart to support the bottom of you foot without uncomfortable pressure ! maybe if you be that kenyan marathon runner who run barefooted and have callus a inch thick on the bottom of he foot and wear these sandal , you would feel comfortable in they . but if you foot be `` tender '' and you be not use to go barefooted , these sandal be guarantee to make you feel like you be walk over sharp object ! the nub , of course , be not sharp enough to penetrate you skin , but they do not feel good to sensitive foot ! I think these sandal would make my foot feel better , but after a hour I take they off and go back to my regular sandal for wear around the house . these should be redesign to have `` fatter '' nub . these nub be more like blunt nail ! you would not think so just to look at they , but on you foot these sandal be a different matter ! if you want to massage you foot , do it yourself or find a friend willing to help you out , but skip these sandal !
373	Sandal	NEG	1	after about two year of light use , mostly around the house , the toe strap , which be roll leather , rot through . this be bad design to not have a reinforcement element inside the strap . not worth the price .
864	Sandal	NEG	1	the last pair of keen sandal I buy , for my wife and I , be thoroughly appreciate as to durabilty and comfort , but say to say , the one we order this time be inferior in every respect . the size be mark the same , unfortunately they appear to be mean for child . the material be overly lightweight and strange , definetly unlike the one we have buy originally , which be make in the USA . Yours truly , Dennis Mora
860	Sandal	NEG	2	just get these sandal . and what can I say ? they seem to be wide enough for my wide foot . and I like the look of they -- it be something about the ` retro-ness ' of they that I find so very appealing . the problem though for I be that I have very flat foot . and the contour of the footbed do not seem to respect that . it be like walk over some kind of hill or something . I do not know why Birkenstock can not make a shoe that can do away with the footbed thing . because I be tell you , it only work if you happen to have the ` right ' kind of arch in you foot . otherwise , you 'll be in for a lumpy experience !!! and who need that !!! these shoe will be stay in the closet . or at least there be always the Goodwill !!!
804	Sandal	NEG	1	First off these sandal be insanely comfortable and wonderfully versatile . by the look of they you would think they be well make and rugged ... and the sole be , the upper however be not . the nylon webbing that look as though it cross at the ankle to provide strength actually stop just under the fake suede and spandex and be only hold on by those 2 row of thread . because of this my pair last less than a week of mixed use on a boat and on land walk 5 mile at most before the heal webbing tear off . if the webbing actually meet and cross in the ankle they would be perfect , unfortunately they choose not to do that . I would call this a design flaw but it be clearly do on purpose though I can not imagine save 1 inch of nylon webbing would make or break the cost of the sandal . at least the return policy be great , there be absolutely no problem get my money back , customer service be wonderful .
216	Sandal	POS	5	durable , good look and extremely comfortable -lrb- after a one to two day break in period that any good leather shoe will have -rrb- . these be simply the only flip flop that I will wear . the cushioning be good , you probably do not need the one with extra heel cushion unless you just want a slightly elevated heel .
202	Sandal	NEG	1	I have problem do the conversion on the size of the shoe . the size specify be very different from the american size . so , when I receive my purchase , I ` ve get very dissapointed , because I live in Brazil and lose my purchase . be carefull when buy a shoe . the correct number that response to the size 8,5 EUA be 39 EU , not 41 EU . attention on this detail .
564	Sandal	NEG	2	I buy these shoe for a 2 week hike vacation in Utah . I only wear these shoe during the trip . I be happy with the comfort of the shoe however the quality be subpar . also at the end of the day my foot really smell bad . I feel that with sandal my foot would get enough air to breath unlike full on hike boot . at the conclusion of the trip the stitch on the back strap of the shoe have come undo and be very loose . not something I would expect for a shoe in this price range . I be pretty happy walk through water in these shoe . they never come off and the grip on the bottom hold up pretty well .
942	Sandal	POS	5	excellent , sandal , I just go raft down the South Fork of the Amaerican River , do not lose they , and they still look new . I work at a Nusery , I foot be constantly wet , they quick dry , still hold they shape , and look brand new , and be SUPER COMFORTABLE . will be BUYING ANOTHER PAIR SOON . how KEEN !!!
119	Sandal	NEG	1	I buy these sandal on the review of other customer and regret it . these be the worst , most uncomfortable sandal . very cheaply make in China . Quality be unacceptable and completely waste of money . I wonder if some of these review be write by the company itself .
136	Sandal	POS	5	this lovely , high quality Sandalwood soap by Caswell-Massey be make of natural , vegetable base product . the soap be triple-milled which mean that the soap be very hard and will last a long time . the lather be mild and creamy , leave the skin lightly scented with this special sandalwood blend . this be the larger size which be refer to as the bath soap . it be darker and have a wood grain appearance . the bath bar be larger and weigh 5.8 oz . they also carry a smaller size hand soap . it be light tan and come in the 3.25 oz -lrb- 92 g -rrb- size . I have use the hand soap as bath soap and can not tell the difference -- the scent and soap quality be the same . Caswell-Massey 's line of sandalwood product have be a favorite of mine for many year . the scent be so wonderful I use bar of this soap in my clothing drawer to infuse my clothing . while this blend may use other ingredient to create the blend the primary scent be the characteristic sweet woodsy fragrance of sandalwood . Sandalwood be the name for a variety of tree -lrb- 19 -rrb- in the genus santalum . true sandalwood come from Hawaii , Australia and India . the essential oil be very expensive and the quality vary accord to the age of the tree and the species . it be naturally antibacterial which can assist in keep skin clear of blemish . the sweet woodsy aroma be calming and be use in ayurvedic medicine to treat anxiety . Caswell-Massey be America 's oldest apothecary establish in 1752 . they be well know for provide luxury personal care product . George Washington and John Adams figure among they early clientele .
319	Sandal	POS	5	these be the shoe my husband love . they have plenty of room if you have issue now and again with ankle or foot swell . he be on he foot and walk around all day . these shoe give support and hold up to daily use -lrb- or abuse -rrb- . they look nice from the outside and be soft and slightly pad on the inside . I order the wrong shoe the first time around . I need to order the one with the lace , not the one with the velcro strap . the return\/exchange be so easy . I just put the enclosed label on the box and send it to the post office . we get the correct shoe in 2-3 day . will order these again .
552	Sandal	NEG	1	i purchase the Keen Newport h2 and within the first 2 week of use the stitching start unravel through out the sandal-i contact keen directly and they choose to insult I because i mispelled a word in my response to they . if you research keen -lrb- Google : keen poor quality -rrb- you will find that poor quality be a consistent problem with they . good bye keen hello Merrill
360	Sandal	POS	5	I be in my late 50 's and have not worn sandal since I be a kid . however , my son-in-law have a pair of these and recently let I try they on while visit . I be instantly hooked and order mine right away in time for a Florida beach vacation . they be send from the vendor in less time than promise and I have be wear they constantly since then . they be comfortable and well-made as Sperry boat shoe . -lrb- I have be through several pair of those over the last 35 year and love they . -rrb- they do not slip off you foot while walk and do not irritate between the toe . I recommend these even if you do not usually wear sandal , but be look for some casual attire for the hot weather .
250	Sandal	POS	4	i own two pair , the ` h2 ' version and the ` original ' . i prefer the original , if i purchase a third pair it will be the original .
224	Sandal	POS	5	my daughter be so excite when she open she birthday gift . she have one pair of Birks already but she want a sandal . t
622	Sandal	NEG	2	I return the pair I buy - size run way smaller than normal - you be best to try they on for size in a regular walk-in store first
901	Sandal	NEG	1	Comfy , look good , but strap break in under six month on three pair so far . very disappointed and will be look for other alternative that last better .
605	Sandal	POS	5	have a pair of keen myself which i love , i buy these shoe for my dad for he birthday . he wear they hike , around the house and do yardwork . he absolutely love they ! very durable and comfortable !
369	Sandal	NEG	1	I try they on for size in the store . when I get home and walk around they really irritated my foot . I return they . my daughter have the calissage so I be get those .
704	Sandal	POS	4	the product be very good , but the shipping process be very poor . the person who do the shipping slip record the item value worth of $ 156.00 . this item be go to Canada , and of course when the item hit custom , I get charge a very large custom duty because of the value this person record on the shipping slip . I have contact the company they do refund for a portion of the duty cost . but I have purchase many item from the States and as long as I keep the item 's value under $ 50.00 -lrb- which be the cost of this product -rrb- there be no duty charge on the item by custom Canada . so the bottom line ... because of they error I still end up pay duty for a item that cost less than $ 50.00 . but on a positive note , they do give a refund a portion back , but not all . overall I will not purchase from they again .
107	Sandal	POS	5	these be great sandal . they be make of leather include the sole , which I have to have otherwise my foot sweat .
861	Sandal	POS	5	this be the third time I have purchase rainbow sandal ... they be always amazing ! last forever , super comfy , kind of expensive , but worth it in the long run !
95	Sandal	NEG	1	I like the keen concept , but they be cheaply build and unacceptable as a beach sandal . I have the black model and they have turn a dark purple . the sun or salt water may have cause the change . I wear they everyday during my Culebra vacation . the shoe be not sturdy enough to use on a gravel beach . when I hike a rocky path , I have to be careful or I would twist my ankle . my companion wear Teva sandal they prove to be a better casual sandal .
843	Sandal	NEG	1	Birkenstock Madrid Birko-Flor Sandal my birkenstock size be 37 , but when these shoe arrive , they be waaay to big . size evidently vary with style ??? Amazon be SO great . the return be super easy and my refund be promptly handle .
399	Sandal	POS	5	I be very please with my buy . it come just as describe . it be also a great price .
76	Sandal	POS	4	I buy the black premier leather double layer . pro comfortable after a couple day of break they in . durable . I have wear they for extend period in some harsh condition and be surprise they do not break . con they have a very strong paint thinner smell for about a week . if you wear they wet they will stain you foot dark black . price Mine be about 1 year old . the color be kind of fading and the leather sole be pretty mess up from water and sun damage . I still wear they because it be my only pair of sandal right now , but I be about to order something different on Amazon . it will probably be something cheaper that get the job do .
60	Sandal	POS	5	I own several pair of Birkenstocks . as always , the comfort and support of these sandal be outstanding . a add plus -- these sandal look more stylish and feminine than many of the birkenstock style . I definitely recommend they .
164	Sandal	POS	5	I be impressed . I be a little skeptical about spend close to $ 50.00 on a pair of flip flop -- especially when i can go to other place and get they for $ 1 -lrb- on sale of course -rrb- . after go to a store and purchase a pair of leather flip flop i be disappoint when the flip flop get wet my foot feel like it be slide around -lrb- not good , not to mention it feel weird -rrb- . but these sandal have make I a believer . at the begin they be a tad uncomfortable because it do take a while for they to break in -- because they form to you foot . but after a while they break in and you will have they on you foot all the time . when they get wet they soak some of the water in but they dry in minute . I hope this help -- i would definitely purchase another pair .
682	Sandal	POS	5	these be the cure for my plantar fasciaitis pain . I wear they every day for 5 month and plan to buy more this spring .
281	Sandal	NEG	1	size information not just bad , but way off . Service from Amazon extremely poor , refer I to the vendor because the item need to be return due to size ... need a size 9 , sandal order be suppose to fit size 8.5 - 9.5 , think that would be safe ... sandal be about two inch too short ... pretty bad ! have to return sandal - pay for ship to get item , pay to return item , then pay to have it ship back ! total shipping cost $ 21.00 ... pathetic ! and Rainbow receive sandal on June 13 , -lrb- confirm via delivery confirmation -rrb- ... I still have not receive exchange sandal ... it be now july 4th !!! they just ship the sandal accord to someone at Rainbow on July 3rd ... pretty poor business practice ! I have no desire to deal with Amazon or Rainbow again .
123	Sandal	NEG	1	I be charge money on my credit card and never recieve the flip flop . this transaction really suck .
64	Sandal	POS	5	I buy these shoe for both my husband and myself for a 2-week trip through Costa Rica . they handle hike through jungle , stream , ocean , rock , and volcano equally well . the toe protection be great to prevent stubbed toe , and in my case make I feel a little bit better about not scoop up a scorpion . best of all , my foot feel great and I have no blister , even after day of 5 mile hike . they be not the prettiest shoe ever , but as far as functionality and comfort go , I will stick with keen from now on !
252	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love these sandal . he be a general contractor and usually wear boot , and be notoriously hard on shoe . these sandal have last for 4 year ! they be substantial enough to provide support and protection , and the fit be adjustable , with the bungie cord . waterproof , sweat proof , odor proof . they be finally wear out and I can not order more from this site , because - I CA not see what SIZE THEY be ! even if I miss it somewhere , it should be more noticeable . jeeze . find what you be look for , they have it for a great price , but I do not want to end up with sandal for decoration if they be the wrong size !
82	Sandal	NEG	1	keen Newport Sandal  I actually wear the heel out of the sole through many year of wear . my newest keen , buy in march 2011 , suffer stitch failure on both side of the ankle , both sandal , where the back ankle strap attach underneath the logo flap on the side of the ankle . sadly , as both sandal fail in the same area , this be a quality issue . these sandal have prove to be not worth the cost . I will ask keen to replace they and if they do , I will be satisfy . if they do not , I will not shell out this amount of money for a sandal that do not last five month .
325	Sandal	POS	5	if it be possible for a bar of soap to be beautiful , this one fit . color be deep and rich , as be the lather . Scent be as describe . love the way it look and the way it feel .
549	Sandal	NEG	1	I bough these as a gift , but be surprise when the recipient mention a uncomfortable lump in the sole of the left shoe . this be something I might expect in the $ 15 wal-mart shoe , but not in this shoe which retail for $ 95 .
87	Sandal	POS	5	they be really comfortable . my only disappointment be that the color in the picture do not match the color of the actual flip flop .
937	Sandal	POS	5	absolutely awesome h2o sandal ! I buy my Keen Newport H2o 's in 2005 to go on a trip to Costa Rica for 14 day . I be in sand , rock , mud , muck , lava rock , the ocean , river , everything in between , and they perform flawlessly . Easy to Clean , Lightweight , durable , great support , Great Protection , H2o Friendly . I still wear they every spring and summer and they be hold up very well . there be absolutely no separation that I can see anywhere on they , other than `` 1 string '' that go around the side patch where the keen logo be located . and as far as the toe guard go ... it be extremely Tuff . if you smack you toe against a rock , it just bounce right back . you might feel a vibration of course , but I honestly never hurt any toe in these shoe ... -lrb- knock on wood -rrb- . I would not be surprise if these last another 3 to 5 yr , but by then I will have buy a nice new pair of Keens : -rrb- highly recommend !!
891	Sandal	NEG	1	I have only have mine for just over 3 week , and already the nub be fall out like crazy . they be all over the house . very poor quality . Adidas have go downhill .
126	Sandal	POS	5	love my berkinstock !!! they last forever and form to fit perfectly for a long time . so happy ! high quality and comfort .
74	Sandal	POS	4	I buy a pair for I and another for my wife just before leave for vacation to Hawaii and we be really happy with the result . the shoe be really comfortable and the foot can `` breathe '' . the cord to tie be very useful and they be also waterproof ! the only con be that it be really easy to get sand and pebble depend on where you be and remove they be not that easy .
278	Sandal	NEG	1	I order this pair of shoe for my husband 's birthday . he be a 10w so I order a size 10.5 think it would be plenty big . my son have a pair of Keen 's and they run true to size . well I be wrong . so I follow the instruction on the shipping label I get from Backcountry -lrb- a Amazon vendor -rrb- to exchange they for the next size up . Backcountry credit the return , but do not notify I that they received\/processed the exchange . when I call to ask if the larger size be on the way , they say since it be purchase through Amazon they would not pay the shipping on the way back . so now I be out $ 12 for return shipping , no shoe , and very disappointed at the lack of coordination between Amazon and its vendor . I will not be order anything like this on Amazon again !
857	Sandal	NEG	1	for a birkenstock slide in sandal the rating be a one . it may be 5 in all other aspect than the one I will focus on -lrb- or normal for a birkenstock sandal of this slide in design . -rrb- I send they back right away . the problem be that the upper be construct out of floppy soft suede and the material be so floppy the wearer be probably go to have to reach down every time he put they on , rather than quickly slip in the foot and go . I never get to try the softbed feature and evaluate it , which be what I be really interested in . I take a careful look at the other color hope to find a stiff material -- but could not . the amazaon birkenstock offering for softbed sandal take you to some color choice that do not say softbed , and some that do . apparently the softbed come only with the floppy upper that make they virtually dysfunctional as slide in slide out sandal . the truth be that Earth make far and away the best man 's sandal of this nature . Earth must have be take over by fairy who only make woman 's shoe . Hopefully Earth will come out with some man 's sandal of they traditional slide in style sometime soon . after all , Earth be a german company , and the culture of macho among the german elite be endanger at Earth if they let the fairy run the show .
868	Sandal	NEG	1	these be pure torture . I can only hope the nib start break down . these be only tolerable with sock . buy something else you will not be sorry .
588	Sandal	NEG	2	low-quality shoe . the bottom of the shoe will break in less than 6 month for sure . do buy several pair because it be cheap -lrb- -lrb- $ 25\/pair -rrb- and then throw each pair away after the bottom of the shoe break totally . not recommend .
117	Sandal	NEG	2	I order a pair of the contoured reef and uncontoured . the contoured sandal hurt like mad in the arch because they do not fit my foot right , while the non-contoured sandal feel great . frankly , the non-contoured do have shape to they -lrb- footb be not flat -rrb- so it be not like you have a non-supported sandal . I suggest you avoid the contoured and go for the regular reef !
423	Sandal	NEG	2	I recently discover Sanuks . I be try to locate the suv model but find only US size 7 a 8 . why not size for regular adult man . I wear a 10 but no joy in find they .
499	Sandal	NEG	2	toe strap break after just two summer of wear !!!! bought Sperry for the brand quality reputation very disappointed . . I guess this seem to be a current problem for this product though .
271	Sandal	NEG	2	very comfortable , foot love the massage from the nub . Quality have go south . the massage nub break off at a unreasonable rate . be prepare to buy replacement often once you get addict to these .
383	Sandal	NEG	1	wtf be with a 2 week break in period ? I guess once they stop torture you the relief must make they feel that much more comfortable . I have worn these for a day at a time , a total of ten day , over the past year . they still be abrasive and tight and I be throw they away . my reef have last I 2 year run , be comfortable out of the box , and be still comfortable .
597	Sandal	NEG	2	my h2 be very good on a Grand Canyon river trip a couple of year ago that include maybe 20 mile of hike and a fair amount of stress of the shoe . at day 9 the stitching begin to loosen . fortunately , that be at the end of the trip . I do not consider repair they myself ; it be pretty clear stitch all over the shoe be loosen . I get a refund and would need confirmation that the manufacture of Keens have change and improve before buy any more of they .
83	Sandal	POS	5	Ok , I be not the `` review stuff online '' kind of person ; this be the first time I have do so . but as I put my four year-old pair of Keen Newport h2 sandal on this morning , I be totally appreciate they comfort and longevity ! I can honestly say that when these wear out -lrb- whenever that may be ! -rrb- , I will go out and buy another pair . they be just well-built , comfortable , and attractive as these kind of sandal could be . my foot have be so happy !
628	Sandal	NEG	2	I have have these sandal for about a year . my brother swear by they and be on he second pair . first , they be very comfortable , and you forget you have they on . I like the closed toe design , which help keep stone and stick from get in under you foot . that say , I will never buy another pair of these . why ? they smell more than any other sandal I have worn . I be 60 + and have have my share of sandal . these be the worst regard smell . on a recent road trip w \/ my wife and brother , if one of we take we Keens off in the car , the window go down and complaint go up ! we laugh about it , but it be irritating nonetheless . sure , wash they help , for awhile . depend on how often you wear they , you may need to wash they weekly . the ` anti-microbial ' treatment of the sole be a laugh . I have have Merrell 's that have never have this problem . and my leather-insoled sandal never smell . I have read so many other complaint about the smell of these sandal , that I know it be a problem . and I do not think we need to hear about washing\/powdering we foot as a solution . the solution for I be to look for a different brand of sandal .
554	Sandal	NEG	2	the product look good and appear very sturdy . however , after break they in for a few day around the house I wear they on vacation and develop a really nasty blister\/scab on the top of my left foot . it be really sore and ugly . I do not do anything more than walk around the house and the beach . I be hopeful this will not happen again but certainly not a good first impression of the product .
191	Sandal	NEG	1	I be in the process of return the second pair . the stitch pull out in exactly the same place on both pair . the first pair make it 25 day . the second do not make it 2 week . completely out perform by a pair of Walmart Earthshoes . beyond that they collect any loose material under the toe . walk through a field of grass in seed and after 2 step they be full .
510	Sandal	NEG	1	these begin to make my foot smell in the first week and have now begin to come unstitched . do not have this problem with the first pair I have for five or more year . whatever corner they be cut now make they a rip off .
362	Sandal	NEG	2	I have a pair of leather rainbow for about 2 year , but they start to crack . I decide to try the hemp one , read good thing . they be definitely comfortable and have hold up well except for one thing ... they wreak ! I do not have dirty foot and my other shoe do not smell at all , but these thing be embarrassing . I would recommend pay the extra $ 10 and get leather sandal , you will not regret it !
293	Sandal	NEG	1	the Rainbow sandal I order be very , very narrow . I be send they back and will look for another brand of sandal .
782	Sandal	POS	4	Got these for my son as a gift , he love they . they do tend to run a little small but look and quality be great .
919	Sandal	POS	5	I buy a pair for a Kauai and Maui trip last March . I end up wear they everywhere for everything . I try they on in a shoe store so I get a perfect fit , which I highly recommend . I wear a size 10 normally and I have wide foot . these be 9 1\/2 and fit I perfectly . it be a little bit of effort to put they on and I normally do not cinch they down . if I be hike or need they totally solid for hike and the like , then I tighten they down . they be very comfortable either way . I stop notice they at all after a day or two . obviously they will not give ankle support , but for day hike with a day pack they be perfect . they be just right for Hawaii , which be so humid and muddy . I be constantly hose off my shoe . throw they in the wash machine and they look new again . they like any kind of fresh or salt water activity and they be very durable and of course very protective of you toe . I think they look very good , too . I put they on over thin nylon sock and then directly into my fin for snorkeling , since my fin have a large foot bed . just put on you fin and take off you fin . it be so convenient . the only complaint I have be that I do notice some foot odor , even though they be synthetic , after two week of daily use . I think my foot be probably less stinky than most people , but give the constant humidity and wet environment in a closed toe shoe , I do not blame the shoe and it be not that bad of a problem . you can just throw they in the wash machine when they start to smell , too . I still wear my old super durable and comfortable Teva 's for everyday stuff , but for anything else , short of backpacking , I put on my keen h2 's and forget about my foot .
343	Sandal	POS	5	I have be wear birkenstock shoe now for over 10 year very little or no lower back issue and they form to you foot . once you wear they that be all almost that you will weaqr exxcept go out dressy .
65	Sandal	NEG	2	I wear mine for half a year and have be very satisfy with general fit , comfort , and foot support . I be very unhappy with the excessive wear that they show compare to various other Clarks sandal I have own . I have worn these for walk a average of 4 mile per day on paved street and I will consider myself lucky if I get another two month before the sole wear through and break . the insole also show excessive wear and tend to attract crud and dust that soak into its slightly textured surface .
46	Sandal	POS	5	love the product , but I should have order one size larger ! of course , it could be that I be so use to my older pair of zorry , thong , sandle , flip-flop , whatever you wanna call 'em , I just need to wear these new one in a bit ! nice and snug , so maybe it be just I ! nicely make and they look like they 'll last for a long time ! I love the thick sole !
542	Sandal	POS	5	love my birkenstock sandal , my last one be at least 7 or 8 year old , and it be time to buy new one . my old one be still around but now these be my go to sandal .
539	Sandal	POS	4	I finally make a investment in real Rainbow sandal instead of continuously buy and chuck the target knock-off one . so far , I be happy . I have not have much opportunity to wear they , since it be get to be winter . but I like they , they be what I expect . my only complaint be that it be take quite a while to really break they in , which be not too fun .
460	Sandal	POS	5	my husband love these . he be a outdoorsman and be very picky about flip flop . these be he favorite ... have 5 pair .
406	Sandal	NEG	1	I buy a pair of these exact same shoe -lrb- size 10 -rrb- 2 year ago . they last two whole year and be still very wearable . I have just wear the tread off . I order a new pair with great confidence , and wait for delivery . that be where the pro end . the pair I receive in the mail be MUCH MUCH smaller , and two different size ! the left one do fit , very tightly , but I figure it be because they be new . the right one do not fit at all . I compare they to each other and the two shoe be different size . they be both marked US size 10 . I then compare they to the old one that be considerably larger and also marked US size 10 . my old one be also mark as make in the U.S.A. and the new one be from china . I call a friend that have also recently buy a pair of keen shoe from REI.com . they be two small for he as well , and he say one be smaller than the other ... keen , what have happen ? you go from AWESOME to lame in two year ? I will not be buy anymore keen product anytime soon . I have return these shoe to amazon , and can not review these as positive in any way .
239	Sandal	NEG	1	I hate these shoe . there be just painful . I think the rubber nub be soft , but they be very very hard . it be like walk on spike . it be a little less painful wear sock , but those spike make these sandal useless .
223	Sandal	POS	5	these flip flop be tight at first , then mold to you foot for a custom fit . they be perfectly padded and really comfortable after a day or so just wear they around the house . they look good ; not fancy , but not `` ratty '' at all . they be just cool , casual flip flop that make you feel like you be barefoot . I research stuff for a long time before I ever buy , and I be very happy with these -lrb- I get the dark brown -rrb- I be in my 20 's and a very active person and wear they in all sort of place : beach , climb , tour , I have even bike in they . if you be a dude , look for a pair of flip flop , buy these and stop look . also , you can not beat they warranty -lrb- if anything break before you wear through a layer of the shoe , they replace they -lrb- -- might double check that before you buy , but that be what the tag say on mine -rrb- .
722	Sandal	NEG	1	we like the idea of these massage sandal . however , they be poorly design because the tiny massaging peg come loose and break off not long after we start use they . my wife and I be not overweight people -lrb- athletic build -rrb- and only use these sandal around the house -lrb- not for hight impact activity -rrb- . we be both very disappointed with this product from a name brand company like Adidas . we would not recommend this product for anyone since they begin break so soon .
749	Sandal	NEG	2	these sandal look nice and appear to be good quality . sadly they strap on top be sooo tight that I can barely fit my foot into the sandal . only purchase if you have thin foot .
329	Sandal	NEG	1	I have own these sandal for a couple of year now . they may be a excellent dry-hiker sandal but they be not good in mixed environment . I have find that the sole of these sandal become a almost frictionless surface on moist rock , stair , etc. . I take a bad fall in a tidal pool in Costa Rica two year ago and almost lose it on some wet stair next to a swimming pool in Rio this year . I know , it take I some time to learn a lesson . thus , if you intend to get these for water\/boating shoe , you need to look for something with a Vibram sole or some soft material , not these !
255	Sandal	NEG	2	for the first week of wear this sandal the center toe-holder -lrb- the one that fall between the big-toe and second toe -rrb- chafe and destroy my foot . it do not align my foot correctly along the sole so my heel would often hang over the inner side of it . my roommate tell I , `` oh yeah , the toe-holder wear in after a while and the alignment work itself out . '' I have be wear they now for about six month now , and they have improve to a degree . I definitely will not buy another pair of they . Summary : Overpriced , stylish , and uncomfortable .
41	Sandal	POS	5	Great buy ! these sandal have last over four year now and honestly have a couple more in they . I would recommend these to anyone look for nice leather sandal .
195	Sandal	NEG	1	they be my size in length , but so short in height at toe , that they smash my toe and they be very heavy for a sport shoe . I buy Sperrys and love they .
778	Sandal	NEG	1	do not by this product . five day after I buy it , I go to my friend house and leave it outside under the sun for about 2 hour -lrb- about 90 degree -rrb- . it melt and deform . it be a bad product from Adidas . I hope they improve this product soon
590	Sandal	NEG	2	I usually like birkenstock , but would not recommend purchase they on line . the one I buy be too wide . you should always try they on before you buy they . I know my size from previous pair , so I order the size I always wear - yet this pair be not nearly as comfortable as the one I have purchase in the store .
867	Sandal	POS	5	I have use this sandal for hike , walk dry or in the rain , run , and bicycling , it handle everything ! never get a blister , and they feel so comfortable , even better than my Nike Airs , its amazing . I wear these the whole day my foot never experience any irritation , they be just great ! keen # 1 !
920	Sandal	NEG	1	this shoe feel like they should sell for $ 10 . I be throw they away . uncomfortable .
763	Sandal	NEG	1	I read all the review . I know there be a extended break in period on these . but I order these the same time as some reef and the reef fit instantly out of the box . the strap on these be super tight and even wear around the house be uncomfortable . so I return they . . be $ 59 make the decision easier to return as well . oh and they there be no free return shipping from these guy . . I have to pay $ 10 to ship myself .
880	Sandal	POS	5	I plan on wear this show hike in Costa Rica . I will update this review with my experience . I want a hike shoe that could dry quickly in a humid jungle environment , offer foot protection from thorn , and offer decent sole support . about the shoe : this be really a sandal with a proper hiking sole . I be surprise by how heavy duty the sole be - nearly a inch thick , and with greater cushioning than any tennis shoe . the sole perform wonderfully well whether you be carry a 20 lb pack or walk around with no weight . the upper be extremely well construct . it will not break and be build to last . see other review for the durability of the shoe - one reviewer log 1200 mile in these . could not be happier with a shoe for hike .
909	Sandal	NEG	1	no slam on this seller . do not pay extra money for this product because the manufacturer will not honor the `` lifetime '' warranty offer as a selling point on all other Rainbow Sandals . buy the Rainbow Sandals for my husband at a pricey beach store and seriously overpay , but they fit well and come with a `` lifetime '' warranty . do not believe it and do not bother to pay shipping to have defective shoe send to the manufacturer . the shoe we return be two year old and be clearly delaminate and all we get be a gee sorry letter state if we want the defective shoe back we would have to pay for return postage . . the delamination be never mention . this product be not worth the xtra $ $ . the warranty be bogus !
