index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
99	Vacuum	POS	4	I be happy with the Oreck XL - it be lightweight and suck up all the dirt ... my only complaint be that when you pull the vacuum back toward you , the wheel make a very unpleasant sound . maybe this will stop when the vacuum be `` break in '' but right now it be quite annoying .
410	Vacuum	POS	4	I receive Black & Decker pav1200w 12-volt Cyclonic-Action Automotive Pivoting-Nose Handheld Vacuum Cleaner in very good condition , it be work well , but upholstery brush which suppose to be include be not in the package . package be not break or damage , may be seller forget to put it inside . I try to contact with customer service . they send I e-mail with apology , they will check in they stock of the vacuum and see if they have this brush in they kit . they will send I a brush if they do , also they promise contact with I later but they do not ! I do not send this vacuum back because we need it and already start to use it . hopefully I will recieve miss brush , otherwise this be a good item !
791	Vacuum	NEG	1	I buy one of these as a gift for my mother who have be use a B&D; CFV1200 for 8 year without any problem -lrb- even the battery still hold a charge for a 10 minute vacuum -rrb- . anyway , I think the psv1800 would be a leap forward in technology , efficiency and usefulness . possibly it be if it work . the one I purchase have two problem right out-of-the-box : 1 . the on\/off switch do not work at all , it do not even budge ; 2 . the charger base led -lrb- and possibly the charger -rrb- do not work . on another note who know , since the unit can not be switch on . of course , the typical run around with B&D; . it use to be that american company be superior to other . the product be also better . B&D; be definitely a american icon or use to be . how can a company pack a vacuum cleaner without check to see if it work ?! they do put a plastic block device on the switch so it would not switch on accidentally but then how could it if the switch do not even budge ? anyway , on a positive note : Amazon.com do try to help but in this specific case could not . so I be drop Black & Decker from my list of Favs and be push Amazon.com up by another notch . thank goodness there still be good american company in the age when Chevy 's be make off-shore !
88	Vacuum	NEG	2	well I should of known better when order this because it be a 50\/50 split on the negative and positive review . but I take a chance and order it . basically everyone who say this lack power be 100 % correct . the suction on this be not just weak but practically non existent . it sure sound like it will do something by all the noise it make but it would hardly even pick up a hole punch disc -lrb- the little circle you empty out of a hole punch -rrb- I even try a test to see if it would work and of course it fail . I just sprinkle a tiny bit of flour on my counter to see if it would suck it up . well no it sure do not . but all the air blow from the side vent blow it around all over the kitchen . LOL thankfully this be not expensive cuz if it be it would be go straight back . it be not the seller 's fault as they do not make the product . its Dirt Devil .
879	Vacuum	POS	4	I do have to say this be one of the best vacuum I have use as far as suction . I do not know my carpet have nap until I use this one . this model have such good review that I purchase it in spite of it not have a few feature I usually prefer think it do not matter . it do matter and if I have it to do over again , I would have choose a vacuum with those feature . pro : ~ great suction , even use a extra long hose . ~ long cord allow I to vacuum entire apartment without stop to unplug and replug in each room con : ~ the edge of the vacuum only pick on up the right side . there be about a 5 '' strip that do not pick up on the left side . I figure I would just turn the vacuum around for the left side . that be not always possible or be very difficult depend on wall and furniture arrangement . ~ no front light . do not think that matter , but after use one without it , it really do help to have that light show what be in front of the vacuum . ~ LOL , the long cord - sometimes get tangled and a lot to round up . but it be worth it to be able to reach without have to unplug and replug . ~ do not come with the hose that go out the back -lrb- unless you somehow disconnect and reattach the hose on the unit ??? - I could not figure that one out -rrb- so I order a extra long one . Wish I go with 5 foot but I want to be sure I could reach the ceiling for bug . it be a pain to store and use , but it do work and it be always long enough ! on my budget , it be not worth re-invest in a new vacuum and this one do work well . I just wish I have get one with suction on both side , a light in front , and a shorter hose .
80	Vacuum	NEG	1	I price the Eureka Boss Bagged Upright Vacuum Cleaner , 4870SZ here on Amazon and other site . I decide on the Pet Lover one . I have no problem with refurbish thing when do properly , so I opt for the cheaper price . I price the refurbish one that include the Pet Paw - order the cheapest price one and wait for delivery . my old vacuum become history about two , nearly three week ago . decide to shop for a decent one instead of buy something last minute at a local store . after get a bad egg -lrb- first one do not work , after a good bit of phone time , a second reburbished be mail to I -rrb- it be just refreshing to get a vacuum that work . and it work extremely well . get more dog hair off my floor than any other vacuum . still not all , small straight chihuahua hair seem to glue itself into the rug , but much more than any other we have ever own . and without repeatedly go over the same area at that . do move the rug when vacuum they if not careful . and make sure the switch on the bottom -lrb- bare floor\/carpet -rrb- after release the handle - every time - be quiet annoying . but so far it be worth the money we pay . do not know about the hassle that it take to get it yet though .
689	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a very small vacuum cleaner but it have very good suction and power plus a very long cord . it be light enough to carry upstairs . I have a small hoover vacuum year ago but when it die , I have a hard time find a powerful little vacuum . this one fit the bill . I be very pleased with my purchase . highly recommend this vacuum .
454	Vacuum	NEG	2	mouth be TOO SMALL , WEAK MOTOR , TOO SIMPLE and where you roll the cord be in WRONG PLACE , should be BEHIND , NOT at the SIDE . and RETURN be DIFICULT , SO BETTER keep it for antigue . of course , if you do not turn on you car , do not work . its not good at all , its a waist money . do not buy . no sirve , no funciona , no pierda tu dinero .
787	Vacuum	NEG	2	I be so po would I waste $ 57 on this . I buy this to dust around the comp. , phone , printer , etc. on the desk and because it get a 4 star rating on 85 hit . let that be a lesson . I agree with the bad review . short run time , long charge time , plus ergonomically awkward to use . I put a shoulder strap on it -lrb- need a hand free to move stuff -rrb- and a better brush head but the short run time -lrb- 5 min ? -rrb- and long charge time -lrb- every time , not just the first time -rrb- still make it a bust . build quality seem good so maybe it 'll work for someone with different need than I . in they defense , I have a B&D; Dustbuster floor vac that I love and run 4 time longer even with the powerhead go .
488	Vacuum	POS	4	have own it for several week now , so far so good . I be hear little thing get pick up that I have never hear before , and we vacuum somewhat regularly -lrb- at least 1-2x per week -rrb- . do not stink or smell like dust so the description of it be a good one for allergy seem to hold up . overall , a good buy for under $ 120 through amazon.com Retail price be closer to $ 200 , but then again , no store carry it within 30mus of we location .
812	Vacuum	NEG	2	I buy this vacuum due largely to the good review see on Amazon . when I get it , I be surprise to find that there be no wheel on it and you be suppose to carry it on you shoulder . a few week ago my two year old sneak behind I while I be vacuum and the vacuum -lrb- which be hang off of my shoulder -rrb- knock he in the forehead leave a good bruise . I try call Plexsupply which be the company that ship it to I and they will not let I return it because it be after they 30 day return policy . I do not recommend use this vacuum or the company Plexsupply .
854	Vacuum	POS	5	I have own this same unit for more than 7 year with 2 household use it weekly and the motor go out just in Feb. 2011 . lucky for I I be able to find the same model on Amazom.com so I jump on it asap . head up this be not the most quite of unit . Lady Lee
941	Vacuum	NEG	2	I almost purchase this vacuum , but I could not find replacement bag for it anywhere . sound like a great vacuum , but I need the bag to make it work . now I will have to purchase a substandard vacuum of which I can find readily available part .
496	Vacuum	POS	4	i compare this product with the major retailer , the product be cheeper by 20 buck and work very well . I be happy with the product . unfortunately i dont use it any more ; move in a tile location . .
355	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum suck and I do not mean that in a good way . this vacuum drain you battery if use for over 30 min . we buy the recommend a\/c adaptor which do not work with this vacuum . this be purchase for we service tech and it be a lose . I do not recommend .
59	Vacuum	NEG	1	battery life be horrible . . I be not sure what the folk that like it be use it for . . the filter seem to clog really easily and I can hardly get mine to pick up a piece of popcorn , its pretty useless . . the Eureka hand hold vacuum 71b be a bizzilion time better . . its get a cord but its really long .
902	Vacuum	NEG	1	unless I be miss something or I get a lemon , I can not imagine why the average # of star this vacuum be get be as high as it be . I research vacuum for a few week before I decide on this one - it be a very inform purchase . even though there be plenty of feedback state that this be rather heavy and difficult to push around , I take that chance , as it do not really bother I . however , the degree to which this vacuum be totally unwieldy border on the ridiculous . not only be it heavy , but it be so hard to push it almost feel like it have brake on . I only have 2 area rug in my house to vacuum and we have just stop use it altogether because it be so difficult . Does be suck ? you bet - a little too well , in fact , because it actually eat the corner of one of we area rug . but I would happily give up some of the suck power for a vacuum that you can actually work with .
423	Vacuum	POS	5	read a number of review of different vacuum from various site . this one seem to have the right combination of quality and performance - even though the price be a bit higher than you average vacuum . we have not be disappoint . just unpack it you can immediately tell it be a quality product and well design . it be much more powerful than the Oreck upright we be replace - and amazingly quiet . it be also very easy to use and maneuver - the body easily `` twist '' to make tight turn , and also lay flat to get under bed , etc. . the attachment it come with be fine , but we do wind up also buy a `` parquet floor '' brush attachment , as we have a fair amount of hardwood floor . there be several similar model of this vacuum - all seem to have the same motor , just different `` auto feature '' , etc. . also this model come with a filter , but NOT a hepa filter . a new filter be include in each order of replacement bag . my understanding be that you can replace the `` standard '' filter w \/ a hepa if desire . I think on some of the more expensive model , the hepa come standard . the only slight negative , mention by several other , be that this vacuum be a bit heavier than we previous -lrb- and I assume than average vac -rrb- . this only come into play when carry it around - not in operation . we do not find it a problem at all for we usage , and we have three level to deal with . just want to include that comment in case it be a issue for other . overall a excellent vacuum that I believe will serve we very well for many year . definitely a case of you get what you pay for - imo it be well worth it .
619	Vacuum	POS	4	I buy this vacuum because I be on a tight budget and still desperate for a reliable vacuum that would actually suck things up . the first time I use it , I be euphoric ! I could see the dirt jump around on the carpet while the vacuum be still a foot away , the suction be that strong . I be not as crazy about it on hardwood floor , but I do love the attachment . the rotate upholstery brush be great . the best part about use this vacuum be the fact that it do not spew dust back into the air . I have very bad allergy , and I could not use my old vacuum ; my husband have to use it when I be not in the house for a few hour . but with this machine , I vacuum the whole house and then realize I have not even sneeze once . awesome . I would still like to get a Oreck someday when I can afford it , but for now this little number will do the trick .
664	Vacuum	NEG	1	ca not believe the glowing review on this . this be a poorly over-designed vaccuum cleaner that have no edge cleaning capability , the hose fail and have to be duct tape , the bag do not stay seat , the extension wand be brittle and split after a couple of month , the small carpet attachment fall off the storage location in the back and the electrical cord storage hook spin like a windmill . will be the last Eureka I purchase
159	Vacuum	POS	5	I buy this vacuum about 5 month ago and be please with how it be work so far . I use it to clean my apartment which have a mixture of carpeted and hard floor . it be easy to change brush height when go between the two floor type , and also when go from the floor brush to the hose . there be enough hose attachment to handle any tight area the main vacuum can not reach and also any cobweb in the corner of the ceiling . these attachment also work well if you need to clean you car or any upholstered furniture . I do not have any pet , so I can not comment on how it perform with pet hair . overall it be a nice , versatile vacuum for any routine cleaning you need to do .
948	Vacuum	POS	5	I order the Carpet pro CPU 2T Commercial Vacuum . I be look for a upright that use bag and be preferably self-propelled . this one do not say it be self-propelled , but it feel like it be - I have thick shaggy carpet and it be a breeze ! I have a Oreck XL classic that be difficult for I to push on the carpet . I be so happy with this vacuum ! I could not decide which Carpet pro to get - this one have a thicker cord -lrb- commercial -rrb- , but I do not feel like it be too thick or cumbersome . the vacuum be not too heavy for I . this model do not come with the headlight in front but I do not think I need that . I think the CPU 1 come with the light . this model come with some on board accessory - 2 piece extend wand , crevice tool , and a little dust brush accessory that I just use to clean some vent . it do not come with the wide broom-like brush though . it come with a bag inside which be great . now I have to order some more bag -lrb- riccar 2000 , 4000 or simplicity 5000,6000 or Riccar hepa -rrb- . I really recommend this vacuum - it be hard to find a good one . I do not mind the color - it be different . it do say `` commercial '' on the base . it feel sturdy but not too bulky with metal bottom plate and brush roll . I think I would have be happy with any of the Carpet pro model . this one have a 10 amp motor . it feel quite powerful and do a great job . the carpet look clean and fluffy now . the instruction book say this vacuum automatically adjust to different carpet height . I would recommend this vacuum for carpet\/rugs - not hardwood floor . I use a different vacuum -lrb- my little Oreck -rrb- on the hardwood .
622	Vacuum	NEG	1	I do not recommend buy this vacuum . I have it only a couple month when the hose tear between the metal wire loop of the hose . Eureka do replace it but the second hose do the same thing . then the electrical cord tear right where it come out of the vacuum from rub on the plastic frame . the dog hair attachment tool do not hold up long either . it do have good suction but with all the repair that I have have to do with it , I have find it to be more bother than it be worth . I think I be go to go back to Kenmore . I have never have good luck with eureka product but have excellent luck with the Kenmore brand . I be sorry I waste the money on another Eureka product !
926	Vacuum	POS	5	I buy this after get feed up with empty my canister vacuum and suck dust , and who know what else , each time . I just could not quantify spending as much money as I do only to inhale everything I would just clean out of my house . the end result be that I vacuum less when the canister begin to get on the full side because I hate the idea of have to empty it . so that be why I buy it in the first place . as soon as I take it out of the box I be pretty thrill with the purchase . all of the accessory attach to the unit securely and I have not have a single piece pop off on it be own even when lug it up stair , down stair , and put it in the back of my car . at the same time they be easy to put on and take off when you want . the only slight exception may be the power paw and the ` wide ' attachment for the hose . I have not have any problem with they but I can see how they might cause problem . the power paw be the least securely attach and the wide attachment be the most securely attach and slightly cover by the cord when wind up . pro : where do I start ? 1 -rrb- it be powerful . this be easily one of the most powerful vacuum I have ever use . it suck the litter right out of my litter-catcher-rug that I have in front of we cat box . I use to have to shake the rug out and vacuum the litter off the tile , but now I just pop on the wide attachment for the hose and go to town . 2 -rrb- it have as all the most practical attachment include plus the power paw . this pro be just about standard . all vacuum should come with the primary attachment and this one do and they throw in the power paw which be really great for stair ... just like they advertise it to be . as for the power paw , it rotate via suction . I have a bagless with this attachment and it would lose suction so quickly -lrb- pet hair in the filter -rrb- that this attachment be useless . on this vacuum the power paw be like a freak chainsaw no matter how much hair it suck up . 3 -rrb- it be easy and fast to switch from floor to hose setting and back again . I can literally go from vacuum the floor to use the hose in 5 seconds or less and I can go from vacuum the floor to use the hose with any attachment + the extension in 10 seconds or less and it only take very slightly longer to put it all back and continue vacuum the floor . go be the day for I that I do all my floor vacuum and then follow up with the hose . now I can do everything in one pass . 4 -rrb- the floor brush can be engaged\/disengaged with the flick of a switch for easy transition from carpet to bare floor . this be the first vacuum I have own that I can do this on and I will never go back ! vacuum bare floor while the brush be spin be like ... well ... it just do not work . all it do be turn everything on the floor into tiny projectile that be launch at my foot and shin . be able to turn off the brush ... it be one of those , `` finally ! '' moment for I . what I mean be , I can finally just use the vacuum on my bare floor instead of the vacuum\/broom combo . I use to sweep the bare floor up then follow up with the vacuum to get all the corner the the broom could not clear . now , because of this feature and # 3 , just the vacuum , easy peasy . 5 -rrb- it have a hepa filter that be easy to access for removal and installation . I have not have to replace it yet but I do open it up and remove it and install it just to see what it be like . Super easy . 6 -rrb- it have a light on the base for dark corner . this be good for unlit or not-well-lit area of the room . personally , I have find this more of a novelty than something I would require in a future vacuum purchase . 7 -rrb- the bag be easy to remove and install . again , this be just about standard . the last bagged vacuum I have be a soft top -lrb- the bag be inside of a zippered bag -rrb- so it be ridiculous to get the bag out and put it back it . it be the vacuum that put I off bagged vacuum . I go to canister and do not go back until now ... over a decade later . 8 -rrb- wide track . this be just a convenient feature . wider track = less pass . I have not , as of yet , have any situation where it be too wide to fit somewhere I need it to . 9 -rrb- it be a bagged vacuum . like I say on # 7 , I have be use bagless\/canister vacuum for over a decade now . I finally get so feed up with the dust cloud when empty they and tap out the filter so I would not have to spend another $ 20 so soon . I even make a special tool so that I could attach my filter to my drill and spin the dust that be pack so tightly in there out with centrifugal force . this , obviously , just make the dust cloud during canister empty worse but if I want the vacuum to have any suction it be necessary . even then , I would lose suction steadily as I suck up the cat hair . since I do not feel like dish out $ 300 - $ 600 for a canister vacuum that `` never lose suction '' yet still deal with the cloud of nasty when I empty the canister I buy this bagged vacuum . there be still the bit of dust that poof up when you detach the bag from the vacuum and there be a possibility of dust that puff out if you compress the bag but nowhere near the amount of a canister . if you be careful , there be no dust cloud at all , which be freak awesome . no more dust mask and goggles for I while empty canister ! 10 -rrb- last minute addition after write in my con . there be a second handle low on the vacuum for carry up stair . it make it so much easier to handle ... no pun intend . con : 1 -rrb- it be loud , as with every other vacuum I have ever own . not really a true con as all vacuum be loud but it be still advisory to wear hearing protection when use it . 2 -rrb- it be kind of heavy . this be not a con for I but my wife have some trouble with it when it come to stair . 3 -rrb- the handle be not as comfortable as it could be . although not entirely uncomfortable it be not as nice as some of they other model . 4 -rrb- the light on the base be not quite as bright as it could be . at first I think that it would be a really great feature but it be not quite bright enough to make a significant difference in visibility in my opinion . they could have put a much brighter system in here quite easily . Hope this help you with you decision !
483	Vacuum	NEG	1	I be a mom with 3 kid and a minivan -lrb- stereotypical , but true -rrb- . I buy this because I need a cordless vac that I could use in the car and my dust buster be not cut it for suction . yes , this have better suction , but it take 20 hour to charge and literally only work for 5 minute . the motor start to slow before 10 swipe and you feel like you be race the clock try to get the cleaning do before it die while the suction be decrease in strength the whole time . Cleaning be annoying enough , I need it to be stressful too ? Ok , so it be only 5 minute of stress , but annoying nonetheless . realistically , with 3 kid and a minivan , 5 minute be not go to get my car clean , and you actually have to charge it another 20 hour before you can use it with any evidence of effective suction . unrealsitic and basically useless . it do have a pet hair tool which may be useful , but we have no pet hair to clean . honestly , if you need to clean pet hair , save you money and use one of those mask tape lint brush from the dollar store !
666	Vacuum	NEG	1	I have own many vacuum . I seem to be pretty tough on they , but then again ... if you have a family of eight with five out of those eight have waist-length hair , you do end up vacuum quite a bit , generally every day . - I own a Kirby ; it be awesome but the bag be so expensive and hard to get , and the attatchment be a pain to use . - I own a Dyson Animal . ugh . never again . I can not believe that piece of junk cost as much as it do . horrible construction , the attatchment never work properly , and bagless vacuum be just so disgusting . not very many thing will make I gag , but clean out a bagless vacuum do . just ... no. . no. . never . - I have own several Dirt Devils . they be pretty good , but flimsy . but , they be generally inexpensive , so the flimsiness be forgivable . -lrb- a Dirt Devil be what I be get next after this one ... -rrb- - this vacuum be okay as far as suction , but it have so much suction that it become a liability . it literally walk across my carpet by itself on the highest setting , and it be all I can do to pull it back . however , you would think that amount of suction would leave you carpet really clean . not so . with mine , it actually seem to push everything down -lrb- instead of fluff it up -rrb- and small crumb would just fly everywhere vs. be pick up in the vacuum . I think perhaps the lift mechanism be not work ... that perhaps I have it set for high carpet but it actually be not any higher than it would have be for low one . but no. . . when I take it in on a flat surface I could definitely tell a difference in the high and low setting . it be just not high enough for my carpet , I guess . and this be not any 1970 's shag carpet ! it be just a plain pile carpet we buy from Lowes three year ago ! so ... I be go to keep this vacuum as a backup I guess . since I have use it three time , I be not sure if I can return it , and at worst I suppose we can use it in the garage\/shop for sawdust , etc. . as for what I be go to use in the house , I just order another Dirt Devil for $ 44 , and so what if I have to replace it every year ... at least it will clean my carpet and not pull my arm off in the process !
594	Vacuum	POS	5	I be look for a new vacuum cleaner and after read the review for the Dison I be afraid to purchase a product that be more talk than performance . the s7210 be comparable in price to the Dison but have very few bad review . one that I notice be not be able to find vacuum bag for it . Amazon sell they all day so that be not really a problem . the s7 be extremely powerful and extremely quiet . it move and turn easily and the control be all located and design to make operate it easy . we have a bagless vacumm cleaner before this and we still have to change certain filter and deal with the container of waste be always messy and seem to leave you in a cloud of dust . this be why we decide to go back to bag . I highly recommend this vacuum cleaner . my advice be to get hardwood floor but if you must have carpet then it be better to buy one vacuum cleaner that will do the job correctly and last a long time . \*\* warning \*\* this be a powerful vacuum cleaner design for carpet not area rug . if you have some small area rug this maybe too much vacuum cleaner for you . PS . the wand be also excellent at remove dust from you heat register .
973	Vacuum	NEG	1	I purchase this vacuum after carefully read the Amazon review and think I have do due diligence . well , after 4 use , the foot control which allow you to move the vacuum from the upright lock position to the normal position fall off . it go back on easily enough , but fall off again after every second use . the vacuum be very heavy , too heavy for my wife to use . it seem typical of the modern mindset ; lot of cool tool that fall off at the slightest provocation , be noisy , and do not generate much suction when use it without the brush on bare floor . it do seem to do a decent job on carpet if you do not mind put its part back on as you work you way through the house . but it sure look bright and shiny come out of the box . in my mind , it be barely functional . I feel that I waste my money on yet another disposable , use it for a year and throw-it-away piece of junk .
585	Vacuum	POS	5	I totally love my hoover commercial shoulder vacuum cleaner . it be much easier to use then my old up right model . it do a better job & have a super long cord , so even in a larger house , you do not need to switch plug often .
763	Vacuum	POS	5	I have a B&D; PHV1800 for what seem like a couple of year now and it still perform flawlessly . even still hold a good charge although I think the battery be just begin to show it be age . contrary to many review on this and the fhv1200 , these both do exactly what I expect they to do ... be there and work when I need they to pick up dust ball , and other small job around the house . they be not design to be whole house or even whole room vacuum . Run they for a few minute and put they back on the charge for the next use . they be not shop vac . it be unfortunate that B&D; find it necessary to force we to buy a new probuct and not be able to replace the battery for less than the cost of a new vac -lrb- on Amazon -rrb- . what company do not realize when they do this be that they open up the door for we to look at other product . there go what may have be a loyal customer . the fhv1200 be just what I have be look for to supplement the 1800 . it be perfect for desktop , hobby area cleanup . I have a lot of tech equipment clutter my desk -lrb- actually it be bigger than a desktop -rrb- which I can not move or get around with the standard hand vac -lrb- even the 1800 -rrb- . this one with the flex hose be more than perfect . it be great for clean around the equipment as well as clean those keyboard , dusty equipment air vent , etc. . just be sure all you key be secure or this vac will suck they and anything else that might be loose in to its innards . bottom line ... it be a great product and do more than I expect it to do . one last point . clean the filter . a prior reviewer be upset at the difficulty of clean the pleated filter . I agree that if you do not figure out how to clean it , you might not get everything out of it . here be how I do it . once you have open the compartment and remove the plastic shield and carefully remove the filter take it to a trash can . best use you big one . hold the filter loosely with you thumb inside and the remainder of you finger loosely hold the outside , start tap the filter against the inside of the trash can . as you can see , the open end be up . as you tap , rotate the filter so you wind up tap every area of the filter . you will learn that you can tap it pretty good without damage it . the key be to never hold it tight . you will damage it . keep do this until it be free of all material . if you be persistent , you will completely clean the filter -lrb- unless you be try to pick up anything other than dry material . if you be try to use this as a wet-dry vac , all bet be off . -rrb-
780	Vacuum	NEG	2	after research consumer report , I buy the above captioned vacuum cleaner instead of buy another Hoover to replace my twenty-one year old machine . the Eureka come without its tool or wand . the yellow switch that be suppose to toggle between floor and carpet just flop , unattached to anything . the vacuum do a good job on the carpet , but I only have one carpeted room . it do not pick up anything from the bare floor , include Cherrios , rug fuzz which it throw off the carpet onto the floor , kitty litter or dust . and , yes , I do switch the indicator -lrb- not the yellow switch -rrb- from carpet to floor as the Eureka customer service rep. ask I . it be heavy -- on my scale , 23 pound , without the box . if I still have say box , I would return it this minute . I have not be able to try the hose attachment since the promise wand and tool have not arrive . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
177	Vacuum	POS	5	the moment I plug this vacuum in and turn it on , I love it ! I love the fact that I be not tug on a canister behind I all around the house . I can vacuum a entire floor from one plug because of the long power chord . the suction be excellent . the motor be relatively quiet . I like the small head for vacuum in small place . I would highly recommend this vacuum to anyone with hard wood floor .
65	Vacuum	POS	5	I usually do not take the time to write review but this vac be awesome . we have a Oreck large vac for major cleaning so I try they cordless electrikbroom and be disappointed and return it . then I order psv1800 and be blow away how well it work . design , function and durability be all super . we use it everyday -lrb- two kid under two -rrb- and constantly remark how good the vac work . Hardwood floor or carpet be easily handle with a switch . the vac fold beautifully and angle to get hard to reach place . if you need a cordless this be the one !
69	Vacuum	NEG	2	I have have a Eureka the Boss Smart Vac for a few year now and I absolutely hate use it . yes , it have good suction , but what good be suction if you do not use the machine because you hate it so much . first , it be way too heavy and hard to maneuver . the hose constantly flop all over and never stay on the track where it be suppose to be store . . bad design there . then , it do not lay flat to vacuum under furniture . if you try to put the handle near the floor to go under furniture , the beater be lift off the floor . oh yes , also , the attachment do not stay attach to the unit when not in use . I have use this vacuum for the last time . I plan to get a lightweight Dyson and let my husband use this pain in the hand , arm and back downstari in he workshop .
749	Vacuum	NEG	1	I purchase this for use on stair ... use it about a dozen time , and the motorized brush completely quit working . the vacuum be run and there be suction , but no brush . not much use . worked pretty great up to that point too ! not a very quality product - save you money .
472	Vacuum	POS	5	we recently purchase the twist when a 3 year-old Bissell fail . we do considerable research online & consider various review in the process . because we have a Labrador Retriever with pet-hair issue , we target Dyson & Miele as the best probable solution . we go to a local dealer & test both head-to-head . the Miele pick up test debris that the Dyson do not , so we choose the twist model price well-below Dyson 's comparable model . we could not be more pleased with the selection . it pick up everything & change a bag may be a add expense , but it be so much easier & neater than dump a dust cannister . the Miele make the carpet look & `` feel '' much cleaner & more like-new , & do a far-superior job to previous vacuum on bare wood floor . the only challenge be to figure out the easiest way to clean stair , but once master , it be not a problem . you will definitely pay more for the Miele , but it be a superior performer & with separate motor for the beater-brush & the suction , it be pretty much guarantee to last far longer than other less-expensive variety . give the Miele a test & you 'll be convince as to its quality .
485	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum be horrible . the battery life be about 5 minute and it take a long time to charge . it also do not suck good ! it be the biggest waste of money ever . this vacuum do not even deserve 1 star !
189	Vacuum	POS	5	have try 6 or 7 battery operate vacuum 's over the last 10 year , by far and away this unit be the best I have see . just buy a second one for a weekend home .
342	Vacuum	POS	5	I own my own cleaning business and this vacuum be a time saver on stair and hardwood floor . any high pill carpet though I have to use another vacuum for . light weight and great .
634	Vacuum	POS	5	buy it ! it be fantastic ! I use this vacuum everyday and love it . it seem like it may be a little bulky when I first pull it out of the box but it do not take up too much space next to the wall where I keep it charge and it be easy to use on all surface .
545	Vacuum	NEG	2	useless I get it because I have a bad back and think it would take the stress off as mop , sweeping an vacume be really bad -lrb- painful -rrb- for a bad back , but I spend as much time bend over try to get it unstuck that it doesn ; t matter . it do not do the whole room anyway
727	Vacuum	POS	5	I have no idea where the bad review be come from , people must be expect a house vacuum cleaner haha . this vacuum work perfect for a vehicle . the suction be very good ... it even pick up penny , dime , and small rock on the carpet . I would recommend this highly
57	Vacuum	NEG	1	terrible quality : my mom buy this for I at Costco after I have do lot of research . we do not get to test it out because the model be lock in place . it replace my cheap and efficent sharp vacuum that I have use for 12 year . I could not believe how heavy it be . it do not have a direct drive so move it back and forth take effort -lrb- I be a strong person - but my Sharp be s nice and easy -rrb- . after 3 month with use about 1 time a week the hose break and I duck-tape it together . after 6 month the on\/off switch break so when it be plug in , it be on . now a year and half later the carpet aggitator break . I have replace many belt in my year and I replace this belt but that be not the problem . I be happy it break because now I have a excuse to get a good vacuum . do not waste you money .
952	Vacuum	POS	4	great vacuum . do a good job cleaning and stand up to abuse very well . outlast and outperform other similarly price vacuum . great\/cheap vacuum that you can use for a long time , then replace when it finally die .
607	Vacuum	NEG	1	the usb vac be very low quality . it be basically a fan with a little nozzle on it . now remember when I say fan ? well , a fan do not a vacuum make . sigh . the not-a-vacuum usb noise maker also break while I be try to make it vacuum . I do not force it , I be not rough . the nozzle fall off and refuse to be reattach without some serious grunting and cussing . Metro Vac make a $ -lrb- ... -rrb- version . I hate to spend that much money , but I hate for thing to be icky dirty even more . what a spectacular waste of -lrb- ... -rrb- buck .
803	Vacuum	POS	5	it have excellent suction , easy to take apart\/put back together , easy access to dirt cup , everything do what it be suppose to do .
597	Vacuum	POS	4	I like to use my Black & Decker FHV1200 Flex Vac Cordless Ultra-Compact Vacuum Cleaner -lrb- if I can be say to like to clean -rrb- . but there be definite pro and con . there be thing about it that I really like : it truly be compact , measure about 12 x 6 x10 . and it be light enough to handle easily . it be cordless , which be a big advantage in clean hard to reach place . and the high-performance motor provide great suction . it come with a 4-foot flexible hose , long crevice tool , nozzle\/brush tool , and pet-hair cleaning tool which increase its scope . and the filter be dishwasher-safe . the major downside be the performance time - about five minute . it be long enough to clean the car or swipe up kitty litter or even clean pet hair off the sofa , but it be not long enough for real cleaning . clean the dirt reservoir can be a bit dicey -lrb- but this to I be the major disadvantage of all bag-less vacuum -rrb- . and I be not a fan of the attachment storage caddy . so , if you have a ` real ' vacuum and be look for a little guy for quick or hard to reach job , this may be you baby . be it worth the $ $ $ $ ? it be well make and work well , but it be performance time be short .
577	Vacuum	POS	5	just purchase the Eureka Boss Smart Upright , base on a review in Consumer Reports -lrb- a `` cr best '' -rrb- . this vacuum have unbelievable suction !!! it pick up item my expensive Kirby miss and great on hardwood\/tile floor ! the attachment be easily accessible , too . you will not be dissappoint with you purchase .
114	Vacuum	POS	5	I have a older portapower-hoover and I recently buy a new one . it be great and the only thing I do not like about it be the new hose because it be too short and low quality . the old hose be longer and make well and I do not use the new one at all , my wife & I clean house so we use the Hoover constantly it be light and durable . Hoover should have keep the old hose . J.H.
731	Vacuum	POS	5	we buy this vacuum to replace we old vacuum , which do not seem to do a good job . we be consider get a Dyson due to all the hype , but I come across this one and think I would try it out and save some money . besides , if it do not work for we , we could return it . well , let I tell you , this vacuum will not be leave we house ! it work great , and the suction be amazing . one feature we be look for be be able to turn off the roller brush since we have Berber carpet and it be recommend to not use a brush to vacuum it . the switch be easy to operate . the power cord be much longer than we old vacuum . I have be use bag less vacuum for as long as I can remember , so I be not sure about the expense of get one with a bag , but I think that be all I will get from now on . it be so much cleaner , which be great with several people in the house suffering from allergy . all the attachment work great and although we do not have pet , I could see this be able to get pet hair out of anything . I have only find two con with this vacuum . first , it be somewhat heavy . I be a big guy , so this do not bother I , but it could cause some difficulty for other . it can also be a little difficult to push around without the brush on , due to the strong suction . the other con I could be it take a lot of pressure on the foot pedal to unlock the pedestal so that you can vacuum . I find it be very easy if I use my heel on it though . I would highly recommend this vacuum for anyone in the market for one . you will not be disappoint .
346	Vacuum	POS	4	I buy this little vacuum for my brand new car , and I have be quite pleased with it . a lot of people on here be compare the suction power to something more powerful , like a Shop-Vac , and that be a little unfair -lrb- this thing be only use a 12volt power source after all -rrb- . also , you be suppose to free up the vacuum 's filter every once and awhile by turn the dial on the side of the unit , and that help tremendously . this be great for people who simply want to keep they car clean - it be not mean for heavy-duty application .
899	Vacuum	NEG	1	buy this vacuum 2 month age and as much as I would like to say it suck - it doesnt . a 100 year old person with emphysema could suck in more air than this piece of junk do . I will never buy a Bissell vacuum again . terrible product !!!!
839	Vacuum	NEG	1	if you have animal do not buy this vacuum . the hair get catch up in the upper compartment of the machine and do not even make it into the regular lower dirt compartment . you have to put you hand up inside and grab the hair and dust to pull it out and you need a bag under you hand to catch it all or you 'll be dump it on the base of the vac . it might be great for people without pet hair but it be a 1 star for people with furry family memer .
767	Vacuum	NEG	1	I purchase this base on the review . Mistake . Hoover really screw up on this one . the cloth bag be a mess to clean and I can not figure out how the paper one work . between the tweeked hose , the shoulder strap , no wheel and no place to put the attachment this machine be just plain awkward to use . one reviewer get it right : the only thing good about this machine be the cord length . I be go to buy a Eureka canister .
940	Vacuum	NEG	1	I wish there be a no star option . we buy we boss about 10 month ago for light cleaning between the housekeeper come out . my wife complain after a week that it keep shut itself off so I take it apart and clean all the filter . I run it for a few minute and tell she it be fine now - do not think much of it . a week later she report the power paw stop work . a week after that she report the vacuum be shut itself off again . I clean all the filter -lrb- again -rrb- and give it back to she . the filter be not dirty , but I clean they anyway since it do the trick the last time . she say it be a pain and stop use the vacuum alltogether - go back to she old stick vacuum . fast forward several month - we now have a dog and it be time to break out the boss again . this time I take control -lrb- convinced my wife be do something wrong -rrb- . after apologize to she for think she be wrong , and apologize again for not return the vacuum while it be still under warranty I be now on a quest to buy a new vacuum . I be glad to read so many positive review - let 's see how those vacuum hold up after a few month of `` light housework '' . junk - very disappointed - very . I guess in some case you really do get what you pay for .
416	Vacuum	NEG	1	I try to cancel the order after read some review on this but Amazon send it anyway . this be a waste of time and money . the motor work when you turn it on but it do not vacuum anything . maybe it work on the molecular scale but do not clean up any dust on my keyboard or anything else . maybe this be a joke thing like a fake poo or split ink bottle ... for those of you that remember the `` Pet Rock '' , that be more practicle than this vacuum thing .
657	Vacuum	POS	4	Works pretty well at remove dog hair , so long as you use it with the short brush find on the underside of the unit . I have yet to find a vacuum cleaner that remove dog hair entirely . even after vacuum , you 'll still need to pick up clump of hair from the carpet and nozzle , but that be easier than individually pick they up .
847	Vacuum	NEG	1	with a 5-minute run time and 20 hour recharge time this piece of junk be useless . how be they even allow to sell this thing ? there should be a big label on the box with the run time and charge time . I buy this to clean my car but with the terrible battery life it would take a entire week to accomplish the task . why this disaster of modern technology have so many 5 star review be mind boggling to I .
583	Vacuum	NEG	2	for the price only buy if you plan on use for 5 minute . very dissapointed in product for the price . I manage a retail store . buy the item to clean dust ect . first problem be the filter start to clog and have to clean in first 2-3min . this be normal cleaning . after clean filter 2-3 min . latter the vacuum lose battery power . for quick , and I mean quick cleanup be ready to to have on the charger 20 hour and clean power of 5-6 minute . not worth the $ 69.99 price .
924	Vacuum	NEG	1	I be amaze anyone like this . have we standard get so low that we think this be a good - even a acceptable - product ? I buy it to vacuum my suv . I charge it for about a week , then use it for the first time . it begin to lose power after 3 minute . as soon as it start to lose power , it lose suction . at the 7 minute mark it be out of power . there be no power cord where you can plug it directly into a electical socket . there be only a cord for recharge it . so unless you vehicle be clean enough where you only need 3 minute with a vacuum - in which case , why bother clean it ? - do not rely on this to do the job . Mine 's go back to the store . too bad ... the attachment be nice , and the dust bucket be easy to empty . then again , since it do not have much suction , empty the dust bucket be not a issue .
40	Vacuum	NEG	1	I have have this vacuum for about 2 year . in the begin it work okay but be loud and heavy . one day the belt break and since then I have be go through belt like crazy . although I buy the genuine Eureka belt and have even buy the heavy duty one nothing seem to work and after about 20 minute the belt be break . after the third belt this week break I be do with this vacuum ! I also do not think it have that strong of suction . I borrow a friend vacuum -lrb- a bag-less cheapo one -rrb- and be shock to see the amount of dirt and dog hair that it suck up even though I have just vacuum that room a few day before . I would not recommend this vacuum , I think it would be better to save up a little more and get a better quality one . I wish I have .
688	Vacuum	NEG	1	powerful vacuum , but we have to take it in for service twice , the foot release break twice , we have have to duct tape the hose almost all the way up because it keep crack . Works well but everything be make with cheap part .
369	Vacuum	POS	5	I have have this for a year and still work great . easy to use around the house and car . hold a charge well . great deal .
0	Vacuum	POS	4	this feel really substantial , unlike many other cordless portable vac . have very good suction and be easy to maneuver around , though it be a bit heavy . the ability to fold it and store it in the charge cradle be also a plus . the only drawback be the cleaning . it be awkward to turn on its side and you really have to remove the two filter element to clean it out properly . not a game breaker but a nuisance .
134	Vacuum	NEG	1	I wish I have buy a non battery op small vac . run 5 - 7 minute Enough time to ??? do nothing
244	Vacuum	NEG	1	if you do not have any pet , this vacuum may work better for you . but I have have a terrible time with it , especially clean out the dirt cup . EVERY TIME I use this thing , vacuum up cat hair clog up in the space just above the cup -lrb- all around the teal plastic part in the `` cleanview helix '' area -rrb- , which prevent the fur -lrb- and a good chunk of whatever else you just suck up -rrb- from fall down into the cup . so whenever I take out the cup to clean it , a bunch of dust\/cat litter\/dirt\/other nasty stuff fall all over the place . to make matter worse , some of the fur\/carpet fluff do not fall down on its own , so I have to put my hand up inside and pull it all out manually , which result in a disgusting mess every time I use it . I try clean it out between different room , think maybe I be let the cup get too full , but nope , the hair still get stick . poor design for pet owner . I be go to look for a vacuum with bag to replace this thing -lrb- why be vacuum with bag so hard to find these day ?! -rrb- , because if this be any indication of how the one with so-called `` easy to clean '' dirt cup work , I be out . Addendum : the `` filter '' at the bottom section be also a huge mess to clean . the inner core of the filter be a plastic cylinder that have a bunch of groove inside that collect dust and be hard to wash out . I imagine this part will eventually need replace . the outer layer be a sponge that collect dust -lrb- boy do it ever ! -rrb- , and need to be wash out regularly or the vacuum start to lose suction . Yay , more get you hand dirty with all the crud the vacuum get out of the carpet ! -lrb- ? -rrb- once clean , both part have to dry completely before you put they back together , so you can not use it for about a day , even to vacuum up the dust that inevitably fall back out of the vacuum when you open it up to clean it . tl ; dr : this vacuum suck for pet owner because fur clog it up . the filter be also a mess to clean .
298	Vacuum	POS	5	receive the Hoover on time . price be very fair . the vacuum have work perfectly since it arrive . we use it for stair and hardword floor and dust . also useful for we car . it take a little get use to use since it have no wheel and you carry it . however it be light weight make the carry very easy . you can get to almost anywhere you need to because of the extra long cord . the cord length be a real plus . the vacuum be strong and the attachment work very well . the Portapower be well make and use good attachment . I would purchase the vacuum again .
877	Vacuum	NEG	1	maybe , just maybe , I get they sole lemon ... but I do not think so . out of the box , the first clue to `` quality '' be the screw that fasten the handle : as I turn it , I see metal filings drop off the screw . not cool ! then , assemble , on to check that a bag be indeed install -lrb- as a reviewer have say . -rrb- the instruction say `` open the ... '' with no instruction as to how . okay , there be a obvious latch , but when one push it , nothing happen . repeatedly . forcefully . a check of they paperwork show no phone number , no web site to call for help . it take hold in the metal latch and simultaneously prying with my fingertip . after two try , the cover stick back on . then to carry it upstairs : Whoops , no handy little handle ! then on to the cleaning . Ha , ha . four Jack Russells and a emerald-green carpet be the the ultimate test of a vacuum , only this one do not vacuum . at all . it push the hair around a little , but it do not pick it up . that be it . the end . before I pack it back up , I try to remove the bag . I be not a weakling , but it be a job . since it contain nada -lrb- all the nada it pick up -rrb- , I try to put it back on . ha ! and then , of course , have pry the cover back off to check the bag , I could not get it back on . when I get the thing back in its box , I notice that a hose have pop out of the back of the vacuum -- possibly early on in this fiasco . `` maybe it 'll suck up the dirt , '' think i. `` I do not care , '' say I. Jeff Bezos will understand . maybe my old Dyson spoil I -lrb- the new one suck , thus my search for a replacement -rrb- , but I expect some degree of convenience together with efficiency in a vacuum . this one have neither .
953	Vacuum	POS	4	I purchase this vacuum about a year ago when I move to my new apartment . I would say my use be mild to moderate , with no pet . but I do vacuum once a week in a 1 br apartment . the power and pickup on this be great , on pile carpeting . very easy to push and manuver around , of course in tight area it get a little bulky , but this come with a mini beater bar attachment for handle narrow space and the furniture . it do a great job on my couch . very easy to use and store . I do like the two chamber filter and dirt compartment , the washable filter do a great job of prevent the other filter from clog , and easy to rise and clean after a few month use . I would recommend this .
79	Vacuum	NEG	2	we have high hope for this vac . it be even a present for the wife . the battery life be lousy . we can only vac a small room then the battery die . I do not expect to vacuum the entire house , but I would be nice to have in case . all the charge go on just to vacuum one room . do not pick up that well either .
627	Vacuum	POS	5	in the past i be a custodian and custodial supervisor . i dont think ive use a better vac , bar none ! buy it for my new apt . the first time i use it , suck over 2 pound of dirt , out of carpet that have be clean and vacumm prior to I vacumm ! ive use dyson and everything you could name . if you want a real vac , mean a bagged vac ! bagless be garbage in my eye ! dont hesitate ! well worth its weight in gold !
663	Vacuum	POS	5	I live in a apartment and initially buy a small cheap vacuum which never really work well . I read lot of review about this product before decide to purchase and find that Amazon have the best price . I love this vacuum . it be easy to assemble , lightweight , the attachement all work amazingly and they snap securely onto the vacuum .
759	Vacuum	NEG	1	end up pick one of these up on a door buster sale . -lrb- ... -rrb- I have a old 2.0 HP Shop VAC I have be want to replace with something more powerful . you would think this Stanley should blow it out of the water with 5.5 HP . it do not . the old 2.0 HP Shop VAC have better suction than this pricey Stanley . not to mention the Stanley still maintain the same narrow 1.25 inch pickup hose which become a issue when it get clog . I re-box the Stanley and be seriously consider return it and get my -lrb- ... -rrb- buck back . total low end junk vac despite the fancy stainless steel . I be go to be buy a craftsman or ridgid .
476	Vacuum	POS	5	this be my 3rd . Oreck and would not own anything else . . be very hard on vacuum think I would try the less expensive model . . it have great suction and lightweight . . it be a tad noisy , only have one speed , high , afraid it might scratch my wood floor but do not , and cord be bigger and longer and a bit cumbersome . . however , it be commercial . . for the price I be very satisfied ... oh , it be kinda power drive which make the mundane process quicker .
615	Vacuum	POS	4	I have use a commercial vacuum for year and do not want to pay the price for a new one . this vacuum come close . it have really good cleaning power and be easy to use . I miss some of the more delux feature of the commercial vacuum , but I can definately say I get my money 's worth . it definately do the job !
443	Vacuum	NEG	2	I purchase these bag because they be so much cheaper than the Meile bag . they do not filter as well as the meile bag and it seem like my vacuum do not operate as well . I will keep these for a emergency but have order some meile bag for normal use .
152	Vacuum	NEG	1	it be good at the beginning . it fairy clean well the floor , but I be not use it for a while , about 4 month or so and try to use it . then it stop work after 1minute . I think it may be because the battery be not charge fully , so I charge until it be full . same thing . it stop work after 1 minute or so . try to charge and use for a few time . same thing ... there be another review about the battery , so I guess I need to buy a different cleaner .
519	Vacuum	NEG	1	I check out this vaccuum on consumer report which be the reason I buy it . well , to my disappointment it be the WORST vaccuum I have ever own . not only be it clumsy to use with the hose continuously fall off , but it burn my carpet whenever I use the hose . I do NOT lean on it or push it forward as it warn on page 7 of the warranty ; the vaccuum would singe the carpet just sit upright even after 10 seconds of use the hose . what a extremely poorly engineer vaccuum . what I be really surprised about be even if someone be to barely lean on it , a vaccuum should never burn you carpet . how can they even put this product on the market ?!!!
456	Vacuum	NEG	2	about a week after I buy this product the belt break . my neighbor have buy it recently too and they put it out on the curb for the trash collector as they 's break too . my partner fix the belt , but it do not really work that well , especially with the attachment . would not buy it again !
732	Vacuum	NEG	1	I have be want one of these for a LONG time and be glad to see it have 4 HP since I need it to be powerful . but if you can not use disposable bag and if the wheel break ... plus i buy it at walmart . I know amazon would give I a refund but I have to hassle now with walmart and try to drag it around on three wheel ... and again , the bag , the bag .
643	Vacuum	NEG	1	I purchase this vacuum cleaner because I have have the same one in the past , but the hose break . I like the suction it have for carpet . this new one , however , be a total lemon ! the handle do not click in the upright position and therefore keep fall down . when it be switch to the floor position , it will not work . also , the carpet\/floor button be break . I be now out $ 129 plus shipping because I just put it to use yesterday after order it two month ago . very unhappy !!!!!
654	Vacuum	NEG	2	my initial review be that the item arrive on time and be as describe ... two month into use this -lrb- we vacuum once a week and only have three room with carpet as we have mostly tile , so do not get the use most would expect ... this should not matter though . . even if it do , I spend a lot of money hope it would be the `` end all - be all '' vacuum for I . Works pretty good ... suction power not as good as my old Kenmore though it be a easier vacuum to maneuver and get around . I try to see where I can contact and get the follow repair or replace , but can not . the problem be that the power nozzle will just stop in the middle of vacuuming . I be slow and careful expect it anytime . sure enough it stop . the only way to get it run again be to power off the entire machine and restart , this usually do the trick , but I can not live like this . I be hope to get a resolution , if I can find out how .
582	Vacuum	NEG	2	we be on we 2nd one of these . the first vacuum have the foot pedal come off frequently and and issue w \/ the height adjustment . we take it back to the retailer within 90 day for a replacement , per instruction from the Eureka support hotline . the 2nd vacuum be better , but have issue . 1 -rrb- hose be too long on bottom by design , so it fall out of the cradle when not be use , so you have to pull excess slack back and make a loop at bottom . 2 -rrb- it go through belt quickly , if you suck up a sock or other , you have milli seconds to turn the power off , before the belt burn and break . 3 -rrb- if you bump the front plastic bumper , then it will start rub and make noise , then you have to pull the plastic back out . 4 -rrb- hose broke\/coming apart at connection to straight attachment , after 2 year .5 -rrb- belt clutch slip , when upright , you shut off the brush for hard floor cleaning . you find it spin when you do not expect and possibly scratch the surface or wear carpet in place . a major independent consumer magazine give this high mark , and usually I agree with they on product , but not this time . prior to this vacuum , my last Eureka Boss last 15 year , and work well , infrequently need belt . I do not think we will make 4 year w \/ this vacuum before throw it away .
568	Vacuum	NEG	1	I do not know how they rate this product so high . I never buy any vacuum like this before . every single accessory be not able to stay on the behind . they drop everywhere once unse it include the hose . it be end up in the trashtruck 1 month after I buy it . thanks God I do it !
707	Vacuum	POS	4	so far so good but it be a bit heavy . I have a 1600 sq ft house and it take a little bit to sweep all the room so after a few minute it get pretty heavy . also the cord be a bit too short
431	Vacuum	NEG	1	because I work in a different state from where I actually live , I buy this 18-month ago in order to have a vacuum cleaner in the apartment I be rent . it seem to work ok but it be not long before I notice that the dirt never make it through the hose into the clear area where it be suppose to accumulate . I look up information about this and it be suggest that I could wash the filter , so I have try that but nothing happen . now , about every other time I vacuum I have to remove the hose and clean out all the dust and fiber that have accumulate . I have hear that bagless vacuum be bad , but this one seem to barely suck the dirt off the top of the carpet and I certainly do not feel like it ever provide a good cleaning . I be pretty sure when I move out of this apartment I should borrow a decent vacuum from a friend in order to give the carpet a good cleaning . I be also glad that I own a Hoover at my actual house and I certainly would not consider buy another Bissell after this experience .
251	Vacuum	POS	4	I get this vacuum for my fav . drive , since it go through a lot of abuse like camping and frequent visit to crystal beach with friend . have trouble clean all that sand every time , especially if you be finicky about you drive , so long story short , this vacuum as i call it cyclone , have a powerful motor , with rpm 's better then most of the handy vacuum on market . the pivot nose be a great help since it reach tough space ... the power cord be long enough to reach far end ... . and can be hook up to you cigarette lighter port ... powerful enough to suck penny so be careful ... . though a bit over prize toy ... but worth buying ... ...
517	Vacuum	POS	4	I have be use this vacuum weekly for about two month . this vacuum have very good suction power and do a great job cleaning my carpet . I find it easy to push and maneuver . the dirt cup be easy to remove and clean . the washable filter be easy to access and clean . there be also a replaceable filter that be easy to access on the side of the vacuum . the only drawback I can find be with use the attachment . if pull too far , the articulate hose will cause the vacuum to tip over if the user be not hold onto the vacuum . however , the hose with the extension rod do provide a pretty good reach so this should not be too much of a problem . if you plan on extensive use of the hose and attachment , you should probably choose another vacuum . however , if you be like I and need a vacuum mainly to clean carpet and will only use the attachment occasionally , then this be a very good vacuum for a very good price .
874	Vacuum	POS	5	I have one not a comercial model it be over 23 yr . old and still work well . when I happen apon this comercial model I have too have it too . Perfect on we boat .
393	Vacuum	POS	4	this machine work great ! it easily fold up for storage and work well on both rug and floor . Cleaning be also simple , just pull out the filter and you be do .
162	Vacuum	POS	5	Works well ... have 5 dog , have back surgery , fill in the gap nicely between maid visit ... get the correct replacement filter
215	Vacuum	NEG	1	ok - I do not know why people give this a good review b\/c it be a piece of junk ! I have have it for 6 week and be away for 2 of those week and it be already break !! I be able to have it repair but the repair guy cut I a deal b\/c apparently the broken part be not even part of the warranty . convenient for Bissell . yeah , we give you a warranty but bummer for you if it actually break . not only that , but when I call customer service to let they know about the broken vacuum cleaner , they be totally rude . I mean , you would think that they would be apologetic that they product break so quickly . also , clean the filter be very difficult and have to be do every 5 minute . this vacuum cleaner do not suck enough !
809	Vacuum	POS	4	vacuum be excellent . a little on the heavy side like the other review say but a excellent value and plenty of suction . make you carpet stand right up . fast shipping and delivery make this a great transaction . excellent seller . would highly recommend both the vacuum and the seller . thanks
581	Vacuum	NEG	2	I like the vacuum , but my wife find it awkward so we return it . most of the weight be in the middle and it can make the vacuum feel heavier than it be . I find it to be a nuisance to have to fold it in half to charge it . suction be good .
955	Vacuum	NEG	1	I should have know the first time I use this vacuum that it be a piece of garbage , but I hold onto it because I hear so many good thing about Oreck . the first time I vacuum , the smell of burn rubber -lrb- the belt -rrb- be so bad and it barely pick anything up . so as I be advise , I replace the belt -lrb- after one use for a few minute , the original belt be already melting -rrb- . I live in a small apartment with hardwood floor , no pet and one wool carpet - there be no reason for the vacuum to malfunction like this . the vacuum continue to have the same problem , but when I readjust the belt before every use , it become somewhat tolerable , except for the many time I have to clean out the different compartment because of buildup -lrb- again , not sure how there could be so many issue with such a small , tidy apartment -rrb- . after some research , I learn that Oreck tell its customer to vacuum more `` gently , '' otherwise the belt be prone to burn or come apart . I tend to slowly glide and do not manhandle my vacuum , but I decide to vacuum very slowly and gently to see if it would fix the problem I be have . the problem have not subside , and have become even worse . I can not vacuum my one , small carpet without the smell of burn rubber , a complete lack of suction after about 2 minute , and have to readjust the belt or replace it every single time I want to use it . I be throw this thing away . save yourself the annoyance and the money . I have a small upright dirt devil that cost about $ 35 that work better than this thing . also , I never think I would miss have tool so much - you can not get anywhere near the baseboard and all the dirt that build up along you wall with this thing . and even if my vacuum have a manufacturer 's defect , why have not Oreck replace it ?
191	Vacuum	NEG	1	I love cordless vacuum cleaner -- very convenient . I like Black & Decker , BUT -- this be the 1952 FIAT \/ RENAULT of cordless vacuum cleaner . do it work ? yes , barely & at what trouble . if the designer bother to give this to they wife for a try-out before production , they would all be divorce . whoever design this contraption should have he pay firmly fix to the sale of this sow . whoever approve this & the tooling cost have better start look for a new career . get a enemy ? give they one for a gift , or better yet , send the vacuum to the Taliban - they 'll surrender after the 1st use ! positive : 1 . good charge shoe . 2 . great battery power -lrb- and noise -rrb- but minimum suction . 3 . compact folding for storage -lrb- motor home -rrb- . -- that be it . negative : 1 . very uncomfortable handle - bad design \/ angle . 2 . weigh a ton because all the weight be 1\/2 way up , include the motor , so it constantly pull down on you forearm & shoulder instead of be down on the head at the floor where you would barely feel it . 3 . this also cause the head to not have enough weight to hold the brush in proper contact for maximum performance on any carpet or rug . 4 . this also make the head hard \/ awkward to control . 5 . very difficult to glide & have no tilt \/ steer action - sub-miniature wheel be of no use on carpet . 6 . have a crazy back of head ` foot ' extension that get catch on everything when you pull the vacuum back & forth & flip the head up ! 7 . empty the vacuum be mind-boggling , one slight slip try to hold this monster & it be all on the floor or all you filter \/ cover part be in the garbage . 8 . return be non-existent . they can not sell they so they do not want they either . the cure : HOOVER platinum linx -- the Rolls-Royce ` State-of-the-Art ' of the genre . you 'll fall down & thank God . cost more BUT you get more than you money 's worth , instead of a insult .
460	Vacuum	NEG	2	I do a ton of research before buy a new vacuum and setttle on this one with all the great review . I have to say that I have be very disappointed . not long after I start use it , the suction stop all together . I finally call Bissell and find that there be not one , not two , but five place that thing could get stop up enough to slow or stop suction . Ours be in the wand , which I have no idea would stop the suction of the entire thing , but it do then and have multiple time since . and when I empty the canister , I have to empty three different -lrb- very messy -rrb- filter . no thanks ! besides that major issue , it do a really bad job go from wood floor to rugs\/carpets . I have to pick it up to get over the lip of the rug and it miss anything that be near the edge . it also can not seem to pick up anything but tiny particle of hair and dirt off the ground - for instance a crumb or piece of paper that be on the floor will just get push around and not suck up . I be extremely frustrated with this vacuum and would not recommend it . I previously have a Dirt Devil and next time I will most definitely go back to that as it seem to be much more user friendly !
228	Vacuum	POS	4	overall I be pleased with this vacuum . carpet look fantastic ! only note be about the button to push with foot to release the handle to start . you definitely have to push just so to release . otherwise I be pleased and happy to not spend hundred more for a dyson .
742	Vacuum	POS	5	we be replace we 7 year old Bissell which be basically the same product . that vacuum perform well , as long as you clean the filter every once in a while it will last for year . I find it for cheaper at meijer.com pro : price pick up pet hair great washable filter Easy to empty canister ability to get under table , etc -lrb- almost get parallel to the ground -rrb- long cord con : a little heavy a good buy that I reccomend to anyone look for a affordable daily use vacuum .
198	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum be the best . and at this price ... or for any price . I have a similar model and it last I for 7 year and that be like for age for a person who vacuum the house every day or every other day . the suction be great . it be heavy , but that be because the motor be so powerful . before i buy another Eureka , i look at other brand at higher price , but i know that the best choice would be Eureka Boss 4870 . it have my highest recommendation .
726	Vacuum	POS	5	I love this vacuum . it be not heavy and very easy to use . I really like the bagless , very easy to take off and clean . it also clean both on rug and hard service . the price be excellent , delivery be fast and efficient
830	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum cleaner perform exactly as I expect . I set the Roomba to run every day while I be at work and it sweep up everything and then return to it be charge base . the Roomba will never take the place of a standard vacuum cleaner that do a much deeper cleaning but now I only need to clean once a week . if you have pet like I do , you will need to empty the collection bin every day . but this be still faster than a regular vacuum cleaning every day .
794	Vacuum	POS	5	I buy this vacuum a few month ago . first time I use it I be in love ! I hold off post a review due to the post traumatic stress I suffer from the Dyson Stow away I have be use not to mention year of other crappy vacuum . Anyhoo ... I finally decide it be time and I be hope this review do not jinx my great experience so far . my whole family ooooh and ahhhhh at how quiet it run even on the highest suction . I can talk on the phone and vacuum at the same time . never think that be possible !!! this thing suck debris in the rug and carpet I do not know exist . the majority of my house be hard flooring due to all of we allergy , but the one room upstairs be Berber carpet . the vacuum work great on both . I live in rural Alaska on a dirt and gravel road . my kid and dog track in gravel , dirt -lrb- usually in the form of mud -rrb- , grass in the summer , god know what type of pollen , pet hair , and more gravel . the vacuum have no problem suck gravel , dirt and debris out of my WaterHog Doormats . nothing have ever be able to get these clean short of hose they off outside . not possible to do in the winter . as for my allergy to dust , pet hair , and pollen , I no longer sneeze , cough , and have a runny nose or sinus pain when the vacuum be run . in fact , I feel better when the vacuuming have be do , since there be then less debris and allergen around the house . they be not just kick up and move around the house , they be go and in the vacuum . what a novel idea !!! I have never ever recommend any vacuum . I think they be all a pain , do not work well , or would break quickly . I have be vacuum for 35 year of my life and I have average a new vacuum every other year at the least . I can see this vacuum be build to last . the quality be amazing . it be user friendly and move well . the wheels\/casters actually move sideways , forward , backward and can move diagonally and with ease . the handle be comfortable and the part that be make from plastic seem to be make from a higher quality than I have find on Walmart and Sears vacuum . I think it would take a act of god to break it . the stick be easily adjustable so I can use it comfortably or my husband . -lrb- I be 5 ' 3 '' and he be 6 ' 3 '' . it can also be remove so you can attach the handle directly to the power head brush for do stair . very convenient ! I also purchase the extra long crevice tool , the car kit , and the 10 foot hose . I would recommend those as well . the 10 ' hose be not a electric hose like the one that come with this vacuum , however it work with the bare floor brush and other attachment just fine . it will not work with the power brush that come with this vacuum . I hope to have this vacuum a good long time . it be spendy , however , if I total up how much I have spend on vacuum over the year , this will be less expensive if it just last I 5-6 year . think of it as a investment if you be consider this model or another Miele . November 5 , 2011 -lrb- update -rrb- it be be a few month now and everything I write above still apply . it be work great ! I have no regret so far with choose to purchase this vacuum . I have notice that even when the bag be mostly full , it do not seem to lose any suction . I have use many other bagged canister vacuum and when they start to get full , the suction seem to not be as strong . I still recommend the purchase of this vacuum and I still give it 5 star .
82	Vacuum	POS	4	the vacuum work fine ... I seem to go thru vacuum once a year so hope this one last at least that long . be especially impressed with the fast and cheap shipping ... make it worth it buy online !
307	Vacuum	POS	4	my husband be skeptical when i tell he i order a vacuum online ! he 1st question be , `` if it be commercial do that mean it be go to be super heavy ? '' Ugh ... have not even think of that and do not remember see any review about it be weight !! I be happy to report that this vacuum be not heavy at all and probably lighter than my last . thing i love about it ... great suction , weight , and the way it lay flat to clean under furniture . thing i do not love about it ... this model do not come w \/ extension hose and the one that be on it be SHORT and i also do not care for the way the cord wind . that say , i think this be a great sweeper , especially for the price !!
200	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum have give we nothing but problem since we have have it . after the first month of use it the suction of the hose would not work properly if the whole sweeper be not take apart and clean in the sink after only a week worth of use . then it would start to stink like rot fish after use and wash under warm water , which the instruction say to do to clean the filter . would never buy this or recommend to anyone !
302	Vacuum	NEG	1	do not waste you money . this do not hold the charge at all . stop work after 5 minute . no more cordless vac for I ... just buy something that plug in . also really hard to clean out .
398	Vacuum	NEG	2	I have have this vacuum charge for over 24 hour . I use it just in my room to clean up bird dander , feather and the odd crumb that end up on my floor . it literally clean for 5 minute . what be I go to vacuum in 5 minute ? it could at least keep the battery charge while have it plug in while use , but it do not even do that . I would hope there be just something wrong with the battery but it do not seem that way , so this be a terrible product . I do not know where these good review be come from . I guess the attachment be pretty nice .
738	Vacuum	NEG	1	I wish I have listen to the bad review on here before I buy , especially consider what a pain it be to return a vacuum cleaner by mail . the first time I use it be ok . I be disappoint with the power , have to go over the carpet in the same place a couple time before it get everything . the 2nd time I use it , the attachment hose stop work . it be not block , it simply be not suck , and have not ever since . also , the bagless design be awful . it be near impossible to clean without make a mess . I be use to bagless vacuum and the extra work it involve , but this be just non-functunal . do not buy it .
232	Vacuum	POS	5	after careful review of all the option for a backpack vacuum , I choose this one . first , the review be great . I think the spec seem right for I , and the Hoover brand be a good one . I have replace a thirty year old , but still work , hold in you hand variety . I be older now and have difficulty with my hand . I place the order right in the midst of the holiday rush . I receive confirmation of the order and then the notice of shipping . it get here in three day . the day it arrive , I have just be home from have knee scope surgery for a few hour . I be sit packed in ice , but I have to try it out . I read the direction , I sit it on the counter and back into the strap . after secure the waist strap , I plug it in at a socket that I think would not have to be move . I be right . I have 1750 square foot on one level . with the 50 foot cord , I be able to get around my entire house . the suction be very powerful . I have puff of dog hair around most of the time and they come rush into the hose from a foot away . the wand be fabulous on the baseboard and up in the corner on the ceiling . the rug attachment work amazingly well on my area rug and small throw rug . best of all be the great job on the hard wood floor with the very same attachment . I have recommend this product already to a friend and she feel the same way about it . hip , hip , way to go !  Hoover Commercial Shoulder Backpack Vacuum Cleaner
993	Vacuum	POS	5	great vacuum suck everything in its way . I have three time more expensive vacuum for my first floor and I buy this much cheaper vacuum for my second floor , and to be honest with you I find no difference in suck power both of they be 12 amp. , almost same weight and same noise level . I be happy I purchase Bissell hopefully it last atleast couple of year .
484	Vacuum	NEG	2	to clean this vacuum out , you need to empty a large cup which be easy . but you frequently also need to clean the cylindrical foam filter underneath the cup , and the trap above the cup . the foam filter get really plug up and the best way I have figure to clean it be to use my shop vac in the garage . so you have two take out three component . the cup be easy to clean but I have yet to clean all three area without dump some of the dust back on the floor or get a puff in my face . I feel foolish cleaning one vacuum with another . I be go back to a bagged design .
397	Vacuum	NEG	1	after read a lot of review I think this would be great for quick cleaning small amount of pet hair , crumb , dirt , et cetera , off hard flooring . this be so much work to use , and make a really unpleasant noise , that I end up buy another vacuum cleaner just a few day after get this . it be basically a really expensive mini-vac\/dust devil type of thing , but not very efficient . the only thing good about it be that it be rechargeable and do not require a bag -lrb- which be why I think I would give it a shot -rrb- . it be currently charge in a closet , where it will probably spend most of its time until I get around to donate it to some thrift store .
33	Vacuum	POS	4	after try different vacuum cleaner , I definitely like this one . nothing extraordinary but it do a very good job , good suction and much better than other v. cleaner in the same price range or even more expensive . only con ... heavy .
934	Vacuum	NEG	1	I buy this vac about two month ago and now it will not run for five minute before need a charge ! if you only need it for five minute , its great .
540	Vacuum	NEG	2	the price be right , not self propel so it be hard to push , hard to change the height adjustment up and down .
435	Vacuum	POS	5	my old Bissell have finally get weak , so I when I get this new one , I be very surprised at how well a machine could work . with the brush barely touch the carpet , it practically pull itself across the floor . I should have trade up long ago . it lift up my tired carpet fiber and give the room a much nicer appearance .
616	Vacuum	POS	4	I have only have this vacuum about 5 week but so far it do everything I want or expect and do it well . because I have a combination of tile and carpet along with a very large , very hairy dog and a large fuzzy cat , I need a cleaner that do both type of flooring and pick up all the many kind of dirt that come with two such animal . my requirement for a vacuum cleaner be that it be bag no bagless for I , thanks anyway -rrb- , adjust from hard floor to carpet and have strong suction to pick up the pet dirt . this one meet all those requirement . the only quibble I have have with the Eureka be lack of information in the `` Quick Start '' instruction . the machine go together easily and those instruction be clear and precise , then I want to vacuum carpet . the lever on the head of the sweeper that you use to specify either bare floor or carpet would not engage in the carpet position , it keep flip back to bare floor . after envision have to disassemble , pack up , ship back and be totally frustrated with the whole thing , I call Eureka customer Service . it turn out that the handle have to be in the reclining position for that swith to engage , which be never mention in any of the instruction . I release the handle , move the switch , it engage and I be in business ! now how hard would it have be for Eureka to include that one small item in the Quick Start instruction ? if they think that should be intuitive , they would be wrong , at least in my case . the machine be a bit heavy , as other reviewer have note , but not to the point of be unmanagable ; I lift it over two baby gate that I have install for my very rambunctious dog without problem . additionally , the foot pedal to release the handle be a little stiff but I expect that will relax with use . I have see reviewer compare this vacuum with a brand that sell for nearly 3 time what this do ; if you be spend less than $ 200 , you should not expect the machine to perform the same as one that cost nearly $ 600 . that be say , while I have never own one of those very expensive machine , I can not imagine what they be capable of that this cleaner be not . in any case , this one do everything I need and do it well ... I be just estastic to have a vacuum that I can use on tile floor ! while I have not have it long enough to address its durability , it seem to be very solid and well-made . I have always own hoover so this be my first Eureka and , thus far , I be very well satisfy with it .
64	Vacuum	POS	5	great product , and work really well both on carpet and wood\/concrete . also work very effectively on animal hair -lrb- cat & dog -rrb- . even use it to vacuum off the couch and bedding -lrb- both victim of say animal -rrb- .
641	Vacuum	NEG	1	pro : - good suction - the hepa filter be nice although I do not know how to gauge the effectiveness of it - Easy to switch between floor and hose suction - can turn off the brush when do bare floor con : - heavy - attachment fall off while vacuum - not easy to assemble the attachment - the handle release foot switch mechanism be a bent piece of metal house in fragile plastic which break after a few month . unfortunately that plastic housing be all part of the base of the vacuum so you have to replace the whole bottom of the vacuum . - since I forget to call Eureka within the first year of purchase I be tell I would have to pay for the replacement part even though I tell they it break within the first three month . I ask to speak to a manager and be tell none be available and one would could call I back which never happen . I think the part be around $ 30 with shipping which be a substantial amount compare to the cost of the vacuum . I could not bring myself to pay for the part so we live with a vacuum that fall over which make I angry every time I have to vacuum ! so since Eureka make a fatally flaw vacuum and will not support it or create a replacement part that fix the flaw I will never buy a product from they again .
315	Vacuum	POS	5	finally a small , lightweight cordless vac that actually work and do not cost $ 200 + ! I buy it for daily kitty litter cleanup and dust bunny removal . Works great for both task . I previously own a Shark cordless , which not only do not pick up the cat litter but blow it around the room . I do not have issue with the battery life . if you need to use a small vacuum for more than 10 min on a regular basis , then you will have to buy a heavier , more expensive or corded model .
949	Vacuum	POS	5	product arrive timely and be just as describe . we have have it for a while now and love it . it be so much better than the one we have . we throw we old one away ! it have great suction , cord be a good length and we use all the attachment . do not know if it say it or not , but it also come with a great storage bag . would highly recommend product and seller .
390	Vacuum	NEG	2	I spend a lot of time research vacuum and decide that we would buy this . I purchase it about 4 month ago . I realize that if I have purchase a $ 400 vacuum I probably would not have these issue , but we can not afford that . this vacuum do as all do and vacumm up the everyday dirt , but there be some issue I want to make sure other buyer be aware of prior to they purchase this product . the only good thing I have notice be that the one attachment -lrb- not the Pet -rrb- work great on pet hair . better than my old Dirt Devil . if you do not mind my frustration outline below , then you will be happy with you purchase . my issue : 1 . the filter be horrible to clean and unless you clean they there be no suction . you have to clean two area and one do not remove from the vacuum so be almost impossible to clean . the filter itself be make of two section , a foam outer section and the inner filter . the only way to get it really clean be to wash it which be what the instruction say to do after every use . -lrb- which in itself be a pain . I have decide that it work fine to do every other time or so . -rrb- the issue be it take forever for the inner filter to dry . so make sure you have vacuum everything you need to prior to wash otherwise you can not use you vacuum with a wet filter . this happen to I , I realize I miss a large area and have to wait to vacuum it , and it make I really mad . 2 . if you be buy this for the PET ATTACHMENT , do not . I try to use it and the attachment lock up and will not spin . have be unable to remedy and the tool be useless . 3 . my old vacuum have a way to shut off spin brush when use the hand attachment and I miss that . every time I use the hand tool I have to angle the vacuum so that it do not ruin my carpet . 4 . the HAND ATTACHMENT hose do not go very far at all . you have to keep the machine close to where ever you be use it . like I say earilier , it work well for the price , but just be aware of the frustration to use it . if you do clean the filter properly it do have decent suction and work well . happy Shopping !
101	Vacuum	POS	5	I be so happy with this vacuum . it be a excellent vacuum at such a great price . I have a small condo and do not need a fancy and expensive vacuum . this Bissell vacuum do a great job in my house .
26	Vacuum	NEG	2	I have have this vacuum for over a year . it have be reliable , versatile -lrb- love that you can quickly change from floor to hose cleaning ... great for detail baseboard while vacuum large area -rrb- and replacement bag be easy to find . I be look for a replacement filter -lrb- hepa -rrb- now , and see it be ~ $ 5 on Amazon . it have not lose a day of work ; suction have stay strong from its first day . here 's why I give it two star : 1 . it be one of the heaviest vacuum I have ever have to haul around . 2 . for the weight , I would prefer to have a self-propelled feature , but even the pull-back -lrb- and shift to a new spot on the carpet -rrb- take some muscle . I be a healthy 60 year old , and immediately feel the difference and really dislike it . 3 . the hose for point suction be too short . it be nice and wide , so it can pick up a lot at a time -lrb- great for cereal spill , sand , etc -rrb- but I can not use it to reach anything higher than about 36 '' above the floor -lrb- use the include tube extender -rrb- before the vacuum tip over . since the tube extender be straight , it be not possible to use attachment easily on say , couch & chair seat . absolutely no use for cobweb in floor lamp , or ceiling corner , if you use a vacuum for those detail . I have no idea why anyone would choose this for clean stair ... do not you have to clean half way , then reposition the whole vacuum to mid-stair to get the rest ? it be a real monster in weight and bulk to have to lift upstairs ; just the idea make I shiver ... 4 . the plastic latch hold the cover in front of the bag be not do it be job . when that come apart , suction be lose . right now , I can fiddle with it and get it back into place , but it be essential for it to work to get a good suction . that this be go be actually prepare I that I 'll need a new vacuum soon . if you get a good deal on this vacuum -lrb- I get it at 50 % off -rrb- and you be young , strong and do not mind muscle this baby around , you 'll enjoy the good clean it will give you . my experience be not that good that I would buy this again ; also I would not recommend this to a friend .
558	Vacuum	POS	5	I be afraid that this vacuum would not have enough power to pick up the dirt in my car because of some of the review . I find that it work fine ! it be not a high power vacuum , but it pick up very well in between . the adjustable nozzle be a plus . it have be able to get to most -lrb- if not all -rrb- area of my car . it be very convenient .
132	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum work so much better than my Hoover do . the suction be more powerful and it actually work on hard floor too without just blow the dirt backwards . the hose be easy to use . the hose be slip off the notch easily when I try to vacuum but that be the only problem so far .
128	Vacuum	POS	4	I be a little skeptical to purchase this at first because of the big price difference from the Bosch bag . I be happy to report these bag work great !
584	Vacuum	NEG	2	we have have this vac for about 4 year , and the power brush have die , and the motor be make a horrible noise . from the begin it have always be `` fine '' - it pick up any blatant dirt , but I certainly will not go around brag about the suction here . it have never be very ergonomic , every move seem to be very labor with this thing , and switching between hard floor and carpet be a pain . yeah , it work , but I would hold out for something better .
291	Vacuum	POS	5	my old vacuum give out on I and I be force to find a replacement . I research vacuum for almost a week . I look at Consumer Reports and every other online resource that I could find . it be difficult for I to make my choice because the market be flood with vacuum that have attachment and feature out the whazoo . I be lean towards a more expensive model by another manufacturer . but I recall that Consumer Reports have name the Bissell Clearview helix as they number one `` Budget Vacuum . '' as I comtemplate my choice , I reach for the Bissell and walk to the register to make my purchase . when I get home , I immediately assemble the vacuum and give it a test run . I be amaze at how much dirt it pick up . I be a bachelor and do not have many people over , with the exception of my child and one or two frined . so my carpet `` appear '' to be clean . be I surprise . the Bissell pick up dirt that my old vacuum have leave behind . so I decide to vacuum my whole apartment . the dirt that the Bissell pick up shocked I even more . I just know that my old vacuum be get the job do . boy be I wrong . this vacuum cleaner do not have a huge price tag , but it deliver big on result . I highly recommend the Clearview helix . the best part , there be no bag to purchase . nothing worst than have to dump those dirty bag .
571	Vacuum	NEG	1	I can not wait to return this to the store . after charge it the allotted time , I try to use it , and when it fail to lift crumb , figure I have not charge it enough . so I re-charge . the power -lrb- or lack of power -rrb- in this hand vac be a total joke . it do not vaccum up a thing . what a total waste of money , this product should not be allow on the market . do not wate you money , you will just be return it .
867	Vacuum	NEG	1	I hate this vacuum . absolute worst purchase , ever ! I have it for over a year . you need to wash the filter after every 2-3 use on light vacuuming . it be not fun handle all the dust , pet hair and God know what else come up from you rug with you hand . really gross . my problem really begin when I put down a carpet fresh style flea treatment . this stuff be poison and I need to continuously handle the vacuum filter to clean it ! I be outside hose down part of the vaccuum ! that be the straw that break the camel back . I just do not want to hose it down outside one more time and into the trash it go . I have have a smile on my face ever since ! I just buy the Hoover t-series WindTunnel . have not try it yet , but I be hope for MUCH better result . if you like hose stuff down outside you house , buy this vacuum . if you want simple cleanup move on and find something else .
408	Vacuum	NEG	1	after read so many good review for these bag , it seem like I could not go wrong with they for my three month new Meile Onyx . the old adage `` you get what you pay for '' be more like what these bag prove to be . right out of the box they look like they would do the job so I get down to business testing they . I have a very small home -lrb- 1,000 sq. ft. -rrb- and mostly laminate wood floor with a few wool runner rug throw in and wall to wall carpet in my bedroom . I also have one tiny dog and one very , furry , cat . we live in the country and garden , raise chicken , and have a pool . so , lot of debris always be track in the house on foot -lrb- even with shoes-off policy -rrb- and paw . I start to do a through vacuuming of the house and about halfway thru it sound like the Meile be make a noise I have never hear before . upon open up the bag door I notice immediately that the bag \* compartment \* be full of debris that I have just vacuum up . Huh , that seem like a fluke . I reread the instruction to make sure I have put the bag in correctly , yes I have . I check the bag for any hole , none and filter for dust I could not really see , all good . then I have to get out my old vacuum and vacuum out the compartment of all that have be disperse inside . Grrrrr . I check hose , they be fine . I replace the bag with another new one and start the rest of the house , again , a weird noise . again , debris in the bag compartment . my thought be that the flimsy , elastic , film on the bag where the hose snap into be not strong enough to do the job . conclusion , waste money , waste time and effort , and my BIGGEST concern ... have this permanently do damage to my Meile motor due to the dust and debris get in there ? I do not believe that a big-name label guarantee quality above a non-label in most case but in this one , I be regret it big time .
983	Vacuum	NEG	2	suck up dirt on carpet fairly well . no so on floor . scatter dirt everywhere . hardly much suction on the attachment at all .
150	Vacuum	NEG	2	this little vacuum sound great , especially since it carry a name I trust , but I wish I would purchase something else . it be great for quick job like crushed potato chip in the carpeting after family movie night or dust bunny in-between my cabinet and my fridge , but its charge be unacceptably short and I find myself race through my house to get thing do with it . and it take forever to charge back to full power . I have also find that the white-box portion of the vacuum 's plug get hot while plug into the outlet so I do not leave it plug in overnight or while I be go . at the very least , I wish I have the option to use the vacuum plug in versus cordless . it be lightweight and have good suction , but be almost useless to I when I can only use it for short burst of cleaning .
271	Vacuum	POS	5	the product meet the advertised claim . very handy on hard floor . a bit heavy but very manageable . really get under the bed easily and kill the huge dust bunny that live there . clean out easily . I would buy another without hesitation . would be very handy in a rv since it store compactly in the include charge stand and be powerful enough for light clean up on the carpet area .
789	Vacuum	NEG	2	after read a few review , I decide to pull the trigger on this model . like most of the reviewer have state it be a easy and straight forward setup\/assembly process . however , after the first couple of use , which be great , the vacuum begin to show some issue . here be some that fall under my complaint list : - whenever I have to empty the dust bin , dust fall out all over the vacuum and back on to the floor -- even when I be very careful to try to slowly & carefully remove the dust bin . - there be a loss of suction and the motor begin to hum at a higher pitch . what I find to be helpful -lrb- and quite a bit of a manual chore -rrb- be to clean\/wash the inner sponge-like filter . this provide a little bit of relief , only for up until the next use and I would have to repeat the process . overall , I feel like this vacuum had\/has potential to be a quality product , but it just fall short in two key area for I .
799	Vacuum	POS	4	buy it to replace my three yr old Kenmore basic vacuum . cleans good with good suction power near the edge , good suction , also hand tool be great ! disposal be a bit tricky as you have to clean the cup , then a upper section that come apart on top of the cup and a lower section where one of the hepa filter be house , so it take more time than my kenmore use to . overall I be happy with it .
127	Vacuum	POS	5	I read the negative review for the vacuum and almost do not buy it , but I be glad I do . it work great and and will stay power up long enough to complete any job that I begin -- I would say about 10 minute . but that be what most cordless handheld vac do . the attachment be good to clean with and be handy at all time . I use this vac to clean one to two different room each day and have never have a problem . my house stay much cleaner and I have three cat to clean up after ! I keep it on charge when not in use and highly recommend this vac to use as it be design to be use which be not as a full-size vacuum .
130	Vacuum	POS	4	I just buy several of these small , light vacuum for we community art center , and so far , we love they . they be light , and seem to have enough suction to do the job . I also like the reusable bag . what I do not know yet be how well they will hold up over time , and that be important to we -- use to be a Electrolux fan , but over the decade , the machine have be make of cheaper material , and they break down and need to be repair way too often for the cost ; thus , we be switch to this Hoover model to try something new . the one thing that I would add to the current design to improv it be some way to keep all the attachment with the machine itself while you be vacuum . otherwise , so far , so good !
143	Vacuum	NEG	1	I have only use it a couple of time ; so far , the vacuum seem to do a good job of cleaning . that say , the design be lousy . the on\/off switch and cord storage be lower than normal ~ ~ ~ only good if you be sit down ! instead of have a opening in the front of the handle area to lift the vacuum , it be in the back , make it very awkward , as the weight be in the front . the worst feature be that the diameter of the hose and wand attachment fit the turbo brush and other attachment , but not any attachment from the various other vacuum that I have own over the year . all of those other useful attachment and extender that I have accumulate will not work with this machine , severely limit its usefulness . prior to this , they be interchangeable with Kirby , Hoover , Oreck , TriStar , even my shop vac . if I have know that before open the box , I would have return it . I be give the vacuum to a college student , and will never buy another Bissell .
439	Vacuum	NEG	1	there be a problem with this vacuum cleaner just after 2 month of use . it have a lot of noise , you can not image the sound of it . it be also warm up easily . vacuum capability be ok but not great . it be heavy . I certainly not recommend this vacuum cleaner .
163	Vacuum	POS	5	I love the fact that I do not have to drag out the bigger machine each time I need to vacuum the kitchen area . I have not find any problem with this machine thus far and I have be use it about 2 month . the filter be not hard to clean either ... I just take it out to the shop and use the air-hose on it !!!
604	Vacuum	NEG	2	while this unit be powerful it be a beast . it be heavy , the cord be very stiff -lrb- even after two year -rrb- and always seem to get in the way . the handle release mechanism be very stiff and in stock foot be very difficult to release . I suspect that this unit be design by someone will not be use 2-3 time a week !
340	Vacuum	POS	5	I take my beloved dyson dc07 in to my local repair shop for a new motor , and mention to he that I be head to costco for a dc-28 . a hour later I walk out of he shop with this Miele vacuum instead ... along with a $ 450 bill to repair and rejuvenate my Dyson dc07 . after a hour of vacuum with the Miele , I call he and tell he to trash the Dyson , and I be come back for a 2nd Miele -lrb- I be spoil , I like have a vacuum on each floor of my home -rrb- . this be a incredible vacuum I think . the tool be easier to use than the old Dyson , the suction be greater , more option to vary suction level . I be in love .
539	Vacuum	POS	5	we have a older model for we country home and love it . we have lot of pet and it be very sandy and dusty out here . it be quick and easy to thoroughly clean the floor , furniture , ceiling fan , shelf . I get this one for we beach house . both house be mainley tiled or laminate floor . the attachment allow for get into tight space around shelf and cabinet where fur ball like to collect . we recommend it to lot of friend .
21	Vacuum	POS	4	the hose be pretty short and I always tip over the vac when get corner or window . it be on the loud side too . otherwise great and the heap filter be a must for kid and city with lead paint !!
458	Vacuum	POS	4	i start off bad with this thing since it lose suction and be very frustrating after i have my husband take it apart it have some trah stick . . now work great but yea make sure ur always clean anything that get stuck cuz it happen alot . . but it do the job when its clean
833	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the second vacuum I have buy . that should say how much I like these vacuum . very impressive pick up power for a portable . plenty of juice for small accident and to pick up after the dog . bought second one for the camper . unless you get a dud , I do not see why anyone would not be happy with this vac .
62	Vacuum	POS	4	I have always be satisfy with black and Decker product . with the pivoting vac I be more than satisfied .
365	Vacuum	NEG	1	Thought I pick a good product but the suction leave a lot to be desire . I buy this because I do not want to carry out my large vacuum cleaner . not worth the price !
660	Vacuum	NEG	1	this be the 5th vacuum I have ever own in my life . I have have it for 5 month now and absolutely can not stand it . it emit a high pitched shrill when in operation and be exremely loud . it give I a headache listen to it . it be annoy that it always switch into bare floor mode when upright . every single time I use it , I have to lean down and change it off bare floor to carpet . the release latch be difficult to engage & I can not do it just by a simple step on it . I have to lean down & pry it open with my hand . the power button be not conveniently located . it be on the main shaft , require the user to lean way down to turn it on rather than it be a simple flick from the handle . I also do not like the `` power paw '' attachment located on the very front top . it be constantly get knock off . I have not notice that be do any particular better cleaning than any other machine I have own . I definitely would not have purchase it if I have try it out in a store before-hand rather than get it on line .
252	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum be pretty amazing . you do have to clean it out a lot , but that be because it suck up everything . pro turbo brush be awesome very good suction not too loud easy to clean con the hose be too short ... it end up fall over on I when i vacuum the rug with the turbo brush
480	Vacuum	POS	5	the first time I use this vacuum it pick up so much dirt I have to empty the cup after clean each room of we small apartment . I find that the vacuum be also much quieter than we old one and it be also quite easy to clean .
915	Vacuum	NEG	2	great cleaning pwer for this bag use upright vacuum , but its 21 pound heft make it very difficult to use . we return it after one attempt at use . we be fairly athletic people in we 50s , and we still find it difficult to push around . the roller should be motorize and the heft take out of the upright canister to make this more user friendly . BTW , Amazon sell the bag and belt for this vacuum cleaner , which we buy along with the vacuum . the bag and blet come from a different vendor , and they do not accept return . we be stick with this stuff !!!
361	Vacuum	POS	4	the hose on we old canister vacuum wear out - naturally since you drag it around by the hose . we price a new hose only and find it would be more than this whole new vacuum . decide to give it a try . only negative be the cord storage - which be hardly a big deal . the power be good .
45	Vacuum	POS	5	I be look to replace a very old vacuum and do not want to spend a ton of money . a friend of mine recommend this Bissel vacuum , so I buy it and be very happy with it . besides be affordable , it be get good suction , be not too heavy . the best part be the removable canister and washable filter . you get to see everything you suck up and easily just dump it all out when the canister be full . and the filter be easy to wash and pop back in .
392	Vacuum	NEG	2	I buy this to replace a old , inexpensive bag type . what with have to empty the canister so often and clean the filter so often , this type of vacuum be too much bother . a lot more bother than a bag type of vacuum . and the suction when use the tool be rather terrible compare to my old inexpensive bag type . also , the rebate be $ 10 , not $ 20 as indicate . read the fine print in the rebate form . -lrb- by coincidence , I just get my rebate check today and it be for $ 10 . either Amazon or Bissell need correct that . -rrb-
265	Vacuum	NEG	2	Have have this machine for 3 year now . clean very well but be heavy , cumbersome and attachment easily fall off sweeper . hose be also difficult to work with . I do not know who C.R. have evaluate this machine , but it deserve no higher than a two-plus , and that be be generous .
448	Vacuum	POS	5	love this vacuum cleaner !! good suction , long cord , lightweight and easy to steer . my past two vacuum have be a Eureka and then a Hoover windtunnel , both of which I like until they start to fall apart within a year of purchase . the wheel come off the Eureka and some of the onboard tool would not stay in place as be also the case with the Hoover . the on\/off switch on the Hoover short out after a year and a half of use . to be fair to the manufacturer I must admit I be pretty tough on my vacuum but not to the point where they should have part fall off . I prefer bagless vacuum but be please so far with this cleaner as the dust do not seem to escape the bag when in use . I would also like a longer hose to attatch the tool to and will check to see if one be available for purchase .
971	Vacuum	NEG	1	what a piece of junk , the plastic foot pedal come off after 2 week ; now the repair show be give I grief because I buy it on Amazon and not from they .
978	Vacuum	NEG	1	I buy this vacuum less than a year ago and it just break for the third time . I have no pet and no child . there be no tough job that this vacuum have to deal with . yet , it keep break down over crumb ! I regret not buy at a store that have a fix it year warrenty .
297	Vacuum	NEG	2	I have have this vacuum for 9 month now . the roller brush stop so I put a new belt on that come with the vacuum . it work for one day before it break again . vacuum repair guy say it need a new roller brush and be go to cost I $ 75 to repair . that be half of what it cost in the first place . four year ago , I buy a 12 amp Dirt Devil very basic vacuum for $ 30 -lrb- because I have mostly tile -rrb- . it be still run great , just think I need a more powerful vacuum ... I think wrong . bigger be not always better ... oh yeah , my mom also have a Eureka vacuum a little older than mine - totally different model and guess what ? same thing happen to she vacuum cleaner ! so now I be face with do I fix or do I buy another ? if I do decide to buy another , it will not be a Eureka .
332	Vacuum	NEG	2	the one thing I dont understand be how come miele , know for its light and quiet yet powerful vacuum , come up with this unfunctional thing . very heavy , not easy to glide from floor to carpet . suction power be just ok . and it be 400 something dollar . I have own many vacuum -lrb- cheap and expensive -rrb- and this one have be very disappointing . if you be look for something powerful yet not as heavy take a look at Miele 's s5 or s4 line but definitely dont buy this without try it .
313	Vacuum	POS	5	we have be use the Miele brand bag for several year but as the price continue to increase and the quantity in the box decrease decide to give these bag a try . we be very pleased ; the bag itself be good quality , the collar be cardboard instead of plastic . Update 2012 : the most recent shipment be not the EnviroCare brand , even though that be what the photo show , but DVC brand . the bag state it come with 2 different filter but none be inside . the EnviroCare brand seem to be of slightly higher quality .
800	Vacuum	NEG	1	total junk , plastic mechanism to engage and disengage roller break from day one , my mistake be not pack it up and send it back . order it from Amazon be no problem .
126	Vacuum	NEG	1	purchase this vacuum after read many positive review . I have a Panasonic which work great for over ten year . this vacuum last two month -lrb- use it twice weekly on three low area carpet -rrb- and the motor would shut off after vacuum for ten minute . suffer another 9 month with this vacuum by shut it off and let it cool down every few minute . then the plastic hose break and I give up . I just purchase a Oreck .
593	Vacuum	POS	4	I debate buy this base on the review despite own the handheld version and be extremely happy with it . we recently remove carpet and add wood flooring . we have 2 long-haired dog that shed year round . you know those lovely collection of fur bunny that form in the corner , under the chair and against the wall and cabinet ? they have multiply like rabbit and be extremely visible on the new floor . I need a fast way to get rid of they without drag out the cord vacuum twice a day . I find this unit to be all at once good , great and poor . it have a good battery life for what I use it for . I use it for 10 minute every day . I experience no loss of power or suction . I do drain the battery to see how long it work and 12-15 minute be about it . that do not sound like much but it be exactly what I need . it be great at pick up pet hair bunny and dust\/lint on my wood floor . in less than 10 minute I eliminate all the hair clutter on the wood floor around and under furniture and any misc . shed on my berber carpet traffic area . be able to go cordless from floor to carpet touchup be great ! I will say that I do not appreciate that my dog ' long fur wrap around the narrow brush as it clean . I decide that simply cut the fir off the brush after every few use work well . it sound silly but since all the fur bunny be either in the filter or wrap around the brush the job I get it for be get do ! I do need to clean the filter after every use . it be surprisingly full in only 10 minute of use . it be poor , however , at pick up debris that I would normally sweep up and get with a dustpan . if I sweep the floor first , if I have all the food crumb , etc. in one spot and if I start vacuum there , the debris be suck up just fine . if I be vacuum up fur bunny first or along with debris this unit have just enough suction to get about 50 % of the accompany debris all the way to the filter half way up the handle . it probably have to do with the hair wrap around the brush . the bottom line for we ? we actually really like it and be glad we make the purchase . my need be to battle the fur bunny daily and it do that extremely well . get fur off the top of the carpet in a snap be a bonus I do not expect . however , if I be clean up under a toddler 's high chair it probably would be send back . maybe they should put pet hair pickup in the name somewhere . it excel at that !
553	Vacuum	POS	5	clean house be what I do and I do that with Orecks . I have four and this one be the best !
197	Vacuum	NEG	2	have I review this vacuum after the first use or two , I would have say `` wow , what a vacuum for a great price ! '' ... BUT ... now that I have own it a month , my review be different . it still be a ok vacuum , but the really bad part about this vacuum be that the filter start to fill in very fast and then the vacuum have very little suction and it just chase the crumb across the carpet instead of suck they up . we do not have pet and we do not wear we shoe in the house - we have a fairly clean house . however , after vacuum two or three time there be very very poor suction and I need to clean out all filter thoroughly . this be a big disappointment to I , and something I never experience with my other Bissell . I would never buy this vacuum again , and I would not recommend it to other . there have get to be a better vacuum out there in this price range .
261	Vacuum	NEG	1	I first notice this vacuum be heavy . as I have have it for several year now , the belt have break many time . the hose have also break a lot and it be short . this vacuum be cheaply make , do not vacuum well especially on hard wood floor the dirt do not move ! I also just have to throw away the Eureka EnviroVac the roll brush break so do the belt . Eureka be a very bad vacuum no matter which model .
520	Vacuum	POS	5	I research for about a month before buy this vacuum . I be look for a vacuum with a hepa filter system and that be not bagless . I consider buy a ORECK but really want to handheld attachment . I decide to buy this eureka 4870mz vacuum after read all the good review about it . I just get it today and could not wait to try it out . I have to do some minor assembly but nothing difficult . the people who be write about the hose not stay on and no place to put the power paw attachment must not have read the `` quick start '' instruction when they pull it out of the box . it be pretty simple to put together and no problem with the hose fall off and the power paw come with a clear plastic attachment that click into the handle of the vacuum . I have to tell you that I like this vacuum right away . I love love the hand attachment with the brush ! unbelievable ... it make quick work of clean a chair that my cat love and constant cover with thick gray hair . this would normally take I several minute to clean with my Dyson 's attachment . the power be excellent and it definitely make my carpet pile look more plush again . you want to make sure you adjust the carpet level to the right height . it be easier to do this when the vacuum be run . it have only be a day but so far I be really glad I buy this vacuum . it be a good value for the price . yes the plastic part feel a little cheap but what do you want for $ 150 !!
960	Vacuum	POS	5	this be probably the best little cordless vac I have ever purchase . I love it and it do what it say ... ... great remove pet hair -lrb- cat -rrb- !! I purchase it from Amazon.com and the price can not be beat !! check it out - you will not be sorry !
349	Vacuum	NEG	1	piece of crap do no recommend trow it away . it do not even suck in anything use it on my laptop keyboard and on the keyboard speaker and nothing happen the dust be still there .
27	Vacuum	POS	4	love this vacuum . I also own it be predecessor and due to no fault of its own , I need a replacement . Eureka have prove themselves again . the suction on this thing be unbelievable . I love the spin brush that whip the carpet as I vacuum . it feel new again under my foot as I vacuum . the box say it be 60 % more powerful than the Dyson but at half the price . the first part I believe , the second be a fact . I have want a Dyson but I despise bagless vac and I do not want to spend that much $ $ . we do not have pet hair we need to stay on top of , so I be more than please with this purchase .
387	Vacuum	NEG	2	I can tell you one thing , it certainly do suck ! Ours last no longer than 6 month before we give up on it and throw it out . only a week or so after purchase this vacuum , it start make a awful buzz sound that would not go away regardless of how many time you clean it or remove debris from the head . most of the time it seem like it be just blow dirt around rather than suck it up . the front of the vacuum be constantly cover in dust and vacuum cleaner powder .
319	Vacuum	POS	4	decent replacement bag and I have use many of these with no problem . I would have rate they at 5 star but they do have one small glitch . I believe these be originally design for older Bosch model with a elongate container\/bag compartment . the current model bag compartment be wider than long so that be the glitch . the Bosch bag be design for this and if you be look for a better fit , then I would choose that route . but for the price , these be a great alternative . in my opinion 20 bag at the same cost as 5 Bosch bag be worth it . they do fit fine and might hold a little less due to be lengthwise . instead of just insert the bag , I will open\/fluff it up and then insert it . it take all of about 10 seconds . if you just insert the bag , the bottom fold over and obviously it 'll affect how much it can hold . as a quick comparison Bosch bag sit sideways and these sit lengthwise . Hope that help .
273	Vacuum	NEG	1	we get this vacuum because it have great review , and when we see the Amazon price it be a do deal . I like to vacuum and could not wait to use it . it be easy to put together . it be very light , so light it feel cheep . the cord be very short so you have to change outlet often . to clean the filter you have to put you hand up inside it and dust fly 's everywhere , and it be just gross . when I use it I could not even get it to pick up grass that have be track in . when you try to use the hose , everything fly 's out the back end all over the place . we think maybe it be just that unit , so we return it to Amazon -lrb- super easy -rrb- . they send we a new one right away . and same thing , nothing get suck up unless you have the time to go over each spot a dozen time . it be junk !
612	Vacuum	POS	4	purpose of purchase : clean cat litter around cat box , cat hair on chair , occasional spill ; some dust -lrb- ceiling fan , behind tv 's -rrb- . also , we need cordless vac to take out to the parking lot to clean the car . I ask Santa for the Dyson handheld as a Christmas gift because we have a Dyson canister vac that we buy back in 2006 that really impress we with how well it work . it remain the best vacuum we have ever own , but it cost a pretty penny - $ 500 at the time . however , it just really blow we away performance-wise , and prove the old adage of get what one pay for . base on that experience , and because we be disgruntle with the performance of we ancient , messy , cord handvac , we decide that dish out the big buck on a Dyson hand vac would be the way to go . on Christmas morning , I open up the Dyson , turn it on and go about clean everything in the living room but be disappoint with the lack of `` wow factor '' : it seem sort of average , and certainly do not live up to my expectation . so , I go onto Amazon to do more research , put a lot of think into what I would be use it for ; and decide to pick up and try out the B&D; model before make any hasty decision to return the Dyson . have the two unit at home , I test they both over the next two day on my ceiling fan , around the cat box , kitchen drawer , etc. - often simultaneously use they side by side , switch hand frequently so as not to favor one particular vacuum . when do , I empty the contents of each onto a piece of paper to examine the quantity of contents the dust bin . I be shock by how much more debris be in the B&D; and can only surmise that it be due to the inferior physical design of the Dyson -lrb- the angle issue - see below -rrb- in re . to how well it make contact with the surface that I would be attempt to clean . also , the B&D; come with a nifty pet hair cleaning attachment , which I use on one half of a cat-hair-covered chair -lrb- use the Dyson with it be normal attachment for the other -rrb- and , in general , there be many area in different room that I simply could not reach with the Dyson that I could with the B&D; due to its elongate , flexible wand . cost : Dyson handheld - $ 176 -lrb- obviously a great bargain -rrb- at best buy ; B&D; Flex , $ 56 at Walmart . each be price at about half off the original msrp . Battery Life : much longer on Dyson -lrb- about twice as long -rrb- charge time : much faster on Dyson -lrb- 3 hour vs. 20 hour -rrb- design : Dyson look cooler but functionally , the design of the B&D; model make it more effective at get into tight spot . also , even though the Dyson weigh in at only 2.92 lb , and the B&D; weigh about a lb to 1.5 lb more -lrb- I could not find actual weight and when compare spec on amazon\/internet - Dyson list actual unit weight and b&d; list ship weight -rrb- due to the angle in which one need to hold the Dyson in relation to the object be clean , and the fact that one must always push the `` on '' button on the Dyson where it be grip -lrb- a power saving but at time annoying feature -rrb- it be actually much more tire to use the Dyson - and I be a total wimp who initially be excite about the lighter weight of the Dyson , and almost do not do this experiment after realize that most of the other hand vac out there weigh considerably more than the Dyson . Performance : due to the difficulty in get the angle right while hold the Dyson , even though it obviously have more suction power than the B&D; model , as prove by oh-so scientifically attach to each vac to the palm my hand then try to lift they off the ground via suction power , I find that I be able to clean up more dirt with the B&D; . that really surprised I because , at best , I expect they to clean up about the same amount , but actually go into the experiment assume the Dyson would outperform the cheaper model . when try to clean my ceiling fan , the awkward position of the Dyson make it so that it offer no benefit over lug out my canister vac . but due to the flexibility of the hose on the B&D; , I be able to clean in all of its nook and cranny . both unit have a two year warranty . my previous experience with Dyson 's customer service be excellent -lrb- on my canister vac -rrb- while previous experience with b&d; -lrb- many year ago for a power tool -rrb- be just so-so , maybe a little frustrating if memory serve . I be a little concerned about the poor customer service reviewer have note with black and Decker model , but even still , I expect that if anything go wrong with the B&D; , I can get they to honor they warranty , even if it be not a terrific experience . we be return the Dyson because , for we particular need , the B&D; work just as well or better , and cost a whopping $ 120 less ! there be just no way to justify that kind of cost discrepancy . so , for all of you out there who wish you could afford the Dyson , but actually only have $ 60 , do not feel like you be lose out . there may be some aspect of the Dyson that be nicer -lrb- longer battery life , shorter charge time -rrb- but for clean around the cat box and under the car seat , the $ 56 B&D; model more than meet we need . if each of the unit have cost the exact same amount , I would probably give each of they 4 star . however , since money be important to I , Dyson get two star for its awkward-to-hold design , and for overprice the unit , while the B&D; get 5 star for be such a bargain in comparison - and , of course , easier to use . as a last thought , if my need be different - i.e. , I need to get out the hand vac several time a day to use for 20 minute or more each time and have a very specific purpose for it , I \* MAY \* have go with the Dyson , especially if pet hair be not a issue .
916	Vacuum	POS	5	these bag be great . ca not believe I be waste my money on genuine miele bag . these bag work the same .
843	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum cleaner have wonderful cleaning power , but I find it extremely heavy to push and pull around . the cord be nice and long -lrb- maybe too long -rrb- .
765	Vacuum	NEG	1	I buy the Eureka 4870mz Boss Smart-vac 3\/19\/09 . it be now 7\/25\/09 , and the vacuum be already fall apart . the vacuum be a okay one , but I accept it be shortcoming , because it be cheap enough . it vacuum pretty well across several different floor surface -lrb- carpet , tile , laminate -rrb- , but it be heavy , generate a lot of heat , attachment would fall off all the time , and switching between bare floor and carpet and between hose and floor be unnecessarily cumbersome . as I say I be willing to live with this , because of the price . my previous vacuum have be a $ 400 Dyson which be a nightmare , and I vow never to spend that much on a vacuum again . but now , here I be , just over four month later , and the Eureka be no longer usuable . first , the cheap plastic wheel be fall off . second , the switch that you turn to change from floor to hose no longer work properly , so that now I can not use anything but the hose . basically what I have now be a really expensive dust Buster . my floor be filthy and I can not vacuum . other review have make reference to the cheap quality of this vacuum , and it fall apart after a few month . I should have listen . if you value you money , I would not recommend this vacuum .
348	Vacuum	POS	5	I do not often review something unless I be disappointed with it , so for I to take the time to write a review , something have to be really exceptional . I can not believe how much I love this vacuum . everything about it -- folding design , suction power , length of time it run on a full charge , the way it pick up pet hair in my house , how light and maneuverable it be -- I just do not see how you can improve this thing ! I have have a couple of eureka power stick type thing that be cordless and work okay , but nowhere near the power , durability , and build quality of this . for $ 69 you can not beat the convenience of not have to drag out you main vacuum .
428	Vacuum	NEG	2	this thing do not do its job . just about a year old and it have stop pick up hair . instead , it leave little roll up ball of hair everywhere that you have to go back and scoop up after you be do `` cleaning '' . for $ 80 , I would rather invest in something that will last longer and actually do what I buy it for .
401	Vacuum	NEG	1	hose be short and only seem to suck when it want too . I have to clean it every time before use and still end up with a pile of dirt when I pick it up . basically , it do nothing but redistribute dirt around the house . I have have it for about a year now and just toss it into the trash with great joy . now I be be let the world now what a piece of turd this thing be . my battery power hand vac do a much better job .
354	Vacuum	NEG	2	vacuum be suppose to suck , but not the way this one do . the first time I use it , the belt that drive the brush spindle snap . to Bissell 's credit , they replace it for no charge and the second belt have not break , though it slip off quite often . Broken belt aside , the performance be lack considerably . the suction be not what it should be , especially if you do not clean the filter before EVERY use . seriously , the filter need clean every time you use this thing which be a significant inconvenience . the last knock on this vacuum be the awful attachment selection . Poor design , poor functionality . not a good buy .
7	Vacuum	POS	5	after use this vacuum for over 6 month , I would definitely recommend this item . I have no problem run the unit for 15 minute without the power get low . suction be very strong . the noise level be comparable to a handheld DustBuster and clean out the vacuum be a similar mess also . we use this vacuum for daily cleaning of the kitchen eating area . the space be too big to cover with a handheld unit . but the cleaning require do not seem worthy of drag the cord vacuum out and wind and unwind the power cord . the recharge stand be also convenient for store this unit .
580	Vacuum	POS	5	I have have this vacuum about 1 month-definitely plenty of suction , as claim . the path be wide so you can finish a room quickly . unlike the dyson , you do have to manually change a switch to go to bare floor or to use the hose , but the suction be really good and at around $ 100 be way more affordable than a dyson . the replacement bag be easy to find at store and you do not have to shake the dusty dirt into the trash can , just pull out the bag and put in a new one . Amazon be definitely the best price around and walmart have stop carry this model .
170	Vacuum	NEG	1	it be great for a month or so but the battery keep get weaker and weaker . I throw it away . one star for longevity failure .
478	Vacuum	POS	4	this little vacuum be nice to have on hand ! I keep it in my car so that when I find myself with a spare moment I can plug it in and sweep away . I have use it when I be go through the automatic car wash or on my lunch break . the attachment work great , the cord be very long and the storage bag hold everything . the only thing I dislike be when the nose be not completely straight some of the dirt fall out . but that be minor compare to the amount of time and money save with this handy little vac . this be definitely a must for those who like to keep thing nice and tidy !!
388	Vacuum	NEG	1	I could not decide whether to buy the vacuum or not , the review be mix . well I purchase this vacuum and it really be just a poor design . 1 . the waste bucket be just what it be , but high tendency to jam up from the hose ... especially if you have someone with medium length hair . so be prepare to pull out hair and direct -lrb- yuck -rrb- the filter on the bottom of the waste bucket , be all chalky and gross all the time , leak out ! who design that ! 2 . the beater brush do not turn off when the vacuum be lock in the vertical position -lrb- to use the hose -rrb- . BIG ISSUE !! the beater brush will still beat , and beat it will on you carpet ... all in one spot . I be prepare for this , since another reviewer mention it ... but what a pain to have to tilt the vacuum -lrb- so the beater be hit the floor -rrb- and use the hose . who design THIS ~ !!! 3 . suction be ok , size of area ok , and maneuverability be easy . its light enough to haul upstairs and downstairs . impossible to use on the the step . I do not recommend this item
639	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum be really easy to put together . it be work fine for about 5 minute after assemble it , then start make a choke noise and completely lose suction . I check the tube and there be no clog - I do not even have anything on my carpet other than dust . I return it the same day and purchase a Hoover instead .
46	Vacuum	NEG	2	I buy this vacuum a year ago and within a few month the foot pedal release pop off of the machine completely . I have it replace and it quickly pop off again . this time the clear plastic housing break and would cost $ 29 to replace the part and $ 29 in labor . it can only be replace with the same cheap clear plastic housing . it still work , and though heavy , i have be ok with it be performance . however , without the foot pedal , it will not stay lock in the upright position and fall when nudge or tug slightly . this make some operation difficult , especially when use the hose attachement .
60	Vacuum	NEG	1	it get hang up on everything , even where the floorboard be slightly uneven . it pick up mainly with the cleaning paper but I can not find much in the vacuum repository . sometimes it get in the middle of the room and stop for the longest time then start go in circle , all about the same size . I be not too happy with it
745	Vacuum	POS	5	I order this vacuum on tue use the Free Shipping offer for the holiday & it arrive on Fri. . ca not beat that for fast ! the vacuum be amazing at clean hard surface floor . the turn off feature for the brush make cleaning tile & hardwood wonderful , because it do not throw it back out . really do a great job on carpet as well .
344	Vacuum	NEG	1	I do not c how everyone say it be so great . barely touch the wood floor for small pickup and can not really move around on carpet . I do not even have pet . the suction be not strong at all . I be so anxious and excited to order , then be so dissappointed . true , the cord be long and it be light weight . but the rest be false information .
320	Vacuum	POS	5	this unit be not as powerful as some upright vacuum , but it be strong enough to get the job do . typically , I have the unit strap around my shoulder and neck , with the unit actually lie against my back . the cord be long enough that I can vacuum a significant area without re-plugging . further if I need to move furniture while vacuum , I can hang the hose over my neck , leave both of my hand free -- never have to but the unit down . the unit be not much louder than some battery operate vacuum , but be significantly more powerful . probably one of the few vacuum I have use where I be not bother by the noise . all of the attachment lock into each other , and can be quickly connect and disconnect . I have primarily use the vacuum on hard floor and low pile commercial carpet , and it perform as well as I could hope . however , I do suspect that this unit would be out perform by a unit with rotate brush on a high pile carpet . there be no special area on the unit to wrap the cord , instead the unit come with a button strap which will hold the cord after you have manually wrap it . for I , this be not a inconvenience , since it make release the cord very quick , and wrap the cord around my elbow and hand be easy enough . one of the primary reason I buy this unit be because of the lack of filter . the washable bag act as a filter , and there be two other filter on the unit which appear to be easy to clean . the bag be not as large as the canister in some upright unit , but so far it have allow I to vacuum multiple room without need to be empty . the only complaint I have for this unit be that there be no accessory attachment area . there be a bag for the unit which can be purchase separately which presumably solve this problem . all in all , the unit be design for commercial purpose . Easy to disassemble , come with a part manual , and have a general no frill design which just work .
907	Vacuum	NEG	2	not as powerful as I think , its a ok vacuum cleaner but not excellent one . it just suck animal hair from carpet , do not suck all the dirt on the carpet .
919	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a lightweight and powerful little machine . better than my big vacumn for most area . not so great for get hair off carpet , but I do not have a lot of carpet . good on furniture though . have lot of indoor pet and I use this everyday without a struggle .
194	Vacuum	POS	4	pro : good suction , light weight , convenient con short run time -lrb- as advertise -rrb- , clumsy to empty Great for a small apartment
