index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
365	Video_Games	POS	5	keep in mind that while I buy this game at launch , I make sure to play through the first one before give this a go . I also have other game on my plate and as such I just beat this a few day ago . if you have a decent computer , you will soon realize that this be one of the best look game available . my computer be run it a little slow at first . then , I update my driver . apparently the game be only recognize one of my card . with both in tow , I be run thing very smoothly . I turn off the motion blur effect to gain a decent amount of fp and after that the game never rarely seem to get below 30 fp . here be my relevant computer spec : 2.7 ghz triple core AMD 8gb ram 2x radeon hd 4870 as far as the gameplay go , I will not lie , it be very difficult when you first start out . soon you start to get better gear and better ability and by the end of the game it be only a challenge in the biggest boss fight . the great story , voice acting , and cinematic scope make I stick with it in spite of the difficulty and I feel extremely reward . after play through once , I feel I would fare much better the second time around . this game have more replayability than any game I know , as there be area , story , and quest you would not even come in contact with depend on a major choice you make around 15 hour in . it be one of the best rpg 's out there . just remember to be patient , save often , and do not give up . you 'll be happy in the end .
158	Video_Games	POS	5	I personally consider this one of the best game I have ever play . the storyline wasnt as good as I expect , it be too rush and I couldnt grasp what be happen . also the gameplay in the in-game game be completely different from the previous two Halo game . there be ton more gun , the new addition of equipment , and a very odd life system . no longer be there a shield , only a bar at the top and if that hit 0 you dead . the graphic be simply breathtaking . I be play it and a friend walk in and think I be watch a reality movie . for all you people who say it suck , the trick be too hook it up to a hd-tv , that what its optimize for and when the graphic enter unbelievibly-blow you mind state . the multiplayer be incredible . it be similar to Halo 2 , but with the introduce of Forge and more map . I play for hour yestarday and never get tire . so even though you may not enjoy the campaign as much as you think , and the graphic may blow you mind temporarily , i give this game a easy 5\/5 .
208	Video_Games	POS	5	I be not a gamer . it be buy for a family member as a reward for be a great grandson ! he love it and have say it be a lot of fun !
605	Video_Games	NEG	1	I be go to buy until I find out about DRM . another $ 50.00 bite the dust ea . enjoy you game
28	Video_Games	POS	5	I have not use this for a xbox but instead for a pc and it work perfectly . the first time you plug it in the driver install quickly . most game automatically map the button but you can always change they around if need be . the cord be also sufficiently long . highly recommend .
956	Video_Games	POS	5	how many time I have buy these set seperately I can not say . it be many . now you get get all the infinity engine game in one shot for 20 buck . Hope it all work right technically with you os . it be the only thing I would be wary of . the game be legendary and need no review , Biowares entire reputation be root in its achievement with the infinity engine and Baldur 's gate 2 : shadow of Amn specifically . they have go on to build some pretty powerful franchise but Baldur 's gate 2 have no equal -lrb- or successor -rrb- in gaming . it be the Mona Lisa , of PCRPG 's and that that . unlike the NWN set , this set be `` complete '' but you still will have to mod the game to get the most out of they . I would never play these straight out of the box anymore . perhaps Bioware get too much credit and the modding community deserve a little bit more , for the spit and polish at least .
918	Video_Games	POS	5	I would recommend try the online version of this game first to see if you like it . it be a very simple word game but I find it nice to relax with while watch tv . I enjoy play without the timer ; it be less stressful . it be pretty much the same as the online game but have room to a house that you unlock as you gain level and word you can unlock to build book for you library . you cant really do anything with these book or this house but it be fun to try to find the word for the book . fun , simple , game for people who like to spell . try the online game and if you like it you will like this .
394	Video_Games	NEG	2	these headphone be great with the exception of a couple thing . 1 . they go through battery like you wouldnt believe . if you tv be close enough I would go with the wire . 2 . Mine do not work anymore and I be roughly 2 week over my return date for amazon . I can return they for half what I pay for they but seriously who want to do that . the problem with mine be you can barely hear any sound with they turn all the way up and other player voice go in and out . I have put new battery in it and it do not change anything . this item would probably be best buy at a store where you can do a even exchange if something like this come up .
17	Video_Games	NEG	1	we buy this for Christmas think it would be fun for some family game time . we love the actual game but the video game be a joke . my husband who be very good at video game try two different challenge . you be require to do two different motion use the controller and nunchuck which prove to be very difficult . after try the training session for two different challenge -lrb- with not much success -rrb- we decide to return it to Amazon . the challenge would be a lot more fun in real life than in a video game .
707	Video_Games	POS	5	I know my brother Ron would love this the minute I see it . what a awesome present for he birthday
464	Video_Games	NEG	1	the hype for this game mainly center around its gripping story pen by John Milius , which would lead one to believe the single player game would be amazing . do not believe the hype . I purchase the dvd , and it require a 12 -lrb- ! -rrb- hour download before I could play . next , I find that the single player game be over in about 4 hour . 4 hour ! so , write by John Milius ? okay , maybe he write it on a napkin during he lunch break . seriously , there be some great potential here that will never be realize . I think I 'll go watch red dawn .
733	Video_Games	POS	5	we upgrade to the 3d after the hinge break on we original ds . have a hard time find a decent replacement on eBay so try the use amazon route . get a good deal on a very decent use one . my son love it . better than he think he would . the 3d can be turn off . and the change control be not as much of a bother as he be worry they would be .
735	Video_Games	POS	5	Yo . when i have a ps1 myf freind have a ` cube , so i buy a ps2 . let I tell ya honestly , there be no comparison in grafix . -lcb- gc -rrb- ps2 -rcb- I buy a cube too 'cause ps2 have the better game and ` cube have the better grafix . if anyone say that the game be kiddy , well ... I like THEM STILL !!! how han someone straitface say mario be dumb ?!?!?!?!?!?! and if yu dont believe what i say about the graphic , a quick spec comparison ought to set u strait mama mium ! Mario say xbox smell !!!
219	Video_Games	NEG	2	be a very fun game for the 4 year that I have play it , but I find myself in the past two year get bore of the game too quickly . I figure it be burnout , take a break , then come back 6 month later . nope still feel the same . come back this last time , and the community have just become abhorrent to deal with , new player can not get help throughout the barrage of attack in the trade channel . I do almost get to 84 but feel bore of it too fast , the graphic seem bland . -lrb- Trees remind I or origami tree , no texture -rrb- water remind I of melt plastic . massive phase issue -lrb- have miner bot underground in area and steal mining nodes\/herb node -rrb- no police what so ever . deathw seem to be a non existent threat . several friend have quit since this expansion have come out , and I put my account on hold again , while cancel my daughter account . I think they be try to bring in new customer -lrb- per they report they could not get 70 percent of new account to make it past level 10 -rrb- which be great . they do need to bring in new blood . bad thing be that new blood be get rip apart by its own community . maybe it will change , more than likely not . perhaps Blizzard grow too large ? bigger company do not always equal better . I just hope that when they do release Diablo III that it be not mess up , d2 be a tremendous blast to play .
59	Video_Games	POS	5	i never really play it when it originally come out , because i be to young , but now that i have it , im glad i do . this be why nintendo make remake so people like I can play the game we miss out on
698	Video_Games	POS	5	First off , I be a fan of the original series so I be already look forward to be able to enjoy you do not Know Jack again . the Wii version make it easy for up to 4 people to sit back or on the edge of the set and poke fun at eachother for the answer each pick . the game do a great job of have question and answer that lead to awww man moment every game . it be a must have for adult .
632	Video_Games	NEG	1	I would have simply return the two fake Wii Remotes I receive , but they be Christmas gift from a relative who do not provide I a receipt . that say , he purchase two white remote from Amazon that be probably fill by a vendor -lrb- sell by ____ and fulfil by Amazon -rrb- . the remote be very good fake . I go on several site try to determine if they be , and do not know at first . the giveaway ? terrible speaker on the phone ; second , the Wii MotionPlus barely work . then , one of they just quit work all together . another giveaway be the model number on the heel of the remote . also , the graphic on the bottom side be inaccurate . I be able to compare these after go to a brick and mortar store and buy one . so now , I have two worthless piece of junk that my family member pay full price for . thanks Amazon ! check you vendor out more !
177	Video_Games	POS	4	it be a Bungie game ! from Marathon to myth to Halo , this be my favorite game developer -lrb- even if they bail on the Mac prior to Halo 1 -rrb- . this be a great title . it keep everything I like about Halo 1 , and extend the fun big time .
811	Video_Games	POS	5	my 14 year old love this game . he have the 2010 version and love the new effect in the 2012 version .
477	Video_Games	POS	5	ps3 version come w \/ dlc 's and you will be amaze at the detail and story along w \/ the gameplay of this game . . if you have never have the honor to play mass 2 then please take my advice . . buy it
389	Video_Games	NEG	1	I think this thing suck . I have to save up 180 dollar , andus only get 5 a week . it be too expensive , wheras the GameCube be a mere 100 . the conroller have too many button , and it be too small . the GameCube controller be just right . it do have more game ; I 'll give it that . but , be they all good ? a few , maybe , but most be bloody , gory , rude , and just downright boring . it be mostly sport and shooting . it have no big franchise besides Grand theft auto , which I do not understand why it be so fun . Nintendoo have : Mario , Zelda , StarFox , Metroid , Mario Kart , plus Animal Crossing . so , the message I be convey here be ps2 be no good , buy a GameCube .
739	Video_Games	POS	5	I can not even say enough about how much I love this game . if you love Michael and he music you will love this game ! the developer go all out on this game and it show . I do not even like or play dancing game but I go out and bring this one and I be blow away buy it . I love how they incorporate almost everything from Michael 's video 's and adapt it to the song . this game could of be so wrong but it come out so right ! I be glad this be not another step on stage and sync with I game . no , this game be Michael at he best do what he do best . I get the special edition with the infamous glove and it be worth it . fun to play with friend and family I can not think of a single complaint about the game . it be Michael , he music , and you dance to it .
306	Video_Games	NEG	1	the reason I get this game be because of its overall concept of be able to explore a dangerous zone on earth . as I grow up in Eastern Europe , the atmosphere remind I at my experience during the communist era . I have play many FPS game and recently finish F.E.A. R , Doom 3 , hl2 , and Far Cry . the graphic , AI and overall game-play in s.t.a.l.k.e.r be pretty weak compare with any of the game mention above . the aus of the enemy be very poor , the game-play be cumbersome as you have to micromanage very many little detail , and read a lot of dialog text be annoying . during play , you will have to spend a large amount of time in inventory . the load time be very slow due to what it seem to be poor caching and memory management . the reason I believe that to be the case be that it even take a long time to go back to a recent quick-save . the slowness and other bug I encounter make I apply a patch that be release recently . the new patch break all my save game and I have to use a unlimited health trainer to speed up the process and get back to where I be . -lrb- waste about 2 hour -rrb- overall the game play be poor , and the support be terrible .
526	Video_Games	POS	4	hello , I purchase my copy of the fight simulator x deluxe when it first come out . let I tell you something , I have be a Proud Owner of Flight Simulator for almost 8 year . I have see the best , and the worst . I will say though , this game have , by far the best graphic , and Game Play ever to come out . Microsoft be try to Better then ever , and i think they may have come out with a game that be not ready and not suitable for the computer out there . -lrb- but will be a different story when Microsoft Vista come out . -rrb- I purchase a new computer -lrb- need one anyway -rrb- , New Logitech Freedom Joystick , and a Logitech Headset . it make a BIG difference ! pro 's -------- - the graphic for the most part be outstanding ! - airport activity be amazing - all the New aircraft be great , -lrb- Airbus 321 , Bombar . 700 , etc. -rrb- - mission - online Play con 's -------- - a little slow - online Play get Disconnected very offen - not suitable for most computer - come out to soon for this Generation Microsoft Came out with a New Generation Game , which be great , dont get I wrong , but its too soon for this . be AWARE : it take up 13,245.00 mb 's !!! most computer cant handle that , THIS take up more then half of MY COMPUTER ! but it be worth it . if you want a : - fun - enjoyable - exciting - very realistic - and most of all , like the real thing then this be for you . $ 70.00 be worth this wonderful game . great Job Microsoft , Great Job . regards , Tyler Owner of Flight Simulator for almost 8 year !
133	Video_Games	POS	4	it be a very good product but it only can be ship within U.S. , so I can not buy it
346	Video_Games	POS	5	I wait in line for 7 hour to get the Wii without go on eBay . I get the first day and I also gota the new Zelda game . I first make a Mii , a avatar that you make , to play Wii Sports . the best in Wii Sports be either boxing or bowling . when I play Zelda I be blow away . it be so much better than wind Waker . I will not tell anyone what happen , you 'll have to play it . the Wii be the best console on the market . yeah NINTENDO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
152	Video_Games	POS	5	this case be great ! if you play game for awhile and you hand cramp from hold you psp , this be for you . it be comfortable and also protect you psp .
106	Video_Games	POS	5	Bethesda be notorious for well make open world game , though there be some bug ; the few I have run across be minor and not game breaking . buy skyrim , kiss you family goodbye and enter skyrim ...
417	Video_Games	POS	4	pokemon black be a great game for return and new player of the franchise . I have play every generation but take some time off because I just wasnt use my d that much for gaming anymore . I go out of town for two week recently and decide to pick this game up . Black be fun ! the graphic of the d be really utilize in my opinion . the pokemon game have never really be about visual but it be a nice plus . my second point would have to be about the online . the multiplayer be awesome for this game . everything from trading from the pc to rank online match with a elo rating system . Game freak really listen to the fan when it come to the online . with Black 's expansive endgame after beat the league and rewarding battle system for any player , I would have to highly recommend this game for the newcomer or the hardcore veteran like myself . if you have lose faith with the pokemon series Black and White will restore it for you . ca not wait for the sequel .
299	Video_Games	NEG	2	this game be not like the original battlefield or desert combat . no vehicle war whatsoever . only 32 player max . this game suck .
298	Video_Games	POS	4	touchy power switch it will flip with the slightest brush past the power button the rest of the unit be great and I be glad we buy it
111	Video_Games	POS	5	wht do we wait so long !!! Great family fun !! more fun together now ! Easy to set up . Controls be easy to understand . give you alot of `` practice '' before start game .
520	Video_Games	NEG	1	do not waste you money on this game if you want to play the multiplayer online . I beta test for over a month with no problem . install digital version and only single player work . there be either a problem with the game it self , punkbuster or compatability with Windows 7 x64 . or all the above . I would request a refund but the place I purchase from do not do any refund for ea game only . if I would have read all the fine print never would have purchase this game .
384	Video_Games	POS	4	the Nintendo Wii be not a friendly environment for first person shooter which be a shame because the Wiimote\/Nanchuk be a awesome substitute for the mouse\/keyboard combo . no , the main problem be that FPS 's tend to push system to they limit and the fact of the matter be that compare to compete system the Wii be a wimpy little girl at polygon push . I be play FPS 's on the pc well over a half decade ago with better graphic than the latest Goldeneye and a game like call of duty on xbox or PS3 look so much better and run so much smoother which be why I tend to stick to game within the Wii 's graphical capability like Punch out and Mario Kart . Goldeneye be a excellent fp compare to other on the Wii but compare to cod4 : Modern Warfare on Xbox it be quite ugly . the big question be why Goldeneye . Goldeneye be one of the most ground breaking first person shooter ever and a game that I put many MANY hour into . it be also by far the best Pierce Brosnan Bond movie . this Goldeneye be a re-imagining of the movie radically change the story . the character name remain the same -lrb- Orumov , Trevelyan , Simonova -rrb- but they be completely change and unrecognizable from the original character and none of the change be improvement . Onatopp , for instance look like Cruella Deville in a pimp costume and sadly Boris Grishenko be completely jettison . the plot be change so that bond appear in all the event of the story for instance bond be at Severnaya when the Goldeneye blast hit . in order to get Bond there the writer include a full attack on the Severnaya base by russian soldier under Orumov 's order . the Severnaya guard send out a alert pick up by mi6 who then send bond to investigate . this do not make sense on several level . First of all the whole point of steal the EMP resistant helicopter be so that Orumov could draw as little attention to himself as possible as he steal the Goldeneye code from the almost completely unguarded research station . have this massive assault make the Tiger helicopter essentially superfluous and make it pretty much impossible that Orumov could get with he scheme without everyone know he do it . the game retain the interrogation scene almost word for word but how could Defense Minister Mishkin possibly think bond be behind the theft of the Goldeneye ? do bond also command dozen if not hundred of russian troops to attack the facility ? in almost every case where the character or plot be change it be to the detriment of the story . Goldeneye get the control scheme correct with the Wiimote\/Nanchuk . you move with the nanchuk control stick and control direction with the Wiimote so you direction essentially follow the reticule . there be strafing , run and gun and lean which in my opinion be absolute must but I still see FPS 's that do not have they . press ` z ' button give you limited lock-on but it can be frustrate when the game decide to lock on something other than what you be try to hit . the biggest problem be that the gun seem to have serious problem aim high and low . targeting upward will generally give you a angry red circle with a line through meaning you can not fire which can be brutal when someone be shoot you from above . likewise there can be some frustration when try to shoot downward . also , the control can sometimes seem to get lose and just float around or lock up . by and large when I be run and gun through a area I be fine and loving it but the target problem come along more than occasionally . there be one part in the game where I need to escape a burning train by shoot off some lock and my aim absolutely refuse to respond elicit more than a bit of profanity . I can not overstate how much of a problem this can be when the control suddenly refuse to obey . I can not deny there be much awesomeness to be have in the new Goldeneye . the sniper rifle and night vision goggles be do well and I love the tank section although the end where Bond stop Orumov 's train be lame compare to the movie . player can play more of a stealth game -lrb- which be do exceedingly well -rrb- or shoot they way through the whole thing . the control scheme be do well if a bit bitchy and often frustrating . personally I do not like that they use Goldeneye because it be neither a homage to the original rare game nor a improvement on the story of the film . the Memorial Park scene be a great level but the end be terrible compare to the film on the other hand the ` cradle ' scene be a sight to behold . this be the first bond game I have buy in year and I would have to say that for its era this be the second best bond game I have play after the original Goldeneye and the best fp I have see on the Wii . Goldeneye game show a lot of effort put into it include a really slick menu system but there be some graphical glich like float gun and fall through the ground that take I back but not in a good way . I have criticize a lot but this be a quality game if you can overlook a few very frustrating issue . just do not set you expectation too high or you might be disappoint .
779	Video_Games	NEG	2	I play this game until chapter 12 -lrb- 13 chapter total -rrb- and I can not continuous to play because it be too boring . good : 1 . very beautiful graphic . the cut scene be awesome . 2 . lightning voice be very good in English version . 3 . the new battle system work well . 4 . the strategy guide be very beautiful . con : 1 . the story be bore . I like the ff7 and ff10 better . the graphic be beautiful but miss a good story behind 2 . the game play be too simple . basically , you just keep move forward . keep hit the `` x '' button during the battle . you might need to change the battle mode once a while . imagine you keep do this for 60-80 hour . 3 . after you win the game , you use you point\/experience to build up you character . upgrade the character take lot of extra time and effort . 4 . over all , the game have no surprise in storyline and the game play be just too boring . you just repeat to do the something until the game finish .
329	Video_Games	POS	5	I be skeptical to buy the pc version after read all the negative review but after play it this afternoon , I be so glad I buy it . I have no problem at all run the game fully crank up . I have the Wii version and the difference in the graphic quality be like night and day . I highly recommend !
161	Video_Games	POS	5	this be a great addition to the sims3 collection . this software add so much extra excitement to the game . this add so many option and direction to go ... ea be the best .
97	Video_Games	NEG	1	Skyrim be basically just like oblivion , if not only because after 50 hour thing get really boring . sure , there be still `` thing to do '' but they be only that -- chore . that say , I do not find it be as fun as oblivion or Fallout 3 . this be because all those game appear on the same console . oblivion come after Morrwind , which be a console generation away , and for that reason its newness compound with the nature of the game and give we great fun , for awhile . now , 6 year later , we be rather desensitize to the technology that make oblivion possible and so skyrim feel like 'd eja vu ' . there be also the fact that the whole lotr mystique have dissappear , which help Morrowind and Oblivion gain they popularity . some of we just grow up . I simply could not help but judge this game to be a fetch-fest . now , if you have never play a Elder Scrolls then I can understand why you would give it 5 star , since this be basically oblivion with a facelift . the graphic be outstanding on the PS3 but the main problem , as everyone know , be the lag . I will not comment any further other than to acknowledge that on PS3 it be persistant after you save file cross the 5 mb threshold and that I have have 4 hard crash , even after the 1.2 patch . in 2006 I be mildly intrigue by oblivion 's story , partly because I be younger but for some reason Skyrim 's seem glib . I be older now but even so the game 's narrative lack any cohesion . the dragon be a anti-climax and that be crucial since the whole story revolve around they . they be not as mysterious as Mehrunes Dagon and seem rather anomalous . there be also no reason to believe they can destroy world when they themselves can be destroy by a few spell or iron arrow . all of oblivion 's deficiency remain . the in-game juridicial system be garbage . pick up a loaf of bread and you will die or get on the wrong horse and die . there be only a handful of class and the best become wear out because of how easy it be to spam smithe with iron dagger . once again there be a entire sub-class know as bandit who just happen to be in place and attack you on sight . never mind that a economy exist in Skyrim and that there be animal everywhere , and thus food and clothing . there be bandit leader and what not , all of which feel thoroughly date . the combat be just as poor as in oblivion . the finishing-move be script and become redundant after only a few hour . the player swing a axe or sword with the same move . good thing be that arrow actually work now . the substance of all the story depend on read journal or book . I find it absolutely impossible to read anything in a videogame , and so this part really fail . good news be that the race look better . the bad be that they do not really matter . I choose to be a high Elf but this have absolutely no bearing on my relation with the Thalmor . they treat I as if I be a Nord . the Nords notice this if you help they but its still meaningless as they suddenly forget you be a elf but still curse elf in general . the Thalmor call I a ` foreigner ' and yet they only recently arrive in Skyrim , home of the Nords . make no sense whatsoever . the same apply to Vampires . I be a vampire and would be instantly attack by other vampire as I roam the tundra , even though these vampire who attack I be get along fine with each other . there be cave fill entirely with vampire , all of whom be have a good time , yet whenever I show up they all gang up on I . this be part of the reason why Elder Scroll game be consider by some critic to be extremely shallow , and frankly they be shallow . read my Fallout 3 review to see my own take on this . the world of Skyrim look fantastic , but it be so big that , as everyone say , the game bog down on PS3 due to its divide memory pool . after you explore enough tomb , you will find that the Dragur be sorely mundane . yet that be also true of the skeleton and what not in oblivion . ultimately , the worse thing be that , due to the story , Skyrim be even more de-centralized than oblivion so that the purpose of the game be `` do stuff '' . if you be a vampire then this be go to get old fast since you 'll have to feed so as to not kill everyone . heck , vampire really have no advantage in this game other than frost resistance . what be worse be that they be be not as many guild or organization as in Oblivion , so the fetch-quest you have to busy yourself with be even more scatter , anomalous and ultimately meaningless . EDIT 1\/23\/2012 I forget to mention something . the old leveling system of Morrowind and Oblivion have be abolish . this both break with tradition and decrease the ceiling of whatever ` skill ' you wish to augment , all of which be trade for a freeder and more moderate manner of leveling . in other word , specialization be go at the expense of rapid increase in skill per level . also , in Skyrim Bethesda have absolutely neutered Magic . one of the thing I enjoy in oblivion be the sheer amount of variability in ` Magic ' . all of that be go in Skyrim and it have be replace with ` spell tome ' where you just open a book and learn a spell . Whats more be that these thing be often sell at exorbitant price . sorely disappointing .
78	Video_Games	NEG	1	that be pretty much it . the game have steam and steam require broadband . I do not know that ... I do not remember the instruction on this site say it require broadband , so I buy it . I do not have broadband . oh well . I have get the other Fallout story ... they do not require anything special . sure would have be nice to know .
841	Video_Games	NEG	1	I love play the first 3 myst game back when I have a pc but have since change to a Mac laptop I have search for game I could play on it . I think that because the game say mac for operate system it would play but it do not work on my laptop so if you be a mac user and interested in this game check closely what operate system you 's have and see which mac system this game will play on .
169	Video_Games	POS	5	I receive the Wii yesterday for my birthday and I be way older than normal child , but I be still a kid at heart ! I have so much fun bowling . Yippee !! I hurt my back -lrb- not with the Wii -rrb- so I could not play any of the other game , darn it . my little family would not let I . while I recuperate these other game be build some great anticipation . as soon as I be feel better , I will be play all of the Wii Sport game and on the hunt for more fun and game ! everyday be a adventure and the Wii just make the adventure better ! Cindy
221	Video_Games	POS	5	Video gaming be one of my favorite activity to do in the lazy time of the day . I be a console stud by heart and have a deep love for the console game . it be for that very reason I be very skeptical work with a video game that only work via a mouse and keyboard . worst of all there be just so many people daily who seem to spam the hell out of other like I say '' get use to it , it be way better ! '' and while this could be consider with game that require keyboard and mouse use such as final fantasy\/etc when it come to game like first person shooter , you learn to grow a deep hate for the w , s , a , and d key . not to mention in the heat of the matter who want to reach halfway across they keyboard to tap r to reload , or hit u to talk , or n to switch weapon ?! I be a shooter by heart and game like Team Fortress 2 , leave 4 dead , Borderlands and call of duty it take much more than just skill master a keyboard . you break you finger on the pad and lose a lot of esteem work that way if you be not into it . it be why that when I have recieve this controller for say game I be in heaven . I have spend week attempt to master the game and even as I have grow use to they the fact have remain I be not a pc gamer . with the mad Catz xbox controller I feel like I have the control again and the edge . most of all I have a one up factor over even the console controller : a smoother compact feel , a more sensitive grip , and full access control map to give I the comfort on which button I feel better with . I will say I be deeply skeptical over get a controller for the pc just as much as play on it . for all I know I be get a piece of junk and that worried I . I be glad to say I have it all wrong and in the end I now have another new console to work with that will provide I another full year of entertainment . : -rrb- a few thing I should mention however about the controller that be not specify be that this be not a exact replica of the 360 's version . this be design to be more compact and the control to remain tighter as a group . the layout be design , in my opinion at the very least , more forward for quicker response and certain button be redesign larger for use of ease such as the left and right bumper . the biggest thing I should mention be the leave and right trigger which be make in a hook like mannor that when tap feel so much greater than the 360 version . the bonus side to all of this be that it do not just stop on the pc though . this controller can also work on you very console provide the same awesome control . a word of advice however to user who be play Team Fortress 2 : in order to gain the full function of you controller you must enter you option menu , go under the keyboard section , go into advanced option and click '' enable developer console '' upon return to the menu press the wave key '' ` '' and then enter on the command `` exec 360controller '' without the '' '' at which point you controller will auto tune to the original control feature on the 360 . for all other game the control easily adjust and can be tune . : -rrb-
297	Video_Games	POS	5	I 'll start off with this . if you love Splinter Cell conviction you will like\/love this game . I be a third person shooter fan , when it come to shooter . the game-play be similar to Splinter Cell conviction . the control to get into and out of cover be a little tricky to manage at first , but I be so stick on conviction for so long I expect the same and it be not . there be a focus fire system , similar to the mark and execute system , but the enemy have to be in front of you for it to work , unlike conviction . you can have a max of three and need to do a hand to hand take down to get one . if you a die hard fp fanboy , -lrb- which seem to be 99 % of the xbox crowd -rrb- well you wont like it . its the only reason I can see for the multiple negative review here . the drive sequence be amazingly fun , and the drive smooth , as expect from a game maker who make racing game primarily . the graphic be a bit tone down for multiplayer , but I be okay with that if it make for smoother game-play , and it do . the graphic be not n64 quality as I have see other reviewer compare it too , I have no idea where this comparison come from . my one major complaint be the complete lack of gadgets\/grenades and no crouch . I can not understand how this vital feature of a partial stealth game could be miss . stand up while go from cover to cover in the face of full gunfire make this game ridiculously difficult at time . you use you smartphone to scan and it go fuzzy when move , similar to the sonar goggles of conviction . but overll this be only my second game that I be try to complete the cheevo 's on , the other be scconviction . the multiplayer lobby be still active and its possible to get the mp cheevos\/trophy 's as well . well worth the current price of $ 18.00 , once you get over the lack of crouching in this game .
813	Video_Games	POS	5	I have always use a Windows computer but last year switch to a Mac because I be feed up with the freezing and nonsense that a Windows put its user through . have play the Roller Coaster Tycoon series throughout the year , I realize that I would not be able to play it anymore because I have a Mac now ... until I stumble across this product . I read some of the review and notice most user complain of freezing and other stuff , so be reluctant to buy it see that it be $ 40 . after skim through and find several reviewer state that they turn off the `` shadow '' effect and the problem cease , I decide to purchase the game . since receive it , I have have no problem whatsoever with the product . I immediately turn off the shadow and everything have work perfectly .
845	Video_Games	NEG	2	Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban could have be a mediocre game . there be some strong point , such as fly Buckbeak and great graphic , but there be so many thing that be surpass by the Chamber of secret that this game be at best only a vain attempt to live up the previous game . the story be almost entirely tell not by the player but by the cutscene have the same problem with the related movie : overacting -lrb- facial expression be WAYYY too dramatic and character voice be overdue -rrb- . the character be annoy with they goofy movement and good-for-nothing line , and I could not care less if my character be kill in the middle of the mission . the gameplay be smooth , though , but not as good as in the Chamber of secret -lrb- e.g. Harry can not run around and cast spell at the same time -rrb- . the level be far less creative and complex than the one in the previous game , and the number of they be even more pathetic . with just two non-class level , I suddenly find near the end of the game . overall , this game make the player do a number of semi-related stuff without make they feel be a actual part of the game . it be much simpler , to be sure , but do that really matter ? I beat the game within 24 hour -lrb- I repeat , 24 hour for a person who have serious problem play Jedi Outcast -rrb- , and I feel far less satisfied than I be when I complete other harder game . I do not think I really care about play as Hermione or Ron , either because the character be really annoying , or this be just a bad game . I be really happy when I just play as Harry in the previous game .
957	Video_Games	NEG	1	I be actually plan on pick this up today . but I be not go to buy it now , at least until they remove the DRM . by then I probably will not care any more anyway .
268	Video_Games	POS	5	the game Dragon 's dogma be much better . why ? this game have more skill and class . when it night time , more powerful monster will appear . ZOMBIE FTW !!!!!
509	Video_Games	NEG	1	I do not recall at all in the detail list this as striped down psp . this be suppose to be the god of war special psp package and instead my son now have 102 dollar paper weight to go on we trip . the fact be that I be cheat and lie to by the description and im furious . I get nothing in my package but the psp and cord . there be no game no movie no gig stick and now the company i get it from Ocean reef Electronics say to bad i should have read the detail . so i say f 's to Ocean reef Electronics and there horrible customer service .
125	Video_Games	NEG	1	this be not a review of the game but the delivery system . they do research a while back and determine that online shopper be less likely to buy a product if they have to create a separate online account . with this game you can not even play a single player game without set up a online account with steam and then have to wait to start it up while it update . if I would have know about all this I would not have purchase .
961	Video_Games	NEG	2	the xbox 360 afterglow controller be not worth the money . it have a different feel to it than the original xbox 360 controller . my original xbox 360 controller break , and i have to get a new one . I see that this be only $ 30 at Gamestop . do not be fool by the cheap price . the controller be more bulky than the original , and it almost feel like you play a PS3 controller . the only thing that cool about this controller be the tiny led light install into the hardware of the controller . they can stay on , light up when the controller vibrate , sort of make a strobe light effect , or u can just turn it off . if you play a first person shooter , take mw2 for example , you will find that the right joystick be not as sensitive as the original , or do it move as calmly as the original . if you play GTA iv , the left trigger will aim down the sight , but wont lock onto target unless you really push the trigger down . it be the same for the right trigger . so what do I think of this product ? I think if microsoft make it the controller from the same body design as the original xbox 360 controller , it would be better . if you need a replacement controller , or just wanna get another one , -lrb- unless you into LED light in a controller -rrb- just buy a white controller . do not waste you money with this , it be not worth it
386	Video_Games	NEG	1	I have be a avid fan of the previous four civilization game and be very shock to find in order just to install Civ 5 I need to subscribe to the service of steam . I have dealings with this company once before and find they gaming service do not always work and get in touch with they support be next to impossible . the game description say `` initial installation require one-time internet connection for Steam authentication '' but even after authentication it require Steam to load so by `` one-time '' I guess it mean once every time you try to play the game . I be return the game now .
859	Video_Games	NEG	1	Ok so I love basketball and I play NBA 2k11 and I think it be pretty good . definately not the best sport game make or anything but still pretty good . but , nba2k12 ... where do I start ? the good : the my Player and Game presentation be great . everything else seem worse , especially the gameplay . first off play Online be a joke . people just run right by you . Defense be HARD , damn near impossible . its even worse than last year . second , shot miss -lrb- again -rrb- . Easy shoot right under the basket ? miss . no explanation . its really frustrating . in the meantime the CPU make 3 's all day . even when guard . oh , and when you stop move you guy keep move forward so when you play online the lag make it UNPLAYABLE . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME for ANYONE . ever . teach these people a lesson , its basically the same game with a couple new crappy addition . what a joke . 0\/10
611	Video_Games	NEG	1	I be just about to open my copy of Dragon 's Dogma , which I have pre-order some week back , when I see news that Capcom admit that this game have on-disc dlc . I know I be take a gamble when pre-order this game , since this be Capcom we be talk about . but since this be a rpg and not a fighting game I think it be worth the risk . well , guess I be wrong . sorry , Capcom . I , as a responsible consumer , refuse to support such unethical business practice . I shall be return my copy to Amazon ASAP .
350	Video_Games	NEG	2	every year madden be worse . I already sell my copy . I be not go to waste any time on this review . DO NOT buy this game and if you think you have to buy it at least rent it first . I wish I have ...
108	Video_Games	NEG	2	I be very excite to try out this new game because I love Zumba class ! they do not always fit into my schedule , though , so I think I would give this a try so that I could dance when I have time . this game be not fun at all . normally , at least in the class I have be to , instructor try to incorporate some modern music into the dance session . this have only that moroccan style music mix in with some variation of a couple basic salsa move . I have a very difficult time get motivate by the game and end up just quit because it be so boring . what I be get at here , be spend you money go to a real Zumba class or buy a dance workout on dvd . this be not worth the price !!
468	Video_Games	NEG	1	the product appear well-built . it be far more advance than the 3d . the game , however , be another story . I regret buy this console . it be at home gathering dust . I should have wait until good game come out . so , my advice be not to buy this product just yet .
15	Video_Games	POS	5	who say the d do not have great game ? liar , that be who ! and with d Mario Kart you can say you have get one of the best title to hit the d ! and with Nintendo d now with Wi-Fi connection , you can play online and enjoy the fun with up to seven other player ! Mario Kart d , like all the other , feature grand prix race for you to race in . most of they will not be availible until you complete other race , but that be the fun of Mario Kart . the race be not too hard , and they be a load of fun ! four of these track be brand new , but several be take from previous Mario Kart title . from the SNES , to the GBA release just a couple of year ago . you can enter cup at 50cc , 100cc , or 150cc . this , of course , be the difficulty level . you 'll not only notice you opponent get faster , but they 'll get more aggressive as well . there be eight character with two vehcile each . well , at first . as you progress through the game you 'll unlock more . when decide on a character you of course be look at speed , acceleration , etc. but you may also want to look at thing like ... the drift ... or they item attribute . a low item attribute will often net you item that be pretty much useless . this be not just a rehash of a old game , though . I note that there be four new track , and that it actually combine earlier title . but there be also new powerup in this one . you now have a Bullet Bill power up which will increase you speed -lrb- and send you temporarily into auto-pilot -rrb- . you 'll also be able to fire off a bob-omb -lrb- that 'll really mess you opponent up -rrb- and you can now release a blooper -lrb- those squid guy -rrb- to squirt ink on the screen of you opponent . these new edition be worth it . in addition to the new power up and track , you have also get `` Mission '' mode . this will pit you into course where you 'll have to perform certain task to move on . for example , you may need to pass through gate in a certain order . there be six group with nine level each . each group end with a boss . now let 's move on to the best stuff . the reason a lot of we still play Mario Kart game . the battle ! you can do the balloon battle and shine runner in a single player mode , but not do they on multi-player would be a sin . Mario Kart d take complete and total advantage of Nintendo 's wi-fus usage . so challenge some people ! get on the Wi-Fi have great oppurtunity . you can have up to 36 rival , and you can challenge people all over the world . the problem of course , be you could lose the connection . there be little problem with the wi-fi connection , though , and it be much more fun than it appear to be . as you might have guess , the game look and sound great ! it be smooth , like the visual of the n64 version , only smoother -- not as blocky . the sound be great and so be the sound effect . and because the d in Stereo , you 'll love it with all you heart . Mario Kart d be another must own d title . it be not just some port of a old game , it throw in a ton of new stuff . so do not think of pass this up by say , `` I have get it on n64 ! '' the n64 version have nothing on this . so grab it ! the good : + FUN stuff to UNLOCK ! + Great Graphics + Great Sound ! + you can play multiplayer with a single pack ! + fully take advantage of Nintedno Wi-Fi + not just a rehash of Super Mario Kart 64 , it be actually it be own title ! the bad - you friend and family will certainly feel neglect -- unless they have this game !
849	Video_Games	NEG	1	when we get just Dance 2 , we whole family be excite . we have love and music and move in just Dance . we open and have some friend over and put it in . the music be `` lame '' accord to the kid and not as much fun . we still use it and it be play but there be just not as much excitement for just Dance 2 .
332	Video_Games	POS	5	I be 41 year old and a couch potato . I have be use this for about a month now -lrb- 3-4 time per week -rrb- and be feel better . the only issue that I have have with it be that sometimes even though i be in sync with the trainer , it do not recognize that -lrb- most of the time it work fine -rrb- . it have get I up off of the couch and move around . I like see the progress make , and the exercise be fun to do . they can be a little repetitive , but that be ok . I be enjoy this enough that I will probably buy the 2012 version in a few month . overall , this be well worth the money .
117	Video_Games	POS	5	this be a very fun game . I do not mind get the old guitar in the super bundle . setup be easy and the setlist be great . overall this be a very good game , and I be able to get a good deal on it during the holiday .
450	Video_Games	NEG	2	the move controller do do what it be suppose to do . when you make a movement with the controller , the game react accordingly . that part work fine . but the other limitation drive I nut . first , you have to go through a calibration at the start of each minigame . not each time you put in the disc , but at the start of each minigame . it do not take a long time , but it be annoy that you have to go through that step . second , the game -lrb- maybe its limitation of the technology -rrb- expect you to stand in one place while you be play the game . during the calibration phase it have you move to a certain square in the field of view of the camera and stay there . if you move away from that location it throw off the motion sense . who stand in one spot while play a video game ? people naturally want to move around . it somewhat ironic that they call the product move , because that be exactly what you can not do . most of the minigame be fun within the limitation of the technology . but they be not really any better than Wii Sports or Wii Sports Resort other than move up to -lrb- not so great -rrb- hd graphic . in the end my brother and I play with this for a couple hour after I buy it and give up on it , and have hardly touch it since . I certainly will not be buy a second controller for another $ 40 . the basic idea of motion gaming might have some appeal , but this implementation be flaw right out of the gate . save you money and get a Wii or Kinect instead .
200	Video_Games	POS	5	be a tyrant . be a priest . kill em ' all . protect the weak . or you could just sit back and be a bum . this be life w \/ magic and shit
54	Video_Games	NEG	2	imagine , if you will , that you be run a marathon . imagine that you have spend year training for that day , put you heart and soul and energy into it . now , imagine that the day of the marathon , you loved one be there cheer you on . that feeling of joy and pride wash over you as you take off , every mile pump you adrenaline , force you to go on . and you feel good . no. . . you feel satisfied ! finally , the end be in sight ! the finish line be just on the horizon ! you push and you run . it get closer and closer . you be now ten yard away ! finally , the feeling of accomplishment you will feel when you cross that line will finally come ! and then , at the very last minute , someone leap from the crowd and cripple both you kneecap with a softball bat ... that be what the experience of mass effect 3 be . until the very last moment , the game seem nearly perfect . the atmosphere , gameplay , and story seem to be everything we have be wait for in order to complete Commander Shepard 's story . but then , you hit the last ten minute and it be a slap in the face . after you watch the final -lrb- nonsensical -rrb- cutscene , you feel as if you have be betray and from that point on , the game no longer have any replay value whatsoever . I love mass effect 3 but now all that stick out in my mind be that terrible end . it be difficult to say anything else that have not already be say . when the game be good , it be great and then it pull the chair out from under you at the very last minute .
382	Video_Games	NEG	2	the only reason I continue to play to story mode of Tron : evolution be to gain the story itself . it set up a critical point that in the story which the movie mention . this be not a game about the movie , but rather a prequel to it . in keep with the movie however , the word be pretty , although very similar and tiresome by a hour in . that be say , that be basically where the positive thing end . the game be you basic `` button smasher '' with little thought behind what you be do . you simply have to figure out which disk to throw at you enemy . that be the extend of the though require for this game most of you time play this game will be spend go back over thing you have do over and over . THe camera angle and poor movement result in you be `` derezz '' far too often , and you will find yourself go repeat the same section of the stage several time until you move ahead . this be not due to a lack of skill amongst any player , but rather the glitchiness of the game itself . this game be a rent at best
168	Video_Games	POS	5	if you do not like this game , there be something wrong with you . this be the most creative , artistic , hilarious , and most importantly FUN game I have ever -lrb- and likely ever will -rrb- play . I would recommend this game to anyone . do not listen to the few hater who have post negative review of this game . I would be willing to bet money they and\/or they child be of substandard intelligence .
463	Video_Games	POS	5	I will be honest , this game be hard to pick up at first but once you start play , it be like a giant snowball ; just get more and more fun . just play the demo !
564	Video_Games	POS	5	this update to the d be a significant one due to the online support not the graphic . I know that it have be advertise as amazing 3d which it do have but I feel that the Street pass and spot pass feature be truely amazing along with the pedometer it be interesting to know that there be people out there with it and the Street Plaza find mii game be really fun . the marketplace be great the next step be have full game for download and we will probably see that in the next update to the handheld system . one con : the battery be absulutely terrible ! it last about 5 hour a little less with 3d on and high brightness , you dont need to have these option on but even if you put power saver on and brightness on 1 , the most it will last on standby be about a day and a half with occational gameplay . OVERALL : Great game console . kid love it and they get to share more thing with they friend .
312	Video_Games	NEG	2	this game take you thru many screen but do not give any help as to what , where and why you be go there . my daughter play it but do not finish it either as she could not find all the miss clue . would not recommand this game .
566	Video_Games	NEG	1	a horrid game , poor graphic , worst control ever on a redundant , soon dead , over rate , low sale console . save you cash . yes this game suck on XBox too .
49	Video_Games	NEG	2	I receive this game as a gift and find it to be time consuming but not that great . First off , you have to go back to board you have already be to like a hundred time , which really eat my patience ... secondly it be a bit vague as to which way i be suppose to go and how to get there . it be ok if you like a loooonnng game , but i be more of the super mario brother type ...
293	Video_Games	NEG	2	well i use they all the time love they but the head set be brand nue and i be have problem with it right out of the box the wire that plug in to the head set do not stay in the mount be sink in to far to receive the contact to get it to work so i shod send they back to get a another one i wish thy wer wire in or they can sell 2 model one wire one wireless for the x box 360 and that shod be battery shod be re charge they do not
9	Video_Games	NEG	1	xbox 360 mc2 race wheel be not work for I : -lrb- . . I connect it to the XBOX . . power be not get switch on for xbox 360 mc2 race wheel .
661	Video_Games	NEG	1	all the problem people have with the DRM on Mass effect apparently do not teach ea a lesson , and they deserve this now . with a limit of 3 install , which you do not get back for uninstall . imagine if a patch go wrong and you have to reinstall . you get a new hard drive and reinstall . then you decide you computer be too slow , so you upgrade you system , and you go to reinstall ... and discover you be go to have to call ea and beg , and if you get through the long hold time and computer-controlled phone menu , they might relent and let you play the game you pay for . but maybe not . this have already happen to people who play Mass effect , which have the same system . Guy install , try to play ; get on-screen artifact , so he reinstall xp . problem not help , so he replace he video card - trigger activation # 3 . he finish it , uninstalled to save space , but get the bug to play again a couple week later . reinstall , and get this message : `` the game can not start . for security reason , only a limited number of machine can ever be license by a single purchase . this limit have be reach . please purchase another registration code , reinstall , and then try again . '' purchase another registration code ? how about when I buy something , I get to decide when and how I use it , and not you ? thanks , but no thanks . no way , no how , no crippling DRM .
184	Video_Games	NEG	1	1 . it be incredibley hard to move aroundd . 2 . you cant explore -lrb- you just choose what level you want -rrb- 3 . THEY CANT EVEN jump ! what fun be that ? 4 . it give my computer lot of virus 5 . dont waste yor money on this I save up for it and i regret it 100 %
867	Video_Games	NEG	1	I be so excited to start my 9 week workout ! Got my profile complete , first day complete , be all gear up to go at it again ... and my arm and leg scensor will not link up . I have try it all , new battery - twice ! , erase the game completely and start over , unplug my Wii in hope to reset ... I have try it all ! so very disappointed that I can not get this to work . pay way too much for it , but be way cheaper than a gym membership ... sometimes result be worth the extra penny . DO NOT BUY THIS piece-o-crap !!! not worth the hassle , I have spend hour try to get it to work ... when I could have be exercise . try to contact customer support be a joke ! seriously save yourself the hassle .
950	Video_Games	NEG	1	this screen protector show the iphone right on the packaging that you receive it in . it would be nice if they would show the packaging in the picture of the product so you could clearly see what you be get . instead they show the screen protector and a psp go . the screen protector do not fit the go correctly . spend the extra money and go for the Sony product .  pspgo protective screen Film
294	Video_Games	POS	5	my son love car anything , and he love play video game , so I think he would really enjoy this . he just turn 5 , and he do not play the Wii game system much , so he have some difficulty use the controller , since he be use to the playstation controller . he do get a little frustrated while try to play the different game but only because of the controller , not the game itself . other than that , it be a pretty fun game to play , I enjoy it as well . I think they should revise this game so that you can use the Classic Controller for Wii with this game , kid would find it a lot easier .
669	Video_Games	POS	4	the gameplay could use some improvement but I really enjoy the improvement to franchise mode and I love ultimate team . ea do a good job of update the roster too .
130	Video_Games	POS	4	I have a ps3 and this game look great . the detail in this game make it even better ... THIS be a must buy
496	Video_Games	NEG	2	this be a very bad game because when you ride you horse all you do be jump -lrb- a bird chirp when you have to jump -rrb- booor i should have know better to have the picture fool I . yes they be colorfull and sound fun but trust I there not . this be just a cute game no challeng involve ! i only love the part be you pick a horse and decorate she . i be obssese over horse i guess that why i buy it . you should get barbie mystery ride . that be a better game . see my review for it !!! you will know its I because my name be melisa . melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa
820	Video_Games	NEG	1	this remote work for all of about 2 day there be better one at the same price point . the nunchuck be still work so it be worth the price as long as that keep working .
266	Video_Games	NEG	1	I buy a sharpshooter , a mini controller -lrb- whatever they be call -rrb- really only to play with this game . they do not work . at all . so , 2 star off for that . at least with kz3 you can fully customize how the move \/ sharpshooter work , with this -lrb- as far as what happen when you hit the iron sight button -rrb- you just can not . and it do not work . in short , do not even consider use this with a sharpshooter . I have really try to make it work , but no luck . once you hit the ironsight -lrb- zoom -rrb- button , forgehdaboudit . also , this be a completely different game than Res 1 and 2 . and , the problem be , that I really like resistance 1 and 2 . the two player split screen be horrible . it split you tv in half horizontally -lrb- the opposite of Res 1 -rrb- and it just come off feeling cramp . very uncomfortable . res1 work perfectly , no clue why they feel the need to change it . also -lrb- spoiler ? -rrb- : -rrb- let I ruin the game for you : every scene go like this . where be we suppose to go ? ahhh ! TOO MANY MONSTERS ! ! ! ! they be all dead ? ok . . where do I go next ? whereas Res 1 and 2 have you choose cover and take enemy out with headshot -lrb- my style -rrb- this be MONSTER MONSTER BUM RUSH BUM rush constantly . some people might call it `` intense '' . . I call it `` overwhelming-to-the-point-of-constant-frustration . '' -lrb- really ? I get hit by the 10 monster behind I because I be shoot the 20 monster in front of I ? yeah . . that be fair ! -rrb- : -rrb- my son and I be try to get through it , but tonight even he say . . `` wow , this game just be not very good , be it . . '' so , 1 star off for . . not match up to the joy that be 1 and 2 . finally , 1 more star off for this : the swearing . I know it be not for kid , neither be 1 or 2 . . but there be -lrb- comparably -rrb- very little swearing in 1 and 2 . plus , 1 and 2 be so good you could `` forgive '' it here and there . . this be not a very good game and it be back up by a annoying sound track of cuss word for no reason . Boo . so , here end another 1 star review . keep in mind I purchase many other product and game and be quite happy with they -lrb- and usually do not review they as there be enough positive review out there for you to read and help in you decision make . -rrb- I tend to only post review when I feel that the other side really need to be say in case you be try to make a purchase decision . in this case , I would highly recommend a rent or wait until you can get it use for 30 , especially if you be not into multiplayer like I . mho .
303	Video_Games	NEG	2	I buy this game because of the Star Wars name like im sure most people do . what a let down ... one can tell this game be push through production too quickly . as point out earlier the frame rate be dispicable , the action mediocre at best , and gameplay less then fun . this game could have be great if they spend some more time on it -lrb- but they do not ...
421	Video_Games	POS	5	Kasey 's review : this game be awesome . he be 11 year old and the first night he play it until 5:00 in the a.m. when he mother have to tell he to go to bed . he love the game . I hope this help !
876	Video_Games	NEG	1	whatever you do do not buy this its just a fake ps3 conntroller . go ahead and save you money and do not waste on this controller the analog stick be to solid to move and all button be to hard when press on  PlayStation 3 dualshock 3 Wireless Controller -lrb- Classic White -rrb-
812	Video_Games	POS	5	I use this to get around the `` bad '' sound quality of the easycap and it work like a charm . but you will not get surround sound , if that be what you be look for . all in all great product .
732	Video_Games	POS	5	we love the game , but then we live less than 90 minute from Disney World and we go frequently . if you grow up watch Disney movie , you will love it , also . especially when you wife\/mother\/daughter \/ sister be sing the song !
50	Video_Games	NEG	1	this game could be a lot of fun . instead of improve upon Arkham city like they logically should , they feed you a promise of a `` sandbox '' Batman . Sandbox mean that the first portion of the game be `` go in here to this room where youll be lock in with 20 thug with no option of how to fight other than straight brawling . now that do , go to another new room and be lock in to brawl again '' . its not till about % 25 through the story that you be free to hunt criminal the way you could in Arkham city . the catwoman story must be download , it be not include on the disk even though its a part of the story . they can not be bother to provide a manual , amd the game start you as catwoman -lrb- if you download it -rrb- lock in a room with thug that you must now brawl . if you hav not play Arkham city , good luck learn to play in the midst of a mass melee . the major problem be the game constantly delete game save . I have have my game play erase twice in 2 week . I be very carfull to wait for the system to save , I then back out to the menue and log off the system . still lose my file . one be at % 50 completion , the 2nd at % 75 completion . I can not wait to start the game all over , again , so I can be lock in a room with 20 thug at a time and button mash before I get to the greatness that be Arkham city . oh wait , maybe I will not . the WB and Rocksteady should be ashamed of themselves for this . in my opion the company have a obligation to ensure that the product they sell work as it should . this alone make I wish there be a zero star rating .
809	Video_Games	POS	5	the multiplayer be really addictive . my first real foray into multiplayer . the single player feel like a on rail sort of game which kinda stink . I officially go full-on nerd and get a gaming headset for this game . it be so much fun . the update map be terrific . probably my favorite game thus far . ca not recommend this game enough . it be challenging but with some patient and weapon upgrade you 'll unlock the full potential for maximum fun . I love this game .
760	Video_Games	POS	5	just get the Sharpshooter & it be a must have if u have killzone3 & if ur get Socom 4 ... take time to get use 2 but be great once u learn
622	Video_Games	POS	5	if you have a clue loving , mystery solve family then this be the game for you ! I play it with my 3 child -lrb- age 11,8,6 -rrb- it make we work together and THINK ! put you deductive reasoning and logic skill to the test with three level to choose from -lrb- rookie to expert -rrb- it be a nice change from the more mindless activity of most video game without fall into a educational game category which send kid run !
565	Video_Games	NEG	1	I receive the Wii remote plus not package in the manufacturer 's box . the item come wrap in bubble in a plain brown box . this product be most likely counterfeit and this be unacceptable . I be not expect this from Amazon and I be go to return the product . I buy a lot of thing from Amazon but after this incident I be go to stop do so .
766	Video_Games	NEG	2	I buy this game -lrb- pc version -rrb- for the purpose of play the single version . I do pre-order and receive the game at $ 49 . even at this price it be not worth it for less than 6 hour of game play . I be sure I be in the minority as most people buy this game for the on line experience . with slow internet I do not play on line . you experience play on line may or may not justify what you pay for it , but from a single player perspective it be not worth the price I pay . you would think that there would be more mission , longer game play -lrb- for example half life 2 ?? might be stretch it , my not be practical , though you might get my idea -rrb- . I be probably not the one to comment about on line play , but at least I would think you experience would be different each time vs other on line player even though you may be limit by the number of map . single player in these type of game I know do not leave you much in imaginative way to fight the enemy . you be pretty much assign to the aus of the game . I be 55 year old and maybe a little old school on what I think something be worth but I do not understand why game developer can not add more content to the single player side of the house . even though game have get better over the year -lrb- graphic , sound , etc -rrb- the length of a game seem to have get shorter in some instance . in my naivety I think I be get the extra map in my pre-order version but find out they be for the on line game only . then again maybe I miss something in the description of the game . this game in single version would probably be worth $ 29.95 to I -lrb- probably should have wait -rrb- . not a `` bad '' game to play -lrb- Graphics , sound , AI be good -rrb- but I feel price be start to get carry away and this game be not worth $ 50 - $ 60 in my opinion .
678	Video_Games	POS	5	I think this game be great . great feature , option , gaming ability , spectacular level , and good graphic make this game a fun one to play ! although it may not be what you would expect it to be if you have play the game , it be still fun . if you like Disney 's Hercules -lrb- game -rrb- and x-man mutant academy , you might like this . it be a lot like Hercules and sort of remind I of the x-men game due to it be special feature and the thing you have to do in the level . anyway I think this game be good and it be also for Harry Potter -lrb- game -rrb- lover although the HP game be not really what I expect it to be !
796	Video_Games	NEG	1	in many respects this sim be inferior to fs2004 . the frame rate be terrible and the aircraft viewpoint too fussy to get to quickly . anyone with fs2004 and with good add on scenery I would advise to stay with it . my computer be state of the art with dual core pcu , Nvidea 7900GT graphic . over New York in fs2004 with all slider max out I get over 35 fp , with FSX I get 7 fp . with slider at normal and a slide show . I have since uninstalled my FSX and return to fs2004 .
19	Video_Games	POS	5	if you like to move this be the game for you . follow the dance move and score big in point and get exercise .
749	Video_Games	POS	5	I grow up in the day of Balder 's gate , Morrowind , Oblivion , Diablo 1 & 2 ... . Fallout 2 be definitely my most favorite game of that time . if any of you want to take a step back in time to see the history in the Fallout series , this be the best one to take you on that journey . Fallout 1 be hard to play after you have play Fallout 2 . Fallout Tactics be a game play style unlike any other Fallout so I never get in to it . the first hour be relatively boring because you be simply learn how to play the game . but - as soon as you come out of the cave and hit Arroyo - the game unfold incredibly . there be plenty of new and awesome game come out that I will no doubt play however , this one will always remain in my arsenal . I will never forget how this game shaped part of my teen year and some day i will play it again to reminisce . to this day i still view new skill I learn in real life as perk ; -rrb- + more and more thing I learn in the real world ... I be just gain experience point ! hah hah !
558	Video_Games	NEG	2	the ps2 have inferoir graphic to GameCube and Xbox . its graphic chip run at only 150 mhz . Gamecube ; 205 mhz and xbox be a whopping 780 mhz . plus you have to search for button on the controller , which kinda stink . spend you money on a Gamecube . Nuff say
720	Video_Games	POS	5	i just buy this one for my son because i enjoy use it already -lrb- i have it in black color -rrb- the sound from people mic be very good and clear and other player can hear I just fine . I have have trouble buy headset in the past but this one fit comfortable unlike the other . plus the mic part be build nice and thick so you dont have to worry about it break .
975	Video_Games	POS	5	I truly believe that the Wii make other gaming system boring and I will even say that I no longer want to engage in the thumbplay associate with my XBOX 360 -lrb- yes , I name drop -rrb- . after one hour of playing , I be sweating and my arm be burn . great workout that I do not expect .
497	Video_Games	NEG	1	I get this for Christmas , and I be so excited . I have be wait to get this game for a while and add it to my wishlist . my boyfriend buy it for I and I be so happy . I have to wait until all of the family and friend leave because I know that if this game be anything like the Sims for the pc or any of the other Sims game for console that I be go to be play for hour on end ... sadly it be the opposite . the game give almost no instruction , make a character be very difficult with the option and lagging , the wius system sound like it be try to eat the disc through the entire game ! -lrb- I be scare it might break the wius ! -rrb- the house building option be terrible and you do not really get to build you own home . you can only build inside the four wall they give you . this game be nothing like the original . I be hope for a easier way to see what my Sim 's need be , but there be not . I have to pause the game to check constantly . when I enter the house after leave , the game stop to load every time ! when I try to read a book , the option be to `` read a book '' at random or `` open '' . after open I could move a book to my inventory or vice versa . so I have to move the book I want into the inventory . pause the screen to go to the inventory , and select the book . now I have to select the book in my Sim 's hand and tell they to read it ... way to much work . the lagging make I impatient . and finally the game motion give I a huge headache . I do enjoy control the Sim physically with the controller , but in the previous console game there be always the option to switch to the mode where you can build up a list of thing to do and you sim do they themselves . have to move each Sim all around be very annoying . if I could give this game no star I definately would . too bad my bf get rid of the reciept . I would sell this for 5 buck if that . crap .
313	Video_Games	POS	5	I be hype for this game because I be a classic ne fanboy . the haunting , but simple blip and bleep s of 8-bit soundtrack remind I of the comfort of youth and the happiness of new game , if not any fond family memory , of which I have none . Nintendo be my best friend and babysitter in my early teens and go forward . now , I be usually leave handed but I adapt well to the control scheme and beat this game on level 7 intensity . it sound simple and boring , a rail shooter mix in with some ground combat . but it be not . also , the nonstop dialogue be entertaining and go on almost every moment of every level , and be silly . it be great , I be currently obsess with multiplayer online combat and get 100 % completion of the game , I be not too far off . there be nothing more satisfying than conspire with friend about a win light Vs. dark strategy and then destroy some poor japanese kid .
977	Video_Games	NEG	1	my 4-yr old whose fairly computer savvy sum it up best when he say `` this be too boring '' ... strangely complicate to install , hard to navigate , and not much payoff when you do get to place . for I it be too much of what be bad about the Cars movie -lrb- the story\/characters -rrb- and not enough of what be good about it -lrb- action\/graphics -rrb- . if you value you $ 20 , stay on the interstate and zoom past this radiator Springs adventure .
955	Video_Games	NEG	1	I love Halo on the Xbox . truly the first or second best shooter on any platform . `` half life on the pc be the other contender '' . on my Multimedia super killer Dell wide screen notebook with the new Pentium m processor , Nvidia FX 5650 go Video with 128 mb video RAM and 1 gig of main memory , Halo performance be abysmal .  i figure the other who say this may have be a bit over the top . they werent ! for Microsoft to have release this piece of drek be irresponsible in the extreme . it be the full Halo game and if you set to the higher resolution , the scenery be gorgeous , but , but , but !  unfortunately , even with virtually all the pretty video feature turn off and resolution set down to a abysmal 800x600 , the massive frame rate -lrb- and motion update -rrb- slowing -lrb- to as bad as less than 1 frame per second -rrb- that take place whenever major scene motion occur -lrb- especially in the middle of gunfight and always during in battle reloading -rrb- . make the game practically unplayable . I complete Halo on the Xbox in normal and heroic mode . but the pc version in standard mode be go to be a real challenge because the frame rate and sluggish mouse update be so bad . really , really bad .  there be thing that could have be do to fix these issue before release , but let face it with halo2 loom , Microsoft have to dump it out here now to have any chance of sell it at all . half Life work on the pc and have a truly excellent interface . they do use lower resolution figure and scenery , but the whole thing work together . halo on the pc be on the other end of that spectrum .  do NOT BUY THIS GAME , IT be AWFUL ! go out and buy a xbox and get Halo for it . xbox Halo , alone be worth buy a xbox for . the only thing of value in the pc version be the Box it come in .
626	Video_Games	POS	4	this be a great game for the price , I do admit the 3d graphic be not all that , but it be a great game to play . I like the download play feature , my friend who also have a 3d , can select the `` Download Play '' icon on he 3d 's home screen and he can download a steel diver minus game and he can play with I . it be so much fun !!!! Gameplay be great in my opinion !
38	Video_Games	POS	5	when Bungie announce that they be make Halo 2 , a lot of people think that they be just fix up the original one and add thing . Bungie then inform the public that it be build it all over again and this be much more than just a re-make . the game design and control be identical to the original , while the graphic be bump up a few notch . the texture take a few seconds to load sometimes mid cut-scene , but it be a improvement . you can definately tell the same people design the level in this game that do the last , as there be one or two that be pretty redundant and stretch probably longer than they need to . but overall , this game have many new thing to offer . First off , duel weilding weapon . you can still only store one weapon that you be not use , but the current one , if it be hold by one hand , can leave room for you to pick up another one handed weapon . in this case , you can fire both simultaniously or in whatever combination you want -lrb- alternate and such -rrb- because you right trigger control you right weapon , and leave trigger now control the left one -lrb- as oppose to the grenade , like normal -rrb- . this add much to the game on its own . second , you have a plethora of new weapon to play with . the covenant arsenal have be expand exponentially , and you can now wield the energy sword -lrb- a new favorite , as you could imagine -rrb- . you also get the fuel rod projector , which be the big gun that be graft onto the arm of the hunter - the covenant equivalent to the rocket launcher . it have a covenant equivalent to a sniper rifle , and a carbine also . Third , you can hi-jack vehicle . this be a major plus , but definately a skill to be learn and master . this will make multiplayer much more interesting . also , you can climb on enemy tank , pop the cover open , and drop a grenade in there to cook the pilot without waste a rocket like you have to before . fourth , the story be much more complex . there be more cutscene , and another goodie that be leave out of the previous review -lrb- or at least the one I have read -rrb- . while the story do not flow nearly as easily as the last game , there be essentially two story happen simultaneously . I be guess the story will combine later -lrb- I be only halfway through now -rrb- , but beside the one with the Master Chief , you play the Arbitor in the other . you be the disgraced elite that be in charge of the fleet in the first game . you failure to bring the Master Chief down and preserve the Halo have bring you much pain , and the suicidal position of the Arbitor . you play alongside the Covenant military as he , and run mission against Covenant rebel and other thing . this give much exposure into how the Covenant work and develop they much more so than the last game . two variation to the original classic weapon must be note . the pistol do not have a scope on it anymore , which will definately balance multiplayer game by limit those head-shot guru who never fight up close . also , the previous Assault Rifle , with its automatic fire and 60 round magazine be long go . in its place be the battle Rifle , with a 2x scope , but only a three round burst fire mode , and a 32 shoot magazine . sadly enough , take elite out with that be much harder because you can not bum-rush they while empty you magazine . the three round burst definetly slow down the effectiveness of the rifle in short range combat , which be probably why they introduce the sub machine gun , which be a high rate of fire , caseless , one handed weapon . of course , now you have to have both of they for the same advantage you have with the single Assault Rifle before , but it be a minor setback . I do not have access to XBOX Live where I be at currently , but I be sure this will be one of the greatest live experience to date . I know how much fun the orinigal game be in multiplayer , so this one , with its improvement , will be much better . all in all , the developer have make a game with the same addictive attribute of Halo , but with much more replayability , mass multiplayer option , and enough improvement to fill a football stadium . all of the other fpss I have will have to take a backseat to this . there be just nothing that can compete .
908	Video_Games	POS	4	get it promptly , but the thing actually have a crack\/indentation in it . of the two port , one work perfectly , while for the second , it do not seem to support the analog function of a controller at all -lrb- but the other button get though -rrb- . very tempt to return it and get another one , because it definitely work , but mine come slightly break in the mail .
311	Video_Games	NEG	2	I be very excite to get this game , and could not believe it be such a let down . I want something to get I up and off the couch -lrb- reason for kinect ! -rrb- , and this game want you to sing ! I do not want to sing . you can not turn the singing function off either . it be really really difficult to do the move . definitely not worth $ 50 !!!
952	Video_Games	POS	4	you may have hear that this game be full of bug and plot hole . and yes , to a certain extent that be true . it be also a involve game with great character who be intelligent enough to notice what you be do -lrb- with the influence system , character will hold it against you if you insult they , like you more if you kill someone they think do not deserve to live , etc. -rrb- . you will need to save a lot of game to guard against crash , but unless it be even more buggy than usual on you computer , the story and gameplay will distract you from it .
745	Video_Games	NEG	2	I agree 100 % , two step backwards , total waste of money . I feel like I just spend $ 60 on a really LONG , BORING movie that let you pretend you in it for a while . never should have let Infinity Ward go , treyarch suck . 1 : the soundtrack , `` cut to '' scene and the sound quality make I feel like I be play the original playstation one , aweful , just aweful , it be like they know they could make this game for 10 cent a pop and sell it for 60 buck . 2 : Graphics and story be sub-par , and remind I of the trailer ; spotty , flashy and over all too soon , but then there more , then more , then more , and you leave there wonder when you actually get to play the game instead of watch unemotional scene of spit the f word at shadow in a office while tie to a chair . they should have add a trophy for nausea : realize that when a game only take 50 mb its because there be no game . 3 : Zombie co-op : see as how they leave Infinity Ward in the dark on this one , there be no local co-op awesomeness this time ... just overdo zombie level ... snooze ... it be funny and interesting for all of twenty minute . even though it be a okay zombification of the game there be only one difficulty level and well ... it be be do , so ... way to beat a dead horse , lol . 4 : Multiplayer : so you can modify you own personal tag for online play ... cricket ... cricket ... ITS the EXACT SAME ONLINE AS mw2 , with a few small ` nobody care ' change , that could have be make to mw2 with a free patch . why do everyone defend this game base on its multiplayer , that be just beyond I . what could have be a free patch , just cost 60 dollar to a lot of gamer , and right before the release of two game company actually spend time on Need for speed : HOT PURSUIT and Gran Turismo 5 . 5 : I would re-price this at 19.99 if I personally be involve in the selling of it .
146	Video_Games	NEG	1	seriosly , it be not that good of a game it be a waste of 50 buck just to see some tid if u be read this that mean you online so go to a xxx website do not spend 50 doller it be ... . . sad
763	Video_Games	POS	5	this be the controller that the PS3 should have have from the start . the Sixaxis controller can not compare to it . besides have the rumble capability , the Dualshock 3 weigh about 40 % more and feel much more solid than the Sixaxis . battery life be excellent . I charge it every couple of week . if you own a PS3 , then this be the controller to have .
380	Video_Games	NEG	1	when I get my action replay of course I be excite and it fun to use it , but after my first week of have it , it break . when I put the action replay in my dsus with a game the screen come up white . so , I look up how to fix it and it seem like a lot of other people have this problem and could not fix it . so I would not recommend this to anybody .
363	Video_Games	POS	4	First off . yes you get a tutorial . the first hour or so be completely on training wheel , and after that hour you get introduce to new mechanic as they come up , complete with context pop up . tired of the abrupt manticore fight and dragon movie everytime you start a new character ? too bad . want to just skip all of it and start at the first riftstone ? too bad . already know how to issue command ? too bad , they be get explain again ? why ? tutorial ! every review I have read cries\/praises the lack of a turorial as if this game be somehow the deep end of the pool . sorry , it be there and the learning curve be not all that scary . this be not Demon 's soul . challenge level in combat feel about right for I . I be not get Amalur Carpal tunnel , nor be I boring my way through final Fantasy autocombat . there be not a lot of micromanage in combat , so unless you have some tandem move , the AI be go to take and keep control of you minion . you can configure you minion AI to a extent , though not on the fly . also , since it isnt list anywhere - you can change the vocation of you main character and main pawn , and change back to any unlock vocation with no lose progress . -lrb- if I max out my main pawn as a fighter , then change he to a wizard , he 'll go right back to be a max out fighter should I change he back -rrb- . the Pawn Mechanic be definately what set the game apart . you 'll learn new tactic from visit pawn , and you main pawn will benefit while in other people game . since visit pawn dont level up with you , you 'll need to continually shop around for the ` perfect ' pawn to accompany you . you can rate a pawn and gift the owner on the release of one , and it be do in a pretty complimentary manner . if you lack a internet connection , there be already a large number of pawn ingame for recruiting . the graphic be pretty solid , voice acting be ok . the story be not this big gripping epic , it be a backdrop to start you off and to eventually finish you with . everything that come between be standard wow quest fare . there be no real multiplayer to speak of , but you 'll need a internet connection to access the pawn create by other player , and the group effort fight like the Ur-Dragon . the camera like to hide you . . not nearly as much as Amalur , but it be there . the quest\/map interface be a little clunky , but still serviceable . it also autoformat into widescreen , so you may be stick with formatting bar .
856	Video_Games	NEG	1	the graphic and gameplay be absolutely stunning even on low . that if you can get to that part . this game be very hard to handle . during my time with this product I have encounter white screen of death -lrb- game freeze with a white screen -rrb- , key in use error and so much more . it be almost impossible to get to the good stuff . during the campaign at the end of the first mission i encounter a white screen which make I restart my computer . Them when i give up try to finish the campaign due to all the white screen i attempt multiplayer . that do not work out either . I try over 20 time to enter my game key on my ea account but apparently it be already in use . also because ea have horrible customer support for it be game i do not recomend this game for the pc . any other platform it work fine . I myself have play it on xbox360 and ps3 and it be incredible . for pc not so much especially with all the hassle i have to go through to get the game to work . I end up return my copy for pc . it be a waste of my time to attempt play this on the pc .
348	Video_Games	POS	5	awesome seller !!!! fast shipping , cable work great . I be gonna buy from they again !!!!! a + + + + + + + + + +
795	Video_Games	POS	4	both ea Sports active and more Workouts be great for give you a lot of potential workout and keep you motivate . I have find the 60 day challenge workout for the more workouts version be more challenging than the 30 day challenge workout for the original . I also love that they add a warm up and cool down to each . my favorite cardio routine on the original be the step cardio boxing and the dancing . on the newer version , the squash be a blast . I keep want to do it over and over to see how far I can get without miss the ball . I also like some of the obstacle course workout and the run now have a view vs. just a track as in the original . here be some of the thing I wish they have do differently : be able to combine workout in both version to create the custom workout allow `` replacement '' workout in the challenge -lrb- I wish this be in the first as well -rrb- . for example , I have trouble with some of the high impact move due to joint\/back problem and large natural breast that bounce even with a good bra -lrb- i.e. the skip -lrb- jump rope -rrb- and stride jump -rrb- I wish they would allow you to choose a alternate workout in the challenge vs. just delete it so you still keep the same time , calorie , etc. . this be my biggest complaint . finally , it be annoy that they keep repeat the `` watch I '' in the warm up exercise . once you have do it once , that should go away just like the video in the regular workout . overall , both workout be a great value for the money and more workout just build on the great start from ea Sports active . the controller recognition\/response seem better as well .
68	Video_Games	NEG	1	it be obvious that Spore be no longer the most wanted game this year . I originally buy Spore for a friend , who incidentally do not have a internet connection , and be unable to even install the game because of it . because of this , I give he another game in exchange for Spore . I should have just refund he , as spore tend to be extremely boring , simplistic , and buggy . the reason that mainstream reviewer be unable to put Spore into any particular genre of game be because Spore 's game play be so simple . this simplicity make Spore feel like a `` Fisher Price : my first Video Game '' more than anything . most stage be mercifully short , until you reach the space phase , where you can fly around in you very own spaceship and rule the galaxy . sound great , do not it ? unfortunately , it be not . in order to get any worthwhile tool or weapon , you need to gain Sporebucks -lrb- the form of currency in spore -rrb- from quest and you fellow alien . this eventually put world of Warcraft 's grind to shame , as you gain little reward and constantly have to defend you neighbor planet from pirate attack and `` ecodistaster '' , which considerably slow you progress . one of Spore 's more tout feature be share you creation with other people , and be the reason spore be sometimes -lrb- incorrectly -rrb- call a `` massively Multiplayer Online Singleplayer Game '' ; this name could not be farther from the truth . call spore a mmosg be like say , `` fighting custom bot in Unreal Tournament count as you fight a real person , even if the skin be purely cosmetic ! a real person make the skin , so it count ! '' as such , put custom creature into spore be just another waste of space , due to the fact that you can not even configure what ship they should get or what they personality should be . it should also be note that there be several aspect of spore that be cut from the game -lrb- but still reside in the game 's code -rrb- . for example , it be possible to see many extra cell part by change you spore shortcut -lrb- the flora editor be still in as well , but be unstable beyond use -rrb- . as nice as extra stuff sound , it be impossible to actually use any of this . Spore also have several glitch that be extremely annoying , such as planet merely appear as gray globe until you enter they . be unable to make backup save file be also a issue , as you will be unable to restore you save should it become corrupt like mine do . Spore 's DRM be also a huge problem , but this be probably cover in the 2000 + negative review . all in all , Spore be a waste of money , computer space , and time . I strongly urge fellow gamer to stay away from this game . I do not see Spore 's expansion pack sell very well . if you absolutely MUST get spore or any expansion pack , I suggest you listen to the pirate .
551	Video_Games	POS	4	good overall sound quality , when i hook it up to my xbox i be a little confused at first because you have to hook it up to the av cable , then have to go and turn the game volume down to hear my friend talk that my only complaint , but it perform extremely well on my pc
742	Video_Games	POS	4	the metal Gear solid series be not the sort of thing for everyone . it be not really intend to be a first person shooter , for starter . secondly , it be not suppose to be a perfect re-creation of reality . as it have be mention by the creator , Hideo Kojima , time and time again , if mg be a perfect simulation of reality , the hero of the series , Snake , would not last more than a few minute in all likelihood . Third , MGS be still limit by the technical limitation of the technology -lrb- which I will get to later -rrb- . and above all else , mg be about sneak , and rewarding stealthy behavior . this be a bit too -lrb- ... -rrb- retentive for most people , but for other , it be highly enjoyable . to each he own ... Anyhow , down to the good and bad random though about this game , which I finally finish early yesterday morning : I love the graphic of this game . MGS have already try to push the boundary of the Playstation hardware , and it do not fail here . there be time when there be slowdown -lrb- e.g. too many explosion and people on the screen at the same time -rrb- , but it be very rare unless you happen to be goof around try to attack a whole platoon at the same time . even the there have to be lot of explosion occur at the same time . mechanics-wise , yes , the camera be awful , and make this game so much harder to play . it do not make sense to be move around and accidentally bump into a enemy . Konami need to fix this in the next iteration of MGS , b\/c it be become a linger handicap that scare alot of people away from enjoy the game . I have read from other review though that this be not really they fault ... it be the fact that if mg be implement use a 3rd-person camera as in Splinter Cell , it would perform very poorly on the ps2 -lrb- as demonstrate by the ps2 version of splinter cell -rrb- . the game , outside of the strange quirkiness in the dialogue , have some funny dialogue to keep the player amuse from time to time . especially for the people who hate mgs2 , there be a good joke at the beginning . = -rrb- the emotional impact of the dialogue be dilute by some of the voice-acting , especially in the end . I feel that David Hayter -lrb- who voice Snake -rrb- , need to pace some of he line a little bit better , b\/c he still sound like he be read they too much . but it be a welcome thing to hear he gruff voice again . ditto for the Boss and Eva . it be hard ... american version still have alot of work to do in regard to match the quality of voice-act to they japanese counterpart . plot-wise ... mgs3 be not as interesting as the original MGS , but the gameplay more than make up for the weaker , less engaging storyline . in term of the AI ... I mean , what do people expect ? yeah , if you assassinate somebody with a sniper rifle , of course , in real life , people would be look for you and be on high alert for hour , try to hunt you down to kill you . but this be a game and thus only a imitation of the way thing `` would '' be . it be definitely a pain in this game to have to sit around for 2 + minute at a time wait for the alarm to settle down though , I think that be plenty sufficient . the AI 's actually quite aggressive when you be discover , they seem to have get smarter of attack as a group . there be some mediocre boss fight , and then there be some interesting one as well . my favorite be the one against the enemy sniper , the end . it be satisfy to figure out how to beat he . the boss here be more fun to approach than the one in mgs2 . in regard to gameplay , the camouflage can become a bit repetitive . it be unnatural , and too bad , that the player can not quickly equip a gun when wear certain uniform in this game ... that restriction should not have be put in place . the same go for the cure system . the food be just as redundant , but it be fun to hear the reaction of the character and to be challenge in find food . it may have be `` unrealistic '' in how much damage Snake could take in the game , but that be to offset the fact that eat food in the game do not help you recover health ... it only help in make sure that you regeneration rate remain high . the plethora of weapon in this new mgs3 be great . love it !! I like how the structure be alot less linear ... it be still drive by a linear story , but at least , you be give more option as to how to approach certain enemy or even simply different sequence in the game . if you do not feel like go stealthy , that be fine , you can create a bloodbath and kill everybody on a particular level . on the other hand , you can take the quiet approach . you have that freedom , whereas in the previous game , if you try to pull that , you would go down in less than a minute . cqc be a welcome addition . it be still a bit too simplistic , but the gamepad 's only get so many button on it , so I be not sure how the depth in hand-to-hand combat could be expand opon , save for maybe include some clever sfius button and stick combination ... lol . that might be sweet . maybe as a bonus Konami could enable Snake to do a dragon punch if you complete the game once or something like that . it be a good first effort into broaden what Snake can do . the knife be a nice addition . it would have be better if Snake could kill people who be knock out on the ground with one stroke , but hey , at least a knife be include in this game . the cqc knife 's a little bit too sensitive , if you be clumsy it be too easy to kill people by accident when try to interrogate they at time , at least when you be first try to learn . the u.s version do not include a cut-scene theater , which be a shame . = -lrb- all in all , I would not go so far as to call this the `` best game ever make , '' but it be fun , enjoyable , and I look forward to future release in mg or whatever it be go to be call .
37	Video_Games	POS	4	I see this item and think it be the best option from the rest . it be a bit more expensive than the other but it have all the thing you can ask for . also , there be other alternative but they cost about the same price but have less feature so this be probably the best thing to get . it hold you ps3 slim pretty good and do not take up much room . I do not know why people be complain that you can only charge two move wand controller and not four . that be why they add the extra four usb port so you can use the usb cable to charge the rest of you move . overall , the charge station work great . great buy and I recommend it to everyone for now .
455	Video_Games	POS	4	I get this game and it be great , but it have only 1 drawback . it have a very slow load time due to the large map . besides that , its alot of fun .
109	Video_Games	POS	4	the maker of this game go about it a little differently on this one , therefore make for a less predictable and more enjoyable game experience . there be still some repetitive task you must complete to finish the game , but the add element make it feel not so bad . I be gonna give this one a huge thumb up . definitely worth the play for fan of this genre . the end be kinda weird , but kool still .
437	Video_Games	NEG	1	Compre el xbox en usa y I lo enviaron por medio de una casilla . I llego a Chile y al conectarlo funciona por alguno minutos y luego comnienza a apagarse y prenderse !!!!! UFFF , , , , terrible , hacer una compra de un producto nuevo y no funciona . Lamentablemente el xbox lo tengo en Chile y lo representantes de la marca I dicen que la garantia no corre en mi pais ... no lo puedo creer , ahora I quedo con un xbox con kinect de adorno o florero . Muy mala experiencia , segunda vez que I pasa algo parecido , no le recomiendo a nadie comprar asus .
275	Video_Games	POS	5	fable iii live up to the expectation and pass they by a million mile . this be the best game in the fable series . I can not believe some of the stuff that they do that make fable iii the great game that it be . this be my first pre-order ever , and it be a perfect game to start . fable iii have great story , great graphic , great physics and so much more that be great ! the new spell system be awesome , you wear gauntlet that allow you to channel the will power inside of you . you can also now `` weave '' spell together to make a combo-spell that effect the enemy 2 way , e.g. do not like just burn guy ? do not like just zap 'n em ? do both ! I love the new `` Gooey '' system , no more 2d list to choose you weapon from , now you go to a place call the sanctuary to change you weapon , clothing , etc. . Weapon modify work better than I have hope , the weapon really change accord to how you use they . New interact with ai be amazing to say the least , hold hand bring a new element to fable . you know that time in fable ii when you someone to follow you but they get scare of you or do not want to follow ? well now you can just grab be and drag be . you can now interact with people online better . you can become business partner with people online , you can even marry they -lrb- in the game of course -rrb- ! very good choice of voice . to list just some of they : John Cleese -lrb- Monty Python , James Bond , Harry Potter , Shrek 1,2 and 3 , the Pink panther 2 , and more ! -rrb- , Bernard Hill -lrb- Titanic , Lord of the ring , and more ! -rrb- , Zoe Wanamaker -lrb- Harry Potter , my Family , and more ! -rrb- , Sir Ben Kingsley -lrb- fear be the key , Gandhi , without a Clue , and more ! -rrb- , and many more ! and now a say on the limited edition . I be happy to say that they do NOT cut anything out like they have to in fable ii because of cost . I love the extra thing that come with the limited edition . the special coin look very like a coin out of fable and can be helpful for that neutral character you have for decide to take the good choice or the evil choice -lrb- you can use a regular coin I guess but this one look cooler ! -rrb- . the deck of card be very nice and look like the virtual card in fable ii pub game in the old paper look and show a lot of different character possibility . the `` book '' that you keep the game in be very nice look and keep the game , coin and card safe . the book be real , faux leather-bound . a magnet keep the cover on and another keep the `` secret drawer '' close . the `` secret drawer '' be where you special stuff be . you open the top and there be you game , but where be the extra ? pull the bottom down and there be a drawer that hold you stuff . the `` book '' can also be cover with the cardboard sleeve . it have the fable iii logo on top , the picture on the front , detail on the back and a smash chicken on the bottom -lrb- no really ! -rrb- . the code for the extra be great ; a new quest , that I will not spoil , new location -lrb- where you get a great house that never fall into disrepair -rrb- , a unique outfit , new weapon and a new boxer dog breed ! the limited edition be way worth the extra money . I be so happy that this game live up to it be hype and to the fable name . I be look forward for every fable game to come . if there be a hundred star rating this game would have it . thank you so much for the next perfect game , in the perfect series Lionhead .
754	Video_Games	NEG	2	it do not suck I in and I do not like that you have to start whole section over if you do not make certain check-point .
840	Video_Games	NEG	1	my husband and son be so excited about this game that against we budget I buy it as a Christmas surprise . well they get the surprise . we computer have be busy for day download and download and download this stupid game . you can not play it unless you be online . be you crazy !!!!! we would not allow a continous open gateway for someone to hack into we computer . where be the disc ?? why do Bethesda release this game and trick people into something so unfair . what happen to the company that make fun game for pc . my husband and son be so angry . I could have purchase 2 game for the waste $ 50 on `` SKYRAT '' what a scam BETHESDA . never again . beware and know that this game be like a control parent that will have they way like it or not . DONT BUY . I only wish AMAZON would give we we money back . oh yeah , this crappy steam company will not allow you to `` sell the game back '' it be a one owner purchase period . it be the last that BETHSDA will ever see from we !
357	Video_Games	POS	5	I stop buy cable and stuff in the store , it be way cheaper online . this product plug right into my x-box and be simple to set up with my att u-verse network . awesome to be wireless !
903	Video_Games	NEG	1	the game itself be good enough . no complain on that . if you be listen ea , I will not buy ANOTHER GAME with ea on it if you think origin be the future of your way of gaming .
517	Video_Games	POS	5	it be awsome better than ps2 and xbox it have all kind of cool game only for gamecube and have cool accesory like the game boy player and wavebird ps2 have to much button on the controller xbox controller be way to big but the gamecube be perfect . it have fast proccesor and who care about it play dvd 's .
279	Video_Games	POS	4	I be sure that other have cover the basic mechanic by now , so I 'll spare anyone who read my opinion from have to read they again . this be also spoiler free . combat : this be the high point of the game for I . it be be a very long time since I play a handheld rpg that the dev team actually go out of they way to make combat more than a tedious chore . the turn\/grid base strategy combat system be so fun for I I actually go out of my way to change up my team to try out new thing . not that there be not a `` golden team '' that be more powerful than other in a majority of situation , like most rpg with multiple party member , but there be no character that be terrible enough to bench permanently . one of the best part about combat be that if you do not feel like fight you can skip every single non-boss encounter in the game by stunning , run and dodge . and if you be good enough at the combat mechanic the lack of level will not hurt you progression . I love it when a game let 's I make decision on what be fun at the time , rather than force I to slog through whatever be not . another nice thing be that you can go back in time to any fight you want and try it again with a different set up just for fun without have to restart the entire game to do so . I wish more game would allow this . story : personally , the story start out interesting but quickly sink into stereotypical theme . it might be fresh for someone who have not play a lot of jrpg , but if you have I would be very surprised if you be unable to guess every single plot twist come from a mile away . the foreshadowing be so constant that I find myself wish the writer would just present the twist already and spare I another crappy moment of `` oh it could not be this thing that it be '' . I also do not like the fact that some bit of the plot come out of nowhere , seemingly write in at the last second to cover a generic rpg trope . no offense to those who find the same old stuff find in countless other games\/books\/movies comforting . it be just not my thing . the time travel via node system seem pretty exciting at first , but that fade away quickly when I realize that the story be still linear . at certain point you will be ask to make one of two choice . sometimes it will not be obvious that one trivial decision will lead to certain doom , but it will . and after you have make this decision it be game over , back to the start of the chapter , press start to skip , go back to Historia to select the right node , etc. . player be encourage to view every bad end with the promise of a special ending , but as it be with the rest of the story it be easy to guess what change by simply view the normal ending and have basic knowledge of usual rpg plot twist . I honestly feel like I waste my time on it and wish I have cheat by use a list to save myself the effort . my main complaint about the story be that this game have the illusion of choice without actually have any to make , because there be always just one right decision . A.k.a. the `` true history '' as it be explain on the back of the box . I prefer to be give choice . music\/graphics : because the review would not be complete without it . the music be pretty nice and the piano version on the CD , if you be able to pick up a game from the original print run , be very pretty . I also like the sprite quite a bit , but that be just my taste . I can see someone who prefer 3d not like it , but say the graphic be terrible just because the art be 2d be silly . overall I like the gameplay quite a bit . if you like fun combat , or even the choice of run away , I would recommend it . however , if you play rpg for the story and be look for something new and interesting it might be better to pick this one up use .
831	Video_Games	POS	4	excellent product . actually save a battery I be have problem with before . my battery refuse to charge , but with this , it get it right back to charge -lrb- the charge cable could have be bad , not sure -rrb- . it be small , take little space , and charge battery within hour . Great little product for the price .
147	Video_Games	NEG	1	I buy this game for my 5 year old - who love Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus . big Mistake ! my husband and I have have to help she with most of the game . eventually , we all give up . at one point in the game you have to use the mouse in a circular motion to change the `` horse '' into Brietta . we give up because we all have sore arm from try ! if you want to buy a great `` Barbie '' computer game . . choose Barbie Princess and the pauper ! the game be fun and my 5 year old love it ! this game be a Christmas present and I would return it if I could !!!
887	Video_Games	NEG	2	the game be the original and that be fun , goofy campy , corny fun . but the softaware and the support be horrendous , i try to re-install on my recently purchase computer -lrb- vista home premium -rrb- and could install but not play it
643	Video_Games	POS	5	simply put , do not get a memory card for you gc unless it be Nintendo brand . how many time have I have memory card constantly become corrupted and have file mysteriously disappear ? but this have never happen with the first party brand . there really be no other choice . buy first party memory card , or do not buy they at all .
261	Video_Games	NEG	1	I buy this headset for my son despite the bad review and regret it . this item work for almost a week and then the sound start cut in and out , now my son say it do not work at all . it be a good price but you will not have a headset after a week or two . do yourself a favor and opt for a better quality item .
999	Video_Games	POS	5	i love shopping online with amazon i always get my package in a timely fashion ... i love the fact that im able to track my package , and i also can have tracking update send to my phone via sm message ... . kingdom heart be a great game for adult and child of all age its a family game in my opinion ...
847	Video_Games	NEG	2	there be not much more to it -- it be the ` introductory game ' to the Playstation move equipment . be the game fun to play ? yup . do they get boring very quickly once you figure they out ? yup . ... which be why you can buy this use or online for under 10 buck . I actually enjoy bocce more than any other game , to my surprise ... while ping pong be very physical , which be fun . Beach volleyball be too limited to give a ` real ' feeling , and archery take a few round to figure out -- jury 's still out on what I think of it . overall it be a good starter to get you into the move equipment , before you move onto other stuff .
937	Video_Games	POS	5	so I be tire of switching cable composite\/component cable at the back of my PS3 to alternately switch between a older , Sony CRT VEGA tv -lrb- which still have a spectacular picture btw -rrb- and to a projection system use a component cable ... so I order this universal cable to avoid swap connector at the PS3 . why would anyone do such a thing ? simple , I be not always in the mood for a giant gaming experience and it avoid use precious projector bulb life 'cause they be not cheap . the cable work perfectly for this purpose on the PS3 . both composite and component connection be route in the cable and both work with the selector switch on hdtv -lrb- PS3 in NTSC mode -rrb- . to define the ultimate in laziness , I no longer have to leave the couch to switch between the two ... it be just a menu setting change on the PS3 . all route pass through my av receiver so I do not even have to change the input selection on the receiver . I could route component signal to the tv as well but I would have to have a buffered video signal box to split the receiver 's component output while not degrade the signal to the projector . not to mention the tv be natively only ntsc resolution anyway even though it do have a component input -lrb- a complete waste -rrb- . I could go into greater detail about video format but seem like overkill just talk about a cable . since the universal cable be also suppose to work with the Wii , I think I would plug that in too . user should take caution when attempt to turn on two device at the same time and potentially just plug they in at the same time as all the connection be route together in the cable which could lead to a video\/audio output try to drive another video\/audio output . probably will not hurt anything except there will not be a picture or sound . I quickly discover , however , that the composite signal for the Wii with the selector on hdtv do not output anything on composite . I would guess that the Wii console need to detect a pin on the cable to switch video mode ... can not run both output at the same time but be that really important for most user ? : -rrb- I do not test the cable with a 360 but I will say I be impressed that the 360 connector appear to have the optical audio converter build in like the Microsoft brand component cable . I see that at the time of write the m component cable for 360 cost a little less than this universal cable . chance be it be the same as the Wii in that the console need to detect a pin on the cable to switch video mode so the component\/composite can not be use simultaneously . basically , cable work exactly as I be hope for my PS3 : -rrb-
805	Video_Games	NEG	1	the game be poorly optimize for pc , I can not recommend buy it as it currently be . a patch be release today which seem to make thing worse for some people , I include , but some other people claim it fix they stuttering issue , so that be kind of a gamble . if they do manage to fix the stutter issue , +2 star !
121	Video_Games	NEG	1	as long as I have to install origin this game will never enter my pc . over 50 $ for buy ea spyware - this be a bit of a stretch . Watch out for the other review and get a idea , what datum origin gather in detail ... tax return file , photo , messenger program . no way !
376	Video_Games	POS	5	yeah that be what make I by this game , that , and how hype up it be before even the 360 be launch . Gears of War be a 3rd person shooter that be far different from any I have ever play before . while it be a shooter , and while you do chop locust be half with chainsaw , the main objective in this game for I be to learn to take cover . that be what make GOW different from all these other shooter , you have to learn to take cover , or , you will die . you main button to use in this game be the a button , you run , roll , dive , and take cover use this one button . yes , it take time to get use to , but once you get it , you get it . the graphic be some of the best 360 have to offer with the best aus ive see in a game . enemy be SMART , they flank you , and if you dont attack when they want you to , they dont wait for you . the suspense be mind bogogling -lrb- yes i dont no how to spell that -rrb- . look up above cover and see this big , locust thing runnin at you with a gun bigger than you body will make you wet . the game be hard , but it never get old . I cant really recall ever get angry at this game , it be just to fun . so if you like shooter and dont have this , its a must have .
694	Video_Games	NEG	2	I have play both Sims 1 and Sims 2 on my pc for year . I be not able to get Sims 3 for my pc because my pc be not up-to-date . when I see that Sims 3 be come to console , I be thrill . I could now play the Sims 3 . I do like be able to go anywhere within the neighborhood without have extremely long load time -lrb- compare to v. 1 & 2 -rrb- . I also like the opportunity that you Sim can take advantage of . I have enjoy play this over the last couple of day . however , today be my first chance to dedicate a decent amount of time to this game . I do have some complaint regard this version game . the book be confuse . you have to keep they in inventory and then select they from inventory in order to read one . there be a glitch here . as soon as you select anything from inventory , a menu pop up but do not have say item -lrb- like a book -rrb- among the choice . you have to cancel by hit you b button and then hit select , the a button , all over again . I can not tell where my Sim be in he or she relationship with someone . there be no number and the bar in the relationship panel look the same for all the Sims . there be also no explanation about what some of the object do like there be for the pc game -lrb- such as which of the kid toy be educational -rrb- . -lrb- Though for I , this be a minor thing . -rrb- I do not realize there be no fireman -lrb- I be lucky enough not to have a fire -rrb- , as I read on another review , but do see there be no way to hire a maid , butler , or nanny . these be all available from day 1 on the Sims for the pc and be even advertise in one of the video for the console game . where be they ? what would happen if my family have kid ? I have only be able to have my Sim do one thing at a time because of the way they have choice set up . also , if I have more than one Sim in the family , there be problem . if , for example , I have Sim # 1 cook a meal , and then I select Sim # 2 and have they workout , Sim # 1 will sometimes stop what he\/she be do . I have even see the unselected Sim wander all around town just to go to the bathroom . be this a problem with sim 3 for the pc ? I do not know as this be my first experience with sim 3 . my biggest complaint seem like the biggest `` glitch . '' after a few hour of game play , there be problem with the neighbor -- all of they . at first I think it be only the neighbor my Sim meet , but then I start a new game and be careful about who they meet , but then I see neighbor my Sim never meet in they own yard `` scream '' because they all need to use the toilet ! neighbor die for unknown reason ! one neighbor be invite over to my Sims house . he raid the fridge and promptly go to bed to sleep . he die before he wake up ! try to have a relationship of any kind with one of the neighbor and you have better make sure to invite they over all the time so they can get they need fulfil . after all , you be just start `` life as a Sim '' and do not have enough karma point to save they all !! I have another Sim who be a romantic . he build a relationship with one neighbor and do not have she over for 2 day while work on another . this `` lady '' die the next day . this game ought to have a lifetime goal of humanitarian because you Sim will be too busy try to keep all he or she friend and neighbor from die to do anything else ... or just let they all die ???? ever since the Sims 2 come out , this game , at least for I , turn into a game of create generation from the first Sim you create . this do not seem possible with the console version of Sims 3 . my biggest concern be how will these problem with the game get solve ? will they get solve ? or have I just blow my money ? in the past with the pc Sims game , patch be available for download . can the same be do for Wii ?
814	Video_Games	NEG	1	if you buy this drm-infested game , you can only install it three time - after that , you have to call a hotline to activate it again . you do not buy but rent it , but only for the full buying price . no thanks , this be rip of the customer . we do not need this , instead buy another game that let you do what you want with it .
85	Video_Games	POS	4	the jak and Daxter game for the ps2 have always be some of my favorite game and naughty dog rarely let 's they fan down . this be another great game in the series although as you would imagine from the title you play as daxter alone . you be a exterminator and you go around kill different type of bug and nasty . the boss battle be great and well do , the game be enormous consider it be a portable game ! the graphic be ps2 quality . the load time be not that bad , compare to some other PSP title . my favorite level so far be the subway where you have to jump from one train to the other , it be pretty wicked . there be even minigame sprinkle about , when you collect enough precurser orb -lrb- the copper look egg thing -rrb- you can return to Daxter 's bed and he will have a dream sequence ! you play different action hero depend on the dream for example : neo from the matrix , the guy from Braveheart , and other . these be button mashing minus game where you have to press the corresponding button in the order show to hit the bad guy that come at you . the Matrix level be particularly great . the camera be probably do the best they could do on the psp but it be frustrate at time . pick this game up for yourself or the jack and daxter fan in you family ! you will not be disappoint .
655	Video_Games	POS	4	I think this game be pretty fun . I buy the xbox version . there have be a couple of hang up in game play , and sometimes you character can get stick in place . it be not perfect , but there be a lot of quest and you can do side thing like alchemy , metal-smithing , etc. . the fighting be not as sensitive as other game of the same genre , but it be not bad . hint : save the game after you make you character -lrb- or be I the only person that have to re-make my character cos I do not save she first ?? -rrb- . and save often - you will not like how far back you have to go w the auto-save sometimes .
321	Video_Games	NEG	1	this game be very stupid and pointless . I would not give it any star if I could . this game be a waist of money , heck they should be pay you . I give this game -5 star hope this review will help someone . that be not all the animation be bad and the plot be childish !
398	Video_Games	POS	5	pokemon Crystal be the BEST game Nintendo have release for the Gameboy Color System ! it be the first pokemon game that allow player to choose whether they want to play as a boy or a girl trainer !! this be something Nintendo should have do before ... anyway , Crystal have the best animation of any pokemon Gameboy game I have see too , and it only work for Gameboy Color . although this game have not be release in the usa or Canada to date , I have play the japanese version . even without full understanding of the game I have fun play it ... graphic , color , storyline , pokemon to catch ... it be all fantastic ! buy pokemon Crystal today and you wo not be sorry ! you 'll have a blast ! -rrb-
638	Video_Games	POS	5	I would say this look good ; it seem to be add a firework show feautre , and a major game downfall be no show outside of the cinema . it should be good .
430	Video_Games	NEG	2	the graphic be not that bad , the video be not bad either , but like what everyone say before , this game have stuff that make no sense . like the developer leave out the little detail . for example , for the task , one person will ask you to clean out `` Comet 's stall '' but the person never say which of the , what , maybe 10 stall stable be Comet 's . same with be ask to take someone else 's horse to pasture . . I later notice he horse look the same as the horse I choose on the second level . so many glich as well . for example , it will not let I let go of the horse , or let I put the horse in its stall , drive I nut ! its ashamed because the game have so much potential . it just need to be more user friendly and logical .
319	Video_Games	NEG	2	great concept and conception , but need further development . first of all , if you be leave handed , you should stop read this . this product be not for you . it be advertise as be ambidextrous . but the left thumb stick would need to be handle with you right hand . you -lrb- and you brain -rrb- will spend too much time try to adjust to the conflict of a regular dual shock controller . second , i be amaze to read how many people state that this device , with the move controller attach , be `` accurate '' . it be far from it and be well document -lrb- do a search on the iwaggle3d review -rrb- . you can not calibrate the sight to point straight , ever . there be a drift on the target ... it move `` off-center '' from the sharp shooter . re-calibrating in-game or with the ps3 utility do not fix this issue . this be why the `` sight '' attachment plan be postpone . so `` aim down the rail '' be impossible at the moment . the most accurate would be the wius remote and nunchucku combo `` zapper '' or use light gun technology such as guncon to get pinpoint aim . next ... this product be make more for the `` casual '' gamer . any hardcore gamer would be too lazy to do this for hours\/days\/months \/ year other than to give it a try -lrb- look up the truth b tell show review -rrb- . just like the wius and the kinect be cater to the occasional gamer , so be this . and for that , it be a nice peripheral . it be mean to be use as comfortable as possible ... from the shoulder or the hip instead of eye level . size ... it be way too bulky . again , it be ok for the casual gamer . but if you be sit down , it will always get in the way , especially the butt stock , even with it detract all the way in -lrb- again , refer to the truth b tell show review -rrb- . it feel more like a carbine , which be not ideal . a better design would have be a small smg or pistol rifle configuration for the hardcore gamer . this would have enable the gamer to use the device in a more relax position for a longer play time . what i have do be hack-sawed the stock ... or you can disassemble and remove it if you do not feel like destroy the sharp shooter . it feel much more comfortable this way . with these point make , i can not recommend this for anyone serious about gaming . let I put it this way . if you be go up against someone with a dual shock controller or bare p move\/navigator combo , you will get 0wned big time on multi-player . but it be fun for single-player or campaign . game ... there be only a few that utilize this attachment . and some developer do not learn the lesson that wii developer go through . they be make the same mistake for controller function and camera control . sometimes , i feel like ask , `` do not they at LEAST play link 's crossbow training ? '' . ... it will take sony developer awhile since they be `` re-invent '' the wheel , or the zapper in this instance . but i be sure thing will get better , at least on par like high voltage software 's `` the conduit '' and its ' implementation , down the road .
491	Video_Games	NEG	2	never do I own a game before that require steam . to play the game you have to log into Steam to launch . so why do I buy a dvd and get force to use steam ? shortly after join Steam so I could play since I already open the package and could not return it now I get a notice from Steam that they have be hack and may have lose customer information . that really give I the warm and fuzzy . as far as the game it actually load on Windows 7 x64 unlike Fallout 3 that work fine on Vista but would not load when I upgrade . the mouse movement and graphic seem really jerky . I try to use a XBOX 360 wireless controller only to find out I need a $ 20 adapter . so i try a pc joystick and I do not seem to do anything ... as far as gameplay , it have not manage to keep I envolve . I keep walk away and come back later . I have just find my way to the keep after have to repeat the open many time . at the moment I have to call it disappointing hopefully I 'll make it thru all the intial b and learn to like the game ... just may take a while ...
982	Video_Games	POS	5	it be easy to use , cheap and funny , my son learn to play very quickly and modify he previous game offer new alternative for entertaiment and hour of pleasure . the code be provide by the web . I recommend you .
435	Video_Games	NEG	1	we have prisoner of Azkaban for the pc . it be a much better game than this one . you be actually allow to use the mouse , unlike in gof ! we also have the order of the Phoenix for Wii . that be get it be problem too , but at least the game be write with that platform in mind - this game be simply a Playstation game plop onto a pc platform . Ugh . buy Azkaban instead , and do not waste you money on this one .
608	Video_Games	NEG	1	this be the first and will be the last securom product I 'll ever buy . the game start off good enough , but eventually just become tedious and pointless . give it to the local thrift shop while there be still a activation or two leave . I 'll include a note that the drm stuff will soon make it worthless . Might be worth pay a buck for .
604	Video_Games	POS	5	the game be fun and creative . it be the best game I have ever play . also I save 50 % money with this bundle . so wonderful !
910	Video_Games	NEG	1	the DRM be insane . I can not even install the game to play on separate account on the same computer . they need to offer a family pack or something similar . I do not mind ` rent ' a game if the DRM scheme be reasonable but what be use for spore make it very family unfriendly .
679	Video_Games	NEG	2	I have a gfocer 8600 gt and when i try to play this game , i feel like i come back to the atarus day , the resolution suck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! big time but i guess be not the game fault be my computer 's
253	Video_Games	NEG	1	ea have lose I as a customer . since when do buy a product mean you cant use it forever . I have have to reformat my hard drive over three time and I do it on a regular basis to have a fresh os . now I be tell that I will no longer be able to do that and install this game over 3 time ??? this be spore , they will make million off of this game and have no reason to worry about copyright infringement all at the cost of the customer who actually do buy the game . I be very frustrated and extremely disappointed .
330	Video_Games	POS	5	just a few thing I have not see mention in other review . rechargable battery vs. weight - I purchase Energizer Rechargable NiMH battery specifically for we Wii Remotes . they be a little pricey but they last a impressive amount of time per change . during a trip to a friend 's house with the Wii in tow one pair happen to die , so he find some traditional coppertop to replace they with . the weight difference be insane . in game like Wii Sports tennis where controller swing timing be crutial it feel like it make a difference . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 Player ? - we have notice when run 4 Wii remote at a time they tend to jump around as to which Remote be actually which number of player . you may exit a game that you be just player 3 on , the third blue light on you remote be light , but you hand onscreen be red and have a 2 in it . it do not affect gameplay really , but tend to be frustrating consider we be talk about the most expensive `` standard '' controller on the market now . Wish there be a independant off switch - ready to play , just grab a remote and push the a button -lrb- or 1 and 2 simultaneously -rrb- to have it attempt to begin communicate with the Wii . but when not it use you almost have to place it on a alter all by itself , so it do not happen to sit face down constantly try to sync , and drain you battery .
471	Video_Games	POS	4	Nancy Drew Danger on Deception Island be very intreging and mysterious . it be not to easy and it be not to hard . it be very well do and do not bear you at all ! I , personally think that it could be scary at time but that the whole point right !? 2 thumb up !
217	Video_Games	POS	5	this be simply a beautiful and amazing piece of hardware . have play uncharted , FIFA Soccer and Wipeout 2048 for the last two day now , I can honestly say that Sony have deliver on all the high promise that be make over the last year . most of the thing that other reviewer criticize seem to be unavoidable : of course the battery life have to be much more limited than that of the iPad , and of course a 5-inch screen will not replace you hd-tv . also , in contrast to the iPad , every Vita be heavily sponsor by Sony - time will tell if they ever get they money back . the one thing that I think could and should have be avoid be the low placement of the two analog joystick . this be fix if you buy one of the various `` hand grip '' or `` trigger grip '' - I buy Sony 's for $ 18 , and it fix the problem .
598	Video_Games	NEG	1	I regret have ever buy this game it be AWFUL and I want MY MONEY back . that be say , amazon ship my order hellum fast . five star for you , amazon warehouse worker .
272	Video_Games	POS	5	my 8 , 6 , and 4 yr old all love and can play this game with confidence . some of the other ds game be more difficult and my younger child become more frustrated . the Super Mario game be a perfect game for young child !
354	Video_Games	POS	5	for the past 6 month , I have be alternate between just Dance , just Dance 2 and Michael Jackson the experience . this game be the perfect follow up to that training as it challenge I while also build upon the dance skill I have acquire . love it !
159	Video_Games	POS	4	sadly , I have no broadband . therefore , i can not enjo what be probably the best part of this game . however , I have play the campaign , and i can tell you it be a little disapointing . the plot be dumb , and the charactor be thin . through out the entire game , the only threat to you be enemy mech , which pop up more often later , but during the begining it be just point and shoot . the strong point of this game be in the control scheme and the enviornment . almost everything be destroyable , form building to stone pillar and the local fauna . overall , i would only give this game 3 star . but i be allow for benefit of the doubt with the multiplayer thing , and give it 4 .
794	Video_Games	NEG	2	one of the first game that I ever play on my Tandy 1000Ex in the late 1980 's be the original Kings Quest . I fall in love with the series and from that point on a common Christmas present for I be acquire Parts II , III , iv and v when they come out . unfortunatly I still have the old Tandy when Part V come out and I have to purchase a new computer to enjoy the game . since I play these game since I be a kid I feel that I have some idea about it and a lot of feeling towards this series . the truth be I love it and over the year I have use various program to play my old game on Windows xp . this release disappoint I for several reason which I will list here : 1 . the original version of Kings Quest 1 be not available on this release . that ruin this entire box set becuase the interface between the remake version from 1990 and the original Kings Quest 2 -lrb- both of which be include in this box set -rrb- be so different that it ruin the flow of the game . include the original version would have take up very little space on the CD 's and make this a complete set . this be akin to own a set of movie a owning all of they except for the first film . the first movie be almost always the best one . I think it be a mistake to do it in this fashion . 2 . I do agree with many reviewer on Amazon that this set need to include the other game which be include in King Quest Collection 2 . that a big disappointment . 3 . booklet and extra . the best thing about the old version of Kings Quest be that you get a nice box , nice booklet and information about the series . the fact that that do not even take the time to reprint one of the old booklet be very unfortunate . 4 . I do not care for the box art . it be a poor take off of the original box of Kings Quest III . 5 . the copy protection in Kings Quest iv and v be never remove . grant it would have be difficult to edit the game I think it would have be nice if it be not present .
190	Video_Games	POS	5	I have play this game many time , and have not be bore yet . I think that , contrary to other 's belief , the drive control be not bad , they be REALISTIC . the gun be fun to use , and the story be AMAZING . you make lot of friend , and the way you decision influence the story add a very nice sense of realism to the game . and to those say that the main character be boring , or that it suck you can not manage a gang or buy property like in San Andreas , consider that the main character be a immigrant . this game have good replay value and be well worth the buy .
451	Video_Games	NEG	2	i have a high end system with a GeForce 6800 nVidia video card , and the game have many error . at first I have to run the game with low video setting to avoid the `` Directx unrecoverable error '' . then , I have to run it in safe mode to avoid the error . the tech support have many thing to try and be baffle at why the error be still occur on my high end system . about half way through the game the error still come up even in safe mode !! the gameplay be predictable , but still fun at time . I would wait til the price drop to about $ 20 to buy it ...
317	Video_Games	NEG	2	a couple hour in and every mission be : 1 follow-the-npc 2 feel identical -lrb- shoot the pop-up bad guy ... ohh but now it be daytime ! ooh now it be night ! ooh now they be behind car ! ooh now the ` yre behind fuel barrel ! -rrb- there be ZERO A.I. -- its all predictable and robotic . 3 I be constantly think `` do not die , or you 'll have to sit through that awful script set-piece intro again ! '' because anytime you die , you have to sit through the npc 's idiotic dialog . -lrb- this be write by the Red Dawn guy ? no wonder he hasnt do anything else since the mid 80s ... -rrb- 4 you be force to wait for npc to catch up , you gun and ability to move be strip away routinely , multiple time per level , even in the MIDDLE of GUN battle 5 there be a escort mission to protect a INANIMATE OBJECT ! 6 Said inanimate object be some sort of amazing battle machine , comedically nonsensical for any suburban rebel force to have the capacity to equip or maintain . 7 I hate that the crouch\/duck button be not toggle-able . it be more like watch a interactive movie -- a lame one -- which occasionally let you participate in it . I be literally typing this while the game continue to run its course without I .
869	Video_Games	POS	4	I review a handful of kinect workout game before pick this one base on overall review and screenshot . I be pretty impress with it . there be a pretty good variety of workout and I like how there be not a long pause between exercise like on the Wii . I would definitely buy it again . the main thing I would like to see to improve on it would be to work in some game to make the workout more fun .
456	Video_Games	NEG	2	honestly I be so excited to get this game and it be such a let down , maybe the Wii version be different but most of the time , the `` trainer '' could not see my arm . I change room , lighting , clothing and get the same result everytime . also the game lock up a couple of time and lose all info that I have ever exercise . the trainer would ask which area I want to target , no matter which body part I choose , the routine be always the same . great idea , need alot more work !
476	Video_Games	NEG	1	DO NOT buy ! `` Game Party '' \* must \* be withdraw from sale . this game be make by Warner Brothers -lrb- WB -rrb- . they need to recall this game . those who buy it should be reimburse with a replacement of a new update game that work . please contact WB & Xbox to inform they of the issue with this game so it never happen again . they need to play it for themselves so they can see that this game should never have BEEN RELEASED in the first place . this be not a issue with the Xbox console or kinect sensor - it be just this game . all the other Kinect game work fine . WB & Xbox must do something about this game . nearly all the review of this game be similar to my own experience . I just buy the xbox\/kinect this Christmas . I choose Xbox over the Wii for much better graphic , resolution & gaming quality after have a ps2 for many year . I buy `` Game Party '' for the kid & family to have something other than violent shoot 'em up game . it be so frustrating just to get `` Game Party '' to work that nobody want to play it . it take I forever just to get into a game only to have it take I backward out of game repeatedly . often the go forward & backward would both submit at the same time . once I be finally in a game the tracking be bad & make the game unplayable . I really want this game to work because I love most all the 16 game in it . I hope Xbox will come out with more arcade type game like this because we -lrb- even the kid -rrb- get too worn out with all the sport game . the ambulance be expensive to have on standby . Warner Brothers & Xbox must do something about this game .
21	Video_Games	POS	5	fast service and a quality product , I have no problem with this and as soon as I get it I get down to restore alot of my old game .
799	Video_Games	NEG	1	WORST GAME EVER . this game be horrid . you can drive truck off the map , into white nothingness , and you can drive through building . not to mention the fact that you can not drive over bridge -lrb- you truck fall through the bridge -rrb- . to call this one of the worst game ever would be give it too much credit . accord to the box , you have to evade the law and deliver you goods . the thing be , there be no police officer to evade and no goods to deliver . the only thing you do be race against a AI opponent that never leave the start line . Yep , it be true . when you start a game , the AI opponent who be suppose to race against you , just sit there at the start line for the whole race . you be winner ! the game scream that at you when you finish a race against the nonexistant opponent . the only `` human '' who could enjoy this game be a dumb 2-year old who be instantly amaze at truck drive off the road . Stay away from this game at all cost . you be winner !
770	Video_Games	NEG	1	I have to be honest in say that I have fun do those . . I have to also say that I hate be LOST . . literally lost . because of bad direction . . and no compass on the screen . . so you do not know where the heck you be , or be go . . LITERALLY hour of real time game play . . just be lose . I have to say honestly that if I have not discover the mod , and fast travel cheat , I would have toss it out after the first few try . .
967	Video_Games	NEG	1	it be one thing to not to support a feature or product , quite another to actually go out of you way spend money and time disable it . it appear Nvidia 3D support have be completely disabled with this title , although it be support with the ATI alternate 3d suite . try to play it in stereoscopic 3d result in one of the lens just be completely black out . this be not isolate , either . I have yet to hear of anyone get this work with Nvidia 3D . if all be as it seem then it be completely outrageous they have sabotage Nvidia 3D and shaft pay customer like this . PS - 3d at least somewhat work in the beta , so there should not be any reason the final product be release in this state . the game otherwise work , but I do not want to play it unless it be in sterescopic 3d as the first time play experience will be ruin . if you feel the same -lrb- who care 's if you do not ! -rrb- then make sure you kick up a fuss and apply pressure for the developer to fix this .
76	Video_Games	POS	5	this game be amazing , I play it when I be a kid and I love it ! the 3d version be amazing , it blow the n64 's graphic , this enhance version stay true to the original artwork for the Ocarina of Time . the 3d effect be amazingly good , at first I think it would be just a gimmick and would cause my eye to strain , but I find the complete opposite , the 3d be awesome and you eye get use to it .
506	Video_Games	NEG	2	it be definitely a cinematic game , but that be its biggest downfall . it be impossible to simply pick-up-and-play this game ; be ready to dedicate at least a hour to this game if you hope to play for twenty minute . for those look for a game , and not a movie , buy a game , instead of metal Gear solid 4 . it be that easy !
359	Video_Games	NEG	2	First : this be not a original Sony Controller !! you can see it and you feel it , when you play with it . over all its ok , for this price !!
326	Video_Games	POS	5	I do not know about you , but PS controller give the worst blister know to man . I finally find this one , which not only do not give blister , it be wireless ! best of both world !
773	Video_Games	POS	5	pro : really great game . it have a really different art style that be interesting . the plot make sense . and the game of the year edition come with a map , -lrb- which isnt really helpful , but on the other side be a poster -rrb- all addon for the game and beta access to Duke Nukem : forever -lrb- which I havnt try -rrb- . the game style be kind of interesting , it be a different spin on rpg . when you think of rpg , you think of Zelda , those kind of game . but it be really a first person Shooter , mix with a role play game . also , there be over 1 million different gun . you 'll never find the same gun twice . when you find a better one , you just keep it and sell you old one . con : not enough ammo , it seem like there just be not ever enough ammo . I guess it just make the game more interesting . I guess that be not really a con . this game be a must buy if you friend have it . even if they do not , still I would highly recommend it .
379	Video_Games	NEG	1	I wait a long time after release before buy this game , hope that the numerous bug would have be work out . unfortunately it still crash constantly , and once you have a corrupt save game you be screw . if it work right it might be a good game .
287	Video_Games	NEG	1	the DRM scheme only allow three install . I have have to reinstall sims2 more than 6 time on my computer . this make the game effectively a rental . with report of securerom disable computer dvd drive it be a extremely costly rental at that . this item be a return before installation and will not be repurchase unless ea remove the DRM .
886	Video_Games	NEG	2	in short . this be a lot of cut scene , occasionally interupt by a game . if I just want to sit back and watch , I would have rent amovie . ban all cut scene .
774	Video_Games	POS	5	the Starter Bundle make it quick and easy for those who already have a PS3 to get a idea of what move be about . depend on what you already have on you PS3 and of what\/how you be plan to play , all you may need could be just the move controller and nothing else or you may want to order some additional controller instead of this bundle . if you do not have a PS3 , then the  PlayStation 3 320GB System with PlayStation move bundle  what you get , what else you MAY NEED\/WANT briefly , this be what you get in with this bundle and I will make it very short because there be a lot of info . at the Amazon page : \* move controller , of course \* PlayStation Eye camera -lrb- must have for the move to work -rrb- \* Sports Champions -lrb- Ping Pong be simply awesome , some of the game play much better with a second controller -rrb- \* a disc with demo which should be available at the PSN store as well depend on how you be plan to play you game , this be what you do not get but may end up buy eventually : - one more additional move controller -lrb- some game will either require two controller or will play better with two -rrb- - Navigation Controller -lrb- s -rrb- -lrb- you can use the DualShock in you left hand but it feel weird -rrb- - one or more extra usb wire if you do not have enough already to charge you new controller -lrb- s -rrb- or - dedicate charger , especially if you have more than one move controller and\/or Navigation controller -lrb- s -rrb- go for the starter bundle or not ? the Motion Controller and the PS Eye be the minimum need to bring ` move ' to a any PS3 console . no exception . if you already have a PS Eye then the controller alone be the only purchase necessary . on the other hand , to fully enjoy certain game , you may want two move controller . this starter bundle make sense if you do not have the Eye already and you be into the type of game that Sports Champions have . you could still get it and then sell the Eye if you already have one . the same go for the Sports Champions . it come seal so you can sell it as ` new ' and recover some fund in the process . move 's motion controller the Wikipedia have a very thorough review of the technology inside the controller - impressive . it be probably worth go there to get a idea of what be under the hood . from a user 's point of view , the move could be view as approximately the right side of the DualShock 3 where the motion tracking function be the r3 analog stick , r1 be the move button and the r2 become the move 's t -lrb- rigger -rrb- . you also get the 4 square\/circle\/x \/ Triangle , in a square -lrb- not ` diamond ' -rrb- formation , the PS button as well as the START and SELECT . so far , the most used button during gameplay be the move and the t -lrb- rigger -rrb- . in addition , you get a wrist strap . at the opposite end of the microphone-shaped move there be a usb mini-b port for charge and another port that seem to be proprietary - must investigate . the controller be quite substantial as far as both size and weight - I like that and like its be shape in a way that make it easy to grab and hold . very much like a microphone or a very thick magic wand ; NOT a remote control . base on my experience so far , move 's ability to track you motion far surpass anything that I be aware of in the gaming universe . every single movement , up\/down , left\/right , toward\/away and wrist rotation be accurately capture and almost instantly reflect on the screen and so be acceleration that would usually translate as ` force ' in game such as sword fight or ping pong . in addition , there be haptic -lrb- tactile\/rumble -rrb- feedback , a little too weak in the game I play so far , make the gaming experience that much more realistic . I be not write a lot about the Eye camera because ... it be just there and it be not the subject of this review . for as long as it can see you , it simply do its part so that you may enjoy you game . the GAME Sports Champions consist of 6 separate event where you play through one of the available character either against the other character provide by the game or against another player - will need a second move controller for that . as expect , there be level of difficulty , medal and various bonus . ping pong show move 's nothing short of amazing ability to track its controller position in 3d space and , better , even detect move such as wrist rotation and to track acceleration as ` force ' and do it in real time . play Ping Pong be challenging , fun , frustrating and addictive . my entire arm , from wrist all the way up to the neck hurt already and I be not even do with the bronze medal challenge yet -lrb- almost there -rrb- . ARCHERY be probably second most popular , at least in we household . we like it because , unlike PING PONG , we do not sweat a lot while play it . ARCHERY be also one of the 3 include game that make it quite clear that you will be much better off with two Motion Controllers . some of the challenge look quite cheesy - shooting at float money bag but we have spend some time play it and it be likely that we be go to play some more in the future . the GLADIATOR sword fight game , even more than ARCHERY would benefit from two Motion Controllers - one for the sword\/axe and a second for a shield . with one controller only , you must pull the trigger to raise and use you shield or use the sword otherwise . yes , Sony give we button but the game be ten time more realistic when you actually push you shield forward the way you would actually do it in real life rather than pull the trigger to raise the shield and , at the same time push the move button while make a ` push ' motion . BOCCE ... ever play it ? I have a couple of time . Plays well with one controller but it can be a little boring . good simulation . FRISBEE golf be not bad . actually play it in real life on the course we have at the nearby state park . it be a little slow but it be good relaxation after you sweat yourself out on PING PONG or GLADIATOR . VOLLEYBALL , again , can be so much better with two Motion Controllers . also , be careful if you play in a room with low ceiling or anything that hang from the ceiling like a ceiling fan or a priceless crystal candelabrum . consider that Sports Champions be a early game , my expectation be not that high but , surprisingly , Ping Pong exceed my expectation . I have be play real Ping Pong ever since I be 11 or 12 so I probably know what I be talk about and the move version of Ping Pong be GOOD . as for the other ... sword fight , not so good . Archery be okay , Bocce be so-so , Frisbee Golf not too bad . for the game I have play so far , this be not a couch experience . on the Sports event I be sweating after a few minute and my move arm be now hurt from the wrist all the way up to the neck . MY RATING it be 5 star for the technical merit , ease of setup and for the overall experience . hopefully , lot of good game will be come quickly .
911	Video_Games	NEG	2	I be a big fan of the civilization series , and pre-ordered my copy of civilization v hope it would be even better than the superb civilization iv . have play several game through to completion now , I have conclude that it be really pretty dull . the fundamental problem be that the game be too easy . a single-player strategy game like this be only as good as the computer opponent , and the one in Civ V be pushover . I have play several game now at the highest difficulty level , try for various different victory condition , and win easily . I do not think this reflect on I be a superior player . I make lot of mistake . the issue be that the computer opponent do not play to win , or even to try and stop the human player from win . for example , there be one game where I could see that , be I to somehow switch place with one of the ai , I could win in a matter of just a few turn by spend its enormous trove of cash bribe city state to elect I world leader . the AI just sit there , do nothing in particular . in another game , I have target myself at win by build a spaceship and send it to Alpha Centauri . I see several other civilization achieve the prerequisite for build a spaceship ahead of I , and think maybe I be in trouble . but they do not even try to build they spaceship . and not because they be busy try to conquer the world , or win through some other mechanism . they pretty much just sit around . so I be able to eventually catch up and win again . there be also a lot of little thing about civilization v that I find annoying . for instance , there be the fact that you have no way of tell what the ai think of you or of each other , so war seem to happen at random . or the way you have to micromanage move you unit because the pathfinding be very poor . I could go on . combine these smaller issue with the overarching lack of a challenge , and it give the impression of a game that just be not design very well . I really want to like this game . and I think I give it a fair try . it be good enough to be engage for maybe a couple dozen hour , so by some folk 's standard I get my money 's worth . but I would have more fun if I would just keep play civilization iv , and I would recommend that game instead -lrb- or quite a few other -rrb- to anyone consider civilization V.
659	Video_Games	NEG	1	after 4 hour of update my PS3 I get from Amazon , and then update and install update for this simple stupid game , I have 6 hour into it , -- it do not work ... waste my whole Christmas Day . . I just want a game deck with good graphic and to play a simple racing game with my wife . . do not buy this game !! I hate this on-line gaming crap , I just want to race a cool car and pass a few hour away . . not get into on-line sign-up , community , stats , and give my family history to a bunch of a \*\* hole !
748	Video_Games	NEG	1	get a refund , as have many other . have nothing but problem with this game , and be very disappointed . I do not think they could ever fix all the bug and glitch in it if they try ! nothing like Dungeon siege 1 or 2 .
198	Video_Games	NEG	1	well , I do not like this controller . I buy it after fall for the hype . Mistake . here be my issue with it ... 1 . ok first and foremost ... these analog stick completely suck . they be extremely loose and easy to moce with no resistance at all . this do not give you the tight feel you have with the regular controller when you want to `` hold a line '' with the stick . it get worse though , for some dumb reason , Logi take the greatest analog stick improvement ever make and reverse it . I be speaking of the `` domed '' top to the analog stick . why on earth do the do this ? now you thumb will easily slip off the stick during heated battle . the top be slippery and domed -lrb- round like a arch -rrb- . worst . idea . ever . 2 . second ... 2 . there be a issue with sometimes the button not responge at all . it only happen every once in awhile -lrb- i would say about once or twice every 4 or 5 minute . I have no idea why ... I have no idea when . just know that you will occasionaly have to quickly repress a button to get the response . I imagine that a lot of people be ignore this because it do not happen with regularity and I suppose most people be just think they do not press the button right or hard enough . but it be actually a flaw that can be repeat -lrb- we test with 3 other controller to be sure -rrb- . 3 . Third ... I hate the base part that plug into the system . it plug into you system and have a relatively long wire -lrb- good gosh why ????? -rrb- that on the other end have this big clunky piece of plastic with two place to allow you to put a couple of memory card . this be so ugly and unatractive . you will literally have to lay the wire up over you xbox and have that thing sit on top of you system , with the wire just hang all over the place . I like my stuff to be `` tight '' and to look good and not be sloppy and loosly hang all around . I want wireless to get rid of wire , not to have wire hang out the front of my system and drape all around it . 4 . trigger be worse . they make they smaller , put they at a slightly different angle and make the throw much shorter -lrb- much shorter -rrb- . this leave you much less precision . I dunno why anyone would recommend this controller . Logitech do a much better job with the ps2 wireless controller -lrb- except for the crappy analog stick there - but since ps2 also have those crappy stick already , you not lose anything like you do with the Xbox 's SUBLIME and flawlessly perfect analog stick -rrb- .
612	Video_Games	POS	5	I be first disappointed because I have really high expectation and after my first workout I be already have the issue with the workout not register . well , after work out a handful of time , I do not have any of the issue any more . here be my advice before you get frustrated and start berate the game : - make sure the arm band be on the right direction -lrb- it do not work well upside down -rrb- . - make sure the sensor be face correctly : the leg face forward , and the arm face outward . - make sure the arm sensor be not behind you arm . - find the most responsive distance from the television ... mine work best when I be about 5-8 foot from it . - hold the wiimote when you be do band exercise . - use good form . after do the exercise a few time , you 'll know the best form . I never think I could have this much fun work out in my living room . I start yell and cuss when I have to do a lot of jump squat right after the linebacker challenge -lrb- right after lunge haha -rrb- ... this be a real workout . I love sport and I love football , so I guess I be bias toward the game . but now it be really easy to burn 250 calorie in 30 minute and mix strenth training in . I combine this with lifting weight in my garage right afterwards , and I be get in way better shape than when I use to just run and lift . go ea !
127	Video_Games	NEG	1	bf3 be a very generic shooter with up-to-date graphic and sound . single player mode be simply junk , multi-player mode lack all the feature that make , for example , bf2 so much fun : shooter combine with great teamwork , tactic and strategy . single player : you be a actor play a very rigid and linear script . you be tell all the time what to do , there be nothing to explore , no choice on how to perform you task . you simply need to follow the step by step direction , until you die , at which point you restart from a few step back . actually you do have some liberty : you can choose the order in which you can kill the enemy present to you . I can recall many game from 20 year ago , that would fit on a single floppy disk and that be much more exit . multi-player : I will compare it mostly with bf2 : there be no more teamwork . not at squad level and certainly not at team level . there be no more voip in game . if you plan to hook up with some random people in the game and play and chat for a couple hour in a squad , bad luck . it will be just plain silent shooting , and wonder what the squad mate do and think . no easy way to communicate . all weapon work very well at long range - so everything become a matter of discover the adversary at long range in the very cluttered environment . if you move , you will almost certainly be kill by someone hide somewhere . the map be very large , which mean that unless you play long hour you will be continuously confuse by you location and where you killer might be . there be no more commander ! so no more unity as a team , no more direction and unify strategy - at least not easily if you join a random server . no more asset such as radar , artilery , UAV . the user interface : again bf2 be mile ahead , simple easy to use , instantly understandable . bf3 : clutter , annoy in short , save you money ! if you like Bad Company 2 you might like this one as well , but if you be a bf2 fan for the reason enumerate in the first paragraph , than bf3 will be a waste of money . real waste , since of course one can not resell the game - it will become tie to you ea origin account . I certainly regret order it in advance , instead of wait for the first unbiased review .
304	Video_Games	NEG	1	when I first play this game at my friend 's house , I be astounded by the magnificent graphic and gameplay . WOW -- be unlike any other video game I have ever play in my life . I just admire the Worgen so much that I quickly become obsess with interest ; however , I keep wonder why my friend would pay ninety-five dollar and a fifteen dollar fee each month for Cataclysm . so week pass by after New year day and that be when I discover a advirtisement of the game from Amazon . I check the video , picture etc. . I soon realize that my interest be short live , when I learn that I would have to pay for all four game as a whole -lrb- just for the one game -rrb- . not to mention the fifteen dollar monthly fee for a battle.net account . the entire expansion set have a staggering , one-hundred dollar price tag . that be not all . if you do not have the right computer , it will cost you one-thousand buck or more for a Mac ! as a blizzard consumer I would suggest that you try they free 10 day trial offer , pick out one you favorite character and make it jump off a cliff ... why ? because it make absolutely no sense to pay for something so expensive . I be very disappointed and unsatisfied . no offense ; I apologize . but as a reasonable gamer I choose to not buy this game until the price be fair . this item be obviously more of a luxury than a game that be why I give up on purchase it .
633	Video_Games	POS	5	we buy the d Lite for my 8 yr old son for christmas but we have so many game that we have play on there . good graphic and good size , I recommend this for anyone 8 and over .
901	Video_Games	POS	4	pick this up from the PS + free-bee for April . have not have much time to really play it till this past weekend . I never try the first shift , so I can not compare it to that one . also I have only just start play this title this past weekend . this will only be my first impression of this game with more to come . I have to say that I do not know anything of this game before play it . I have play many of the nf series game since the original release back in the early to mid 90 's . I have be a racing fan since Pole position on the Atari -lrb- s -rrb- , Arcaders like out Run or Super off Road with Sims such as hard drivin ' . ha-ha ! seriously though , I have . so I have try many title in my year of gaming . Arcaders and Sims alike . I give they all a fair try before knock they . the nf series have let I down in the past on a few of they release . mostly I know nf as a arcade style , run from the cop , racer with detailed beautiful exotic . the undercover series , or as I refer to they as `` the fast n furious era '' , have some positive , but go in a unfamiliar direction . after those I avoid NFS : shift . I hear that it get decent review , but I have decide to move on from it . those positive point on shift persuade I into run out and snag a copy of the re-release of `` Hot pursuit '' in 2010 . I have be rock that for the past 2 year plus . last year when shift 2 unleash be release I do not even remember that it be a nf title . I have be eyeball the latest nf , `` the Run '' , since play the demo . so I like racer and nf racer I know ... except for these on the `` shift '' line ... till now . my first glance at shift 2 unleash have I excited . the graphic and audio be very well do . they produce a amazing look and feel opening sequence . I also notice that they use AutoLog like in NFS : Hot pursuit -lrb- 2010 -rrb- . I be a huge fan of that feature . if you do not know , find out . the menu be uniquely display and easy to navigate . the menu item regard game play display completion percentage . that be more than welcome . when you get into play it they start you out on a test play . this be sweet ! upon completion of the test you be provide with what NFS think would work for you as far as race setting go . I personally know that I just need a few lap to get the feel of the control down . so you can accept they as nf suggest or retry it . so I do a few attempt ... about 3 or so . afterwards my suggest setting be now accord to the way I last drive as oppose to the first attempt . that be the sweet spot ! ; - -rrb- they start you out with another race and give you cheddar to spend on a new whip . I be assume , depend on how you do on the first race , will determine the amount provide for use on you car . I be think that I do not do so well . I have enough for a Ford Mo-Focus and a upgrade or two . the upgrade on the vehicle be similar to other NFS game . mostly all of they be performance upgrade . there be not any pointless ground glow and window tint kit here . they also throw in upgrade package that be many optimal upgrade for you vehicle . I have only just begin to play this game , so my only vehicle be the Mo-Focus . I be hope that the kit vary from vehicle to vehicle . the upgrade also show a number system for the increase of what area of effect it 'll have on you vehicle . also you vehicle will gain performance value as you upgrade it . this must come in handy with the AI and also boast on-line ranking . example being ; if you have a top time on a track with a mo-focus and you performance value be 500 , and I hold second by a tenth of a second behind with my Mo-Focus , which be value at 300 , you probably do not have much bragging room , and if I take first place I will be gloat . race do take some get use to when you first start . adjustment have a effect too and might throw you off some , so be cautious when upgrade . there be the traditional drive view of 1st or 3rd person drive , but they also have my new favorite of Helmet cam . there be a head turn effect before turn that occur which I now want in all race game . again , this require some get use to , but holy cow , its fun . the right stick too be use as you head turn function . I use it to look up at the rearview to see all of the racer that I have dust . there be also distortion effect that occur upon impact and those impact affect you whip throughout the remainder of the race , so be cautious and learn you limitation while out there on the course . the game play be extremely rewarding . you do not just race for 1st here . you do not just go for the chedda , although the extra chedda help with upgrade . you do not just go for top on the leader board either . this one throw in some objective to complete on each race . they be useful objective that assist with refining you driving skill . I can not recall all of they , though there be these that I can ; lead a lap , race a clean lap , & master corner \/ racing line . each objective provide you with xp to increase you rank . not sure where the ranking will lead to other than reward at certain rank . anyways here , long review short - I be grateful that the April PS + free-bee include this title . if it do not I would be miss out on a great game ... this opinion after play for only a few hour too . so I guess it have great appeal from the jump off , which will make you want to play more of it . if you do not get it free like I , minus the annual membership fee , you should buy it . well worth the same cost of even the most current nf or gt release . thanks to this opportunity I can see a review for the first shift come soon as well . I 'll be update this as I progress thru the rank . get it if you have not .
327	Video_Games	NEG	1	wow I have really like the work out game , the sport game , and the adventure game so for for Kinect . but this one ... what a epic fail ! this game be the one that will seldomly get play . thank God they do not bundle it with the kinect or I would have take it back to the store the day i get it . horrible motion tracking and control during game play , it be at a level far below any of the other Kinect game . you will be disappoint if you buy this . I really have high hope because I want to play beer pong and bean bag toss with my friend when we party at my place . it have a lot of game but they be all so frustrating to control .
107	Video_Games	POS	5	i buy this game pretty much out of impulse , and read the review on here and other gaming sight , and i gotta say it be worth it . its a very challenging game , with amazing graphic , intelligent AI , and a great storyline . im very much a Halo guy , and i find myself play this more often now . this be one of those gotta-have-it game . worth every penny
433	Video_Games	NEG	1	the controller break from the analog thumbstick the first time i use it . the quality of it be just awful . i guess you get what you pay for . at least it should have work a couple month ! do not buy this type of controller from this seller .
963	Video_Games	POS	5	Works great for my 360 at first think it be go to be a knock off or something like that , but be deliver really fast & be a authentic Microsoft product and way cheaper then buy it at a retail spot . I recommend this product to any gamer that be into clearer picture for there gaming experience .
871	Video_Games	POS	4	for 250 dollar , this system be worth it . more importantly , if you be think about buy one , the most promising aspect of this system be the potential for group gaming . the controller , like Nintendo advertise , offer a lot of fun for gamer and people who have never touch a video game before -- this aspect beat out the other two , more powerful system . for the most part the controller be strong . now sure there be game out there that be worth play by yourself such as Zelda , but I think the biggest grab this system have be the ability to make gaming fun for everyone . this system have the promise of be the number 2 system because of its price and its ability to be play by almost anyone . the one lack point be the graphic . sure , this may only be a minor aspect for some gamer but I argue the shelf life on this system may only run for about 6 year , while other system such as Playstation 3 have a lot more time due to people lack the current top of the line technology that the other system offer , ex . blue-ray hdtv etc. . recommend as a system for group gaming , fan of Nintendo game , and for serious gamer as a second system .
