index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
418	Baby	POS	5	love this product ! my baby sleep on it every night in bed with i and it prevent i have to change the sheet every day from spit up , milk , leak diaper , etc , i suggest get at least two so you have one when the other be in the laundry , or if you need to change it in the middle of the night .
851	Baby	POS	5	have use these blanket since day one and even now that my son be too big to swaddle , they make perfectly nice napkin for he drool .
61	Baby	POS	5	i enjoy this bib because it be more pliable than the bjorn bib . it roll easier for stuff into a diaper bag plus it be much cheaper . i own both brand and this one be just as easy to clean .
841	Baby	POS	5	i be hesitant to order leg warmer as i be not sure they would be useful . now , i be a believer ! they be great on these fall day when my granddaughter , 5 month , be in a onesie , but we have the window open in the house . i also take they to restaurant for a\/c chill . these ballet slipper be cute as can be . i have launder they numerous time and they still hold they shape and softness .
251	Baby	POS	5	this work great in my tub to store my baby toy , shampoo , washcloth , etc everything be all in one place and i can better keep my eye focus on my baby . it be adjustable too which i do not know until i recieve it . works much better than those suction cup toy holder .
696	Baby	POS	5	these be by far the best food bib out there . i have a 3 year old son and 1 year old twin and my bumkin bib be still go strong . i have leave they in a hamper for day with dry food on they and they come out of the wash perfect ! i try not to throw they in the dryer because they air dry quickly , but sometimes they still get throw in and be fine . the bib i have from my oldest be get a little bit `` soft '' but they be not crack or grow mold . i be amaze at how well they hold up . i buy these for all my friend that have baby .
229	Baby	POS	5	i just buy these at k mart and the kid shoe be all buy one get one free this week .
910	Baby	POS	4	i have one of these a aunt make i with my first child and i pass it on be i prefer those bib that you can rinse and easily dry in the sink but with my second child i find that he would not ever keep abib on and i get sick of change he shirt three time a day ... so i pay $ 18 for two of these bib . kinda spendy but i could not live without they . they be the only bib my 12 month old will keep on . my only wish be that they be that same material that you can rinse in the sink bc i feel like i need a dozen of these to stay on top of have a clean one .
60	Baby	POS	5	do the job it be intend to do ... what we like about this particular product be that it have `` 4-sided wall '' where most other product only have 3 .
746	Baby	POS	5	i get this for my son and while no bib will ever catch every single little thing , this one do really well . i like that it be easy to clean as well since it be all rubbery , i do not have to wait long to reuse it .
460	Baby	POS	5	my dd drool ton of saliva everyday , i have to change she several time at day but these really hold everything
294	Baby	POS	5	excellent color , great quality . i have the cat in the hat and the one fish two fish one , both have very bright color and be very sweet . my 3 year old son love they , especially since he be obsess with the cat in the hat book .
948	Baby	POS	5	great bib ! love that they be solid color and they be pretty absorbant . i say pretty absorbant because my little girl expel ridiculous amount of drool and other thing all day every day so no big can really keep up with she . but these be soft and well make . i would definitely by more !
548	Baby	POS	5	i have not wash it , yet , but the `` diaper '' appear to be very nice quality and thick . the ribbon be so bright and cute . it be really almost too pretty to use .
714	Baby	POS	5	the size run large , definitely closer to 3-6 month than 0-3 , but the outfit be absolutely addorable and worth every penny .
407	Baby	POS	5	my daughter love dora and these sticker help keep she motivate to potty train . i like how there be a different sticker for each individual activity instead of just go pee . that help she understand she need to wash she hand as well as use the bathroom .
647	Baby	POS	4	this be a comfortable breast pump that perform just as well or better than a medela symphony . we choose a dual breast pump for convenience and this unit do not disappoint . the comfort for mommy 's nipple be the advantage here , plus the pump not only pump the nipple area but express the breast like a baby would . the pump memory feature be a big plus too , you can adjust the strength and speed of the suction . the only knock that we have with the unit be that when put the breast pump down after pump , the bottle can tip over . just use the lid to hold the bottle or have some cup to put the bottle in after pump . the other thing be that there be alot of part to sanitize , but after a while you learn to disassemble\/reassemble pretty quick . it be worth the trouble though , comfort to mommy and performance outweigh this minor inconvenience . pro : - incredible value - mommy 's comfort - adjustable setting with memory feature - perform the same or equivalent to medela version con : - too many part to clean\/sterilize - bottle can tip over if you do not use the lid to hold the bottle after pump in the end , we would definitely make the same choice again , even with the con . i hope philips will make the bottle holder for the next gen and use less part . : -rrb-
752	Baby	POS	5	cover the whole outfit . i use for long trip and everyday use . i highly recommend these bib . thanks for great service .
870	Baby	POS	4	very useful and cute , my kid like they a lot and they seem very resistent . . so i recommend .
929	Baby	POS	4	this be my go-to brand when it come to diaper cover ! affordable and good quality , very few leak and be never a result of the cover solely . very roomy yet not bulky , fit over everything from fitted to prefold . even hold lay in insert well ! my only problem be the foe get stain easily bc it be white , i would prefer a darker foe or one that match the color \/ print .
779	Baby	POS	5	my 3 month old daughter love both she sophie and she pie toy . both be a soft rubber that smell good - somewhat vanilla - and both be squeaky , which delight she . the pie toy be a early favorite and sophie have more recently become a favorite as she learn how to stick the foot in she mouth . the one concern in we house be that the dog think these be he toy because they be squeeky , so we do have to be vigilant about keep they off the floor . we recently receive a second sophie as a gift and now keep one at home and one in the diaper bag so she be never without it .
82	Baby	POS	4	cheaper than a high chair in my case two high chair and my twin fit in perfectly it be safe and my boy be big the strap fit good and easy to set up .
85	Baby	POS	5	i have wash they so many time already and they be still in great shape , and they keep the moisture away from my dd chest and cloth .
53	Baby	POS	4	i really want something to hold baby down during diaper change . but he be so smart he will wiggle he way around and then crawl out . while it do not contain he as i would have like the pad be really nice and give he a soft landing . very comfortable to change he on . cover it withcarter chocolate dot change pad cover .
458	Baby	POS	5	i buy this blanket for we fussy 7 week old daughter and could not believe it - it make swaddle a snap !!! my daughter be a absolute houdinus and could get out of every swaddle blanket we try -lrb- and we be swaddle use harvey karp 's method -rrb- - but we try this one and it be the first she could not get out of - so from then on , it be the only swaddle blanket we ever use ! the thing that be so great about it be that not only do it make swaddle a snap but baby can not get out -lrb- or pull fabric up over they face -rrb- . i have buy one for every other friend expect and have always hear great success story ! worth every penny !
531	Baby	POS	5	these mitten work great for we newborn to prevent he from scratch himself . he can wear they indoors or outside in milder temperature . the velcro help they stay put ! and he like the graphic design . the fabric be like t-shirt material , so not very warm , but functional for everyday use .
845	Baby	POS	5	this be amazing when i travel with my 2 year old twin . i tie one car seat to the suitcase and stack the second one on top . obviously the kid go separately : -rrb- work great !
271	Baby	POS	5	these drooler bib be exactly what my daughter need while she be in the teething stage ! she regular bib be soak through and soak through she top with all the drool she have go on right now . : o -rrb- the bib be also cute and come in nice , bright color !
759	Baby	POS	5	i live this robe it be the cutest little robe i have ever see its perfect and sturdy i looooce it
486	Baby	POS	5	we be a halo sleepsack family , both my kid -lrb- 28mo & 6mo -rrb- wear they . this one be particularly cute .
539	Baby	POS	5	i really love these mitten . they be cheaper on amazon then at baby r us . for the price , these mitten be so soft , dry fast and most importantly they stay on . my son love to pull on he mitten and the other organic mitten never stand a chance .
449	Baby	POS	4	this outfit will shrink some if it be not wash carefully ; so head up on that . other than that ... i know my baby will look completely adorable .
454	Baby	POS	4	i like that this bib be very thin and flimsy . it make it convenient to bring along when we be on the go . it keep my son 's clothes clean and dry . it retain smell after handwash more than other pocket bib i have try but it be good as new after a spin in the wash machine .
64	Baby	POS	5	i get these sleep sack in several different color b\/c my daughter spit up or have diaper leak so often . as with many if not most other toddler , she kick off she blanket several time every single night . these solve the problem ! depend on how cool it be , i pair they with either short-sleeved or long-sleeved top . they be very roomy in the bottom but now that my daughter 's 18-mo , i leave they half-way zip so that she can move she leg about . -lrb- slightly defeat the purpose but now that it be june , and not to mention , she like it on the cool side , it be okay to have bare leg . i just want at least she torso to be cover -rrb- . she would be complain for the last couple month about not be able to move she leg round . i have also get she a wearable blanket for toddler and get to use it for two night before she diaper leak ... however , that be for another review ! bottom line , i love these sleep sack and highly recommend they .
692	Baby	POS	4	these wrap be very easy to use with prefold and clean very well in the washer . the only thing i don would like , which be a minor issue , be that the side on the back curl in . this be only a problem if the diaper be not wet or dirty and i just want to change out the prefold . sometimes it will curl in and get dirty . otherwise , i be very happy with these cover .
176	Baby	POS	5	i originally have swaddle i 's and i be get frustrated with they . decide to try these and i wish i have these to begin with ! they be the best swaddle ! defintiely get halo sleepsack swaddles , they will not get out of these !
488	Baby	POS	5	i have buy 4 of these to date . two for my family to use and the other two as gift for family member . it be very durable and do a great job protect leather and cloth seat .
332	Baby	POS	5	i use these when my toddler son be teethe as a infant , and i buy a new set that i have be use with my infant daughter . both love they . the bumpy texture be total genious , and -lrb- despite direction to the contrary -rrb- , i have put these in the freezer and with that extra touch these go over even more famously . highly recommend . great for a new mom 's baby shower goodie bag .
850	Baby	POS	5	i buy these same bib at buy buy baby for $ 2.50 more so i be excite to find they for less on amazon . they be great for baby who have defeat all velcro bib like mine . it also be absorbent and double as a wash cloth because it have a terry cloth back . the neck fit over my baby 90th percentile cranium , but it do not lose its shape and gap at the neck like many other pullover bib i have buy , and i have be use they for about 6 month .
258	Baby	POS	5	have be hunting for mitten that could stay on my son 's hand and finally find one . absolutely help when we go out in the cold and not that easy to pull it out ... love the design and color . unlike other mitten these be soft on baby 's hand and still do not get wet very fast if he be suck . and best part - you can change the color by turn the shaded part the other way !!!
282	Baby	POS	5	i have use both first year and lansinoh bag with this organizer . i find the first year bag to not fit as well as the lansinoh one . this be fine with i , since i preffer the lansinoh bag anyway . the organizer itself work really well for i and save a lot of freezer room .
679	Baby	POS	5	i do a lot of research on product before my son be bear , and read that someone use these for burp cloth . i add a set to we registry , and after we receive it , we order another set because we like they so much . they be soft , durable , absorbent , and come in great color . we like these far better than another set of cloth specifically market to be burp pad that we have receive as a gift .
209	Baby	POS	5	these look really cute in she hair and be well make . i will be order more in the future for she . thanks : -rrb-
344	Baby	POS	5	i buy it for my 6-month old son . he do not like a bib make with silicone . it be water proof , soft , easy to clean and convenient when we be dine out . great purchase !!
25	Baby	POS	5	these bib be on the pricey side , but so worth it in my opinion . they be incredibly soft and very absorbent -lrb- one bib can last all day - even for a mega-drooler -rrb- . best of all , they do not look like a bib !
412	Baby	POS	5	frankly , i can not get the hang of traditional swaddling . i often find the blanket unravel in the crib , my newborn son flail he arm , cause i panic that he would suffocate on the material . so i decide to try the sleepsack swaddle . it be easy to put on . no sleeve and you do not have to slip it over a baby 's head . since it be like a sleep bag , i put he on top , put he arm through the hole and zip the zipper . then i wrap the ` wing ' of the sleepsack swaddle around he middle , make sure he arm be by he side first so they would be cover by the wing of the sleepsack swaddle . when i reach into he crib a couple of hour later , he be tuck in the same way he go in . no loose end , no flap arm or fabric cover he face . so great ! the only issue be like that of bib : the velcro can really get tangle in the wash so make sure to zip and velcro before wash . otherwise , you get the amazing benefit of swaddling , freedom of leg movement which be important for hip safety , and a quality product . a must have for all parent and it be great that the line grow with you baby too .
852	Baby	POS	5	best purchase ever ! we wait way too long to purchase a dry rack . lot of space , drain right into the sink .
41	Baby	POS	4	wonderful product and better with my baby who be teethe . do catch a lot of the drool .
216	Baby	POS	5	love these bib ! they clean up easily and with the adjustable snap on the neck we 16month old granddaughter can not remove the bib on she own - which be what she be do with every velco-closing bib .
72	Baby	POS	5	this be so soft and cute ! i love it . it be just a tad big for the change pad that come with my crib - but after tuck it in well it work great . i love it .
177	Baby	POS	5	excelente ! lo recomiendo 100 % , el envio fue rapido , el articulo llego tal cual fue descrito en las caracteristicas del producto . . compra realizada desde venezuela !!
351	Baby	POS	5	i do not want to spend a fortune on a bookcase . i search the website -lrb- with cheap shipping -rrb- and think this one be perfect . i read some review , one person say the shelf slip out , and another say the bookcase tip forward . both problem for small child . i do not know if they resolve those issue prior to my purchase but i do not have either of those problem . the shelf have little nitch in they to keep they in place . and the bookcase come with wall anchor . it be super easy to assemble and it look great . and it be really nice to have the bottom drawer to put game .
314	Baby	POS	5	i order these bib for my 5 month old twin girl ... they drool a lot , lol ! hip , hip , hooray for teethe ! so , they be way to big . i love the quality , color , and shipping be super fast . but they be make for a much older , larger child . no biggie . i would rather buy something too big than too small which i have do already , if you can believe it . they wash well and feel nice . my girl will surely love these when they get a little older . i may order more when they fit . i love they will not be able to pull these off once they figure out velcro ... they already show sign of be genius . -lrb- =
892	Baby	POS	5	these mitt be worth the money . they be so soft and stay on my 3.5 month old daughter 's busy hand to keep she warm at night ! i would not waste my time\/money buy anything else . i put these on she as she be fall asleep and tuck the end into she sleeve . they stay on all night . they also wash up very well . great product .
388	Baby	POS	5	the boppy be invaluable for breastfeed , especially when baby be small and you be worry about break they fragile neck if you be a paranoid first-time mom . it work well for bottle feeding too if that be how you roll . additionally , this be one of the only way my baby would nap . if you place a receive blanket over\/around the boppy and tuck it in , it create a taut hammock that my baby loved . i put it in he pack n play like this and since he have reflux\/congestion it be much better for he sleep pattern . the tag say not to let baby sleep in the boppy - just use common sense and supervise you baby . this be perfect for newborn nap with the receive blanket act as a hammock .
596	Baby	POS	4	i love use halo sleepsack for my son . however , as he be walk , i think we would move up to the leg version . i read review note it run large but ignore the advice . do not . this product do run large ! my son be 14 month and on the smaller\/shorter side and the sack dwarf he . somehow he manage to walk in it though we have to help by pull he foot back through the leg hole . other than that , i love this product . very soft and warm . with a pajama top underneath , i do not worry if he be warm enough at night . to keep he foot warm , we just pull they up into the sleepsack . i recommend this product but wait to use until you child be older -lrb- at least 15 month -rrb- .
936	Baby	POS	4	these be pretty good cute and not too expensive . seriously hairclip be too expensive these day , especially consider we lose one almost everyday after daycare .
881	Baby	POS	5	i love this and so do my baby . i look like i be put together and wear jewelry and he love to chew on it ! what a smart idea !
722	Baby	POS	5	we son be super drooly and soak through normal bib in half a hour . he can wear these bib for a few hour before they need change . they wash and dry well -lrb- do not fade -rrb- . the only thing be they be kind of big and ugly so he only wear they at home . when we go out he wear silly billyz bandana bib which be just as absorbent but a smaller bandana shape .
208	Baby	POS	5	i be surprise at how soft this cover be . it be a little bit fuzzy , and very comfortable for tender young skin . it fit my  summer infant contoured change pad
912	Baby	POS	5	i purchase this mobile for my new grandbaby and she love it ! it hold she attention and be very attractive .
928	Baby	POS	5	i have this sleep sack in small and medium and i plan on buy it in the large , if my little one be not stand up by then . we daughter like to kick she blanket off in the night and then would wake up because she be cold . we get the small sleep sack and she would sleep soundly through the night . she be 6 month old now , and 18 lb . and the medium sleepsack have be equally wonderful . i do not have to worry that she be get cold now , and she actually like to be zip up in it ! i also do not have to worry about blanket come untucked and be pull over she face . to wash , i just throw it in the washer and then the dryer and it come out beautifully . i highly recommend this item !
291	Baby	POS	5	i be not expect much style when i order this outfit . we want a warm , long-sleeved , organic cotton outfit for we granddaughter who have sensitive skin . it be so much nicer than the picture show . pretty , stylish , soft , and very well make . tadpoles really need to get better at show off they clothing .
893	Baby	POS	5	i love these bib . i love that they be not velcro , i love how cute they be , i love how they feel . they be exactly what we want . i be like some of the other reviewer , i do not want to get they all stain up , so we use these for catch drool mostly -lrb- we have a 5 mo old -rrb- and then plan to use the cheap ugly bib for eating , so i can not comment on how stain resistant they be . just like the blanket , they get softer every use and be so well make . i love the snap in the front ! also , i love that they do not say something stupid , which seem to be a requirement for all boy thing - `` property of mom '' , `` what be you look at ? '' ugh .
676	Baby	POS	5	my son do not take a pacifer and he do not normally use this item except when he be teethe . he will chew on this all day long when he tooth be break the gum . it work esp . well if you put it in the freezer . my son chew on the handle even more that he chew on the raz-berry part .
500	Baby	POS	4	this be the first bib that actually keep my baby girl dry while she be teething\/sick . i have add pack on my wish list for christmas !
244	Baby	POS	5	there a ton of room on here for you thing . its a great little add on .
220	Baby	POS	5	the product speak for itself . these mitten really stay on all the time and protect my baby from scratch she face . we have try many different other mitten on the market but this one work perfectly well . it be a little costly but it be totally worth it , i would definitely buy it again .
222	Baby	POS	5	my son be not too sure at first because this item do not `` work '' like a normal pacifier , but once he realize he can chew on it , he love it !! it be easy for he to grab the handle on the back and chomp on any part of the item . he be 5 month old and learn to grab thing so this be a nice safe thing for he to work with .
38	Baby	POS	5	the picture doesnt do justice to this product . and the color be off as well in the picture . its sooo soft and feel great . i order this product along with the papagayo bedding and it blend greatly with it . the poker dot on the cover pad be exactly the same as the bedding . and the monkey be just adorable ! absolutely love this product and i would recommend it to everyone .
477	Baby	POS	4	i have no issue get this to fit on my car seat like other reviewer have . i think it be a great value for the price and it help protect the seat from kid 's messy shoe .
547	Baby	POS	5	have not use it repeatedly yet , but on first wash i love it for what it be - lightweight flannel blanket . compare to c ----- 's receive blanket , it be larger , make better , shrink less , pill up less , and be quite a bit softer . would purchase again and as gift in the future !
932	Baby	POS	5	i use avent 4 both my kid . it be great ! i recommend it to family n friend and most change to avert and stick with it !
316	Baby	POS	5	after extensive research , trial and error , and even a class on cloth diapering at the local birth center , i settle on the grovia system and have not regret that decision . my son be now 12 month and we have be use grovia since about 8 week . we have lot of cloth diapering friend so i have have the chance to see lot of cloth diaper in action and i be very glad that i invest in grovium to begin with . here be the product we use , why we like they and -lrb- in some case -rrb- how they could be improve . there be a lot of material cover in this review . i be do it this way because i wish there have be something comprehensive like this on amazon when i be shop for my diaper stuff ! if you be consider buy a grovium system , this will be helpful for you . if you be look for a comprehensive review on just one item , other review may be more suitable . we total system consist of the following : essential ; \* 15 all in one shell in a variety of print and solid = 6 velcro and 9 snap  grovia hybrid snap shell diaper , cloud , one size  2 oz . \* brabantia pedal binpedal bin , 30 litre -lrb- white -rrb- -lrb- 25.98 `` h x 11.54 `` w x 15.55 `` d -rrb- \* 36 grovia wipes grovia cotton cloth wipes , 12 count \* diaper detergent tiny bubbles detergent , net wt . 60 oz. , yellow box non-essential , we use these item for convenience , \* diaper scraper make my day two bird silicone spatula and scraper set , black \* diaper sprayer bumgenius diaper sprayer \* wipe warmer -lrb- perfectly fit grovium wipe -rrb- prince lionheart premium wipe warmer \* 2 waterproof change pad cover carter keep i dry flannel bassinet pad , ecru \* 24 washcloth -lrb- for top layer of change pad -rrb- martex hospitality washcloths - 24-pack -lrb- white -rrb- \* 1 little pottybabybjorn little potty - white \* disposable biodegradable diaper for backup and travel broody chick 100 % natural fully compostable diaper jumbo box -lrb- junior 26.5 - 55.1 lb . -lrb- 96-count -rrb- -rrb- \* disposable overnight diaper for heavy wetter seventh gen. - baby overnight diapers , stage 4 , 24 count -lrb- pack of 4 -rrb- = 96 total diaper \* triple paste diaper ointment for use with disposablestriple paste medicated ointment for diaper rash , 16-ounce there be a number of item that we have try , but do not find useful and either return , donate or give away . there be quite a bit of trial and error and research that go into the above system . i have only list the item that work beautifully and will simplify you cloth diaper effort . i will jump right in with some gripe . cloth diapering be not cheap and despite industry claim , i have not realize cost savings in the first year -lrb- as compare to buy premium disposable diaper at costco -rrb- . when you add up the cost of the diaper and accessory , the cost of you time do all those extra load of laundry -lrb- or pay a diaper service -rrb- , the cost of the resource to wash and dry all those load , and the cost of all the special `` cloth friendly '' accoutrements necessary to care for the diaper without ruin they , it really add up . if you be go to use the system for more than once child , then you will realize some significant savings -lrb- be sure to buy gender-neutral cover if that be you intention -rrb- . the bigger motivation to cloth diaper -lrb- at least for i -rrb- be the dramatically reduce environmental impact and health benefit of cloth diapering . conventional disposable diaper be load with toxin that pollute the earth , the worker that produce they and of course , you baby . not to mention that it take over 500 year for regular disposable to break down in the environment . that mean that you baby dirty diaper will still be pollute the earth when you great , great , great , great grandchild be bear . talk about a crappy legacy to leave behind ! now the good stuff . i choose grovia because of the convenience and simplicity of the whole system . i know that if i be go to cloth diaper , it would need to be as simple and easy as possible , even if that mean i would pay a bit more up front . there be a massive amount of information about cloth diapering on the net and much of it be overly complicate . cloth diapering do not have to be complicate . you can simplify thing quite a bit by stick with one brand \/ one system . have say that , the grovium system be too big , hard and bulky for we 10 pound newborn -lrb- and grovium product be pretty trim compare to most cloth diapering system -rrb- so we end up use disposable for the first couple of month . it would look like he be sleep on a incline because the grovia insert be so thick under he bum . other cloth brand have special newborn size diaper and insert , but i choose not to invest the money for newborn cloth diaper that would only be use for a short time . we use broody chick 100 % compostable disposable diaper for that period and the add convenience of the disposable be great during that initial difficult phase . we have some minor problem with diaper rash during that time , but the triple paste always clear it up in a day -lrb- then we would go back to the grovia magic stick -rrb- . i breastfeed we baby so the diaper change be more frequent -lrb- than formulum fed baby -rrb- . i want enough diaper to last three day . i do not want to do a extra load of laundry every two day . i keep add cover , insert and wipe until i have enough to last three day , hence the number above . if i have know in the begin how many cover and insert be go to be require , i would have save some money by buy some of the larger grovia combo deal . the 30 liter brabantia garbage pail be all steel , easy to clean and self seal -lrb- no stink outside the pail -rrb- and the perfect size for three day worth of grovia wipe , cover , insert and change pad . it have a inner plastic pail with handle that make trip to the laundry room a breeze . i reuse use the plastic liner -lrb- that come with the pail -rrb- by put they in the sun and alternate every three day . the sun eliminate all the odor from the liner . i primarily use the 6 velcro cover -lrb- more convenient than snap -rrb- through 11 month when we baby be finally able to figure out how to open they -lrb- and they be pretty worn look velcro tab at this point -rrb- . then i transition into primarily use the 9 snap cover and keep the velcro cover only as backup . grovia have a service that will remove the velcro tab and replace with snap for $ 5 a diaper . i wish they would offer a service to just replace the worn look velcro , but i be happy with the durability of all the cover . they have hold up better than i expect . we son get a lot of time in nature . we do not worry about he clothing or diaper get dirty if he be have a great experience . the darker color and the pattern shell hide dirt and grass soil better than the light solid shell . the gentle cloth diaper detergent be not great at get out dirt or grass stain either . if i have to do it over , i would not buy any light color solid cover . we buy some grovia booster pad to try before we go to the disposable overnight diaper , but we guy would soak through the regular `` soaker pad '' and the booster pad and wake up with wet clothes and bedding . there just be not enough absorbency for we breast fed baby . change he several time a night just add to the stress of those early day so we transition over to the disposable for night time and have be happy with that choice ever since . the grovia magic stick be truly brilliant ! it be all natural , effective and do not require you to dip you finger into diaper ointment while wrangle a diaper onto a squirm baby several time a day ! it also do not adversely affect the absorbency of cloth diaper they way regular ointment do . do not use the triple paste -lrb- or any regular diaper ointment -rrb- with you cloth diaper . the wax and petroleum oils in regular diaper ointment coat the cotton fiber and prevent they from absorb liquid . we try several top rate `` natural '' ointment for we occasional diaper rash , but triple paste work where the natural one fail . we use it sparingly whenever bump appear -lrb- which be pretty rare compare to we disposable diapering friend -rrb- . grovia wipe be fantastic . i write a separate review on these that compare the three type of wipe i buy . grovia wipe be the best of the three and they work with the prince lionheart wipe warmer perfectly . the prince lionheart premium wipe warmer be the perfect size for the grovia wipe and will hold a stack of about 15 wipe fold in half and stack . we load a stack of wipe and then fill the wipe warmer with water from the tap . we do not use any `` wipe solution '' and we have have very little problem with diaper rash . 95 % of the world clean they bum with water alone -lrb- no paper -rrb- and it work beautifully . we stop use the warming function after 5 month and baby do not mind the cool wipe at all . at this point , it be basically a nice look \/ easy to sanitize box to keep the wipe moist on the counter . little potty . we start we son on he little potty when he be about three month old . whenever he would cue that he be `` go '' , we would take he to he potty to go . now at 12 month , we take he to he potty after every meal and when he cue and he use the potty pretty consistently . it be easier to dump and rinse the little potty contents into the toilet than it be to change and wash he diaper so we encourage he to use he little potty as much as possible . he get lot of positive feedback and interaction when he `` make it '' to the potty so he enjoy use it . at 12 month , he be very comfortable sit on a potty to pee or poo . we keep the little potty on the bathroom counter and stand with he while he be sit on it . i have see lot of people start out with the little potty on the floor , but if you have the counter space in you bathroom , this will save you knee and back and make it easier for you to interact with you baby while on the potty . in another month or two , we will transition it to the floor for he use . grovia little bubbles diaper detergent . i have use the 5 top rate diaper detergent and honestly , i can not tell a lick of difference between they . i do a prewash with 1\/2 indicate amount detergent and then a full wash with extra rinse use the full amount -lrb- per detergent instruction -rrb- of detergent . the most important thing be that you use a detergent design for cloth diaper . regular detergent have enzyme that will deteriorate the waterproof barrier in you cloth diaper . cloth diaper detergent also do not have the dye and perfume that can irritate baby skin . i be currently use grovia detergent and it be at least as good as the other top rate diaper detergent . i can not say that it be anymore effective at remove stain than the other . my diaper insert be stain , but they be clean , soft and have no smell whatsoever when they come out of the dryer . i have always use cloth diaper detergent and i have never have to `` strip '' they . i use 14 ounce of wool dryer ball to dry my insert and wipe . the dryer ball shave ten minute off the 80 minute dry cycle require to get a load of diaper dry . it take only 70 minute with the add wool ball . bum genius diaper sprayer . we buy this , but after read story of flimsy part and flooding disaster , we replace the hose and a couple other flimsy part with higher quality metal plumbing piece and have not have any problem for the past year . carter 's keep i dry flannel bassinet pad . this be my mid layer on the change pad . i have three layer on my change pad at all time . bottom layer ; change pad cover that come with the pad middle layer ; carter 's keep my dry pad top layer ; cotton washcloth . the washcloth get change about twice per day and do the heavy work in this set up . it catch all the drip , smudge and bit that accompany diaper change . the carters catch everything else and help keep the diaper pad cover look fresh . it get change about once per week . the change pad cover itself get change about once per month . this three layer set up make it easy and fastto keep the change pad clean and fresh . all of these layer get toss into the cloth diaper bin and be wash right along with my cloth diaper . i will come back from time to time to update this review . i hope it be helpful for those try to wade through all the cloth diapering info out there and find a simple , but effective set up .
76	Baby	POS	5	this infant starter kit keep my baby soothe and happy ; in fact this have be among my most value product ever purchase on amazon . nothing work better than something that keep the young one quiet , happy , and content !
272	Baby	POS	4	my kid love have they own apron , so these be of course a hit . i find the neck strap annoying . the magnetic closure mean you do not have to tie it , but you also can not adjust the `` height '' of the apron . they be too long for my average-sized 3 year old twin . i hike it up around the waist and tie it like that . it get the job do , and the kiddo like they . but i find the design flaw irritating .
178	Baby	POS	5	i pump 3 time a day at work use my medela pisa , but want a manual pump for occasional use at home and when we travel . i be skeptical because of some of the negative review i see on here , but this little pump have work perfectly every time . i be able to get about 7 oz . within 10 minute -lrb- about 5 minute per side -rrb- . that be about how much i get from my medela pump after 10 minute while pump both side at the same time ! i 'll come back to update if i ever have problem with it , but so far so good after use it occasionally for about a month now .
735	Baby	POS	5	very cute and look just like the picture . i buy it for my sister-in-law when they find out they be have a little girl .
557	Baby	POS	5	i , like most , be hesitant about spend so much money on a pump with the worry it would break and\/or not meet my need and be able to pump enough milk for the many time i have to be away from my baby . it be all in vain , because this pump work like a dream . the double pump be easy to set up , the battery pack be extremely convenient , and the bag provide plenty of space to store extra bottles\/valves\/breast pad ... the work . i definitely recommend it . for school and work i frequently have to pump in the car or bathroom with no outlet , and the battery pack provide excellent power . be the pump worth the money for a stay at home , infrequent pump mom ? maybe not . however , i think it be the best product for a mom who need to pump frequently .
249	Baby	POS	5	we use this to put we shampoo , and all bath need in include back scrubber . we place it in the back of the tub so while shower we have all we necessity accessible . very helpful and better than suction cup holder that always slip off the shower wall . the bath storage basket solve we problem . thank you
915	Baby	POS	5	these be absolutely the best bib ! we have three child and be still use the same bib from the first child who be now 7 . so easy to clean . excite to find they here because i think they do not make they anymore and guard the one we have like gold ! order more for we family and send some as gift .
553	Baby	POS	5	my wife and i love put we toddler in the halo sleepsacks . between the flannel one for winter-time and the mesh one for summer , there be sack for every season . when he be younger , we really appreciate know that he be comfortable while sleep but will not have " safety " related issue that be introduce with blanket . as a older child , we like that the leg be " penguined " in a way that prevent he from throw one of he foot up and over he crib rail -lrb- probably not what be intend by halo , but we 'll take it -rrb- . i simply wish there be a adult version that do not look like a snuggie .
446	Baby	POS	5	ship quickly and be fairly easy to put together . i do it myself , while my husband watch the little one . take i about a half hr , only because i have screw a couple of the shelf peg in the wrong spot . my husband be 6 ' 3 '' -lrb- i be 5 ' 6 '' -rrb- so i do add the wheel to it and help with the height . it be a sturdy piece of furniture . no dent or broken piece during the shipping process . the price be also why we purchase it . no where could we find one with this quality for that price . only have have it for a couple week but i would recommend this product .
204	Baby	POS	5	the halo sleepsack be great ! the best part be that it zip from the bottom . i think this be weird at first until i need to change she . you just unzip to she stomach , change the diaper , and the zip back down . we have a few of the cheaper sack and they zip from the top which always wake we little girl up . it be totally worth spend a little extra money for these !
94	Baby	POS	4	so we just go through colic and the dreaded 4 month sleep regression phase . when we move we baby to she own room around 3 month , we put a floor fan in there for white noise . she wall be right next to we tv room , she brother be next door and a loud 2 year old , and she big window be right on a busy street . and she be never a really good sleeper . while for some baby -lrb- lucky lucky parent -rrb- a sleep machine be all you need - for we we know it be just a stress-reliever for we , so that we would not have to worry that noise be interfere with she sleep . -lrb- we could tick that item off the list and move on . -rrb- the fan be just way too cold . so i purchase the sound machine -lrb- marpac 980a , see other review -rrb- and this sheep . i get this sheep for the car actually , as one other reviewer have mention it help they baby not scream in the carseat . after look at both -lrb- the marpac and the sheep -rrb- - the marpac end up in she room for consistent white noise all night , and the sheep go in the car . i do not want to worry that the timer function be the reason for poor sleep -lrb- ie when she wake up at night , she can not go back to sleep because the sheep be no longer on - tick another thing off the list ! -rrb- the sheep be really soft . unfortunately , the sheep do not keep she from scream in the car seat . however - it be great for i ! it be now in we bedroom , hang next to the bed - and it have be fantastic for i - as sleep deprive as i have be , it be often really hard for i to get back to sleep after get up to feed or tend to she or my son if he be sick and really need i in the middle of the night . have try muscle relaxation , all that other stuff that i usually do not need , but it would not work . have use a sound machine in the past -lrb- not the marpac -rrb- and hate it . the one i have try before all sound tinny or annoyingly inconsistent . the rain setting on this sheep , and the timer be perfect for i - have no trouble fall back to sleep at any time . thank you sleep sheep !!!!!!!
865	Baby	POS	5	help for three star over there : the big yellow snap snap onto the other big yellow snap . then the little white snap snap to the other little white snap . go ahead and try ... i be sure you can do it ! see , that be not so hard ! there be no other bib that come close to the usefulness of this one .
132	Baby	POS	5	my daughter , she love this musical mobile . it have long music also have a light . it have a remode for you to turn on and off music . i love this .
899	Baby	POS	5	yep , i have two of these in my home - one for upstairs and one for downstairs . these boppy rock !! i have nurse two child on they and would say this be a definite must-have for any nursing mom . i can not say enough good thing about the boppy . my only recommendation would be to make one that have pocket or something to keep tissue and so forth . i also use the boppy as a little shelf when i be read a magazine while my baby be asleep in they room . it be a nice height to rest you arm on while you be read .
829	Baby	POS	4	pro : ties at upper back so son can not rip it off after use this 100s of time , nothing have ever get on he shirt sleeve wipe clean easily elastic cuff stay put con : pocket do not catch much food -lrb- i use a molded plastic bib on top of it -rrb- elastic on sleeve cuff stain easily
359	Baby	POS	5	we son be a slender baby even though he be 13lb at 2 month old . we be use cloth diaper and be unsatisfied with the loose fit of the regular bummis cover over we kissaluv contoured diaper . someone recommend that we try use bummis swimmis as diaper cover because they have a much trimmer fit . -lrb- the manufacturer do say be okay so long as the cover you use for diaper be never use as swim diaper . -rrb- now , with the swimmi and the contoured diaper we have get a fit that be as trim as a disposable diaper and much cuter !
961	Baby	POS	5	my daughter try several different swaddle and this be only one that work for my grandson . what a difference it make in he sleeping . work for we , as we also do childcare for first several month .
261	Baby	POS	5	this be a god send when we finally get it . i could not make my daughter hold on to a teether , but this solve that . a little pricey , but all in all , it be be a good investment .
946	Baby	POS	5	i get these as a baby shower gift from my girlfriend and be so happy with they ! not only be these mitten super cute and soft , but they also look like they 'll stay on ! i can not wait to put they on my baby girl when she arrive in a couple of week . in fact , i be go to order a couple more mitten as my mom friend have tell i how hard it be to find mitten that actually stay on ! : -rrb-
582	Baby	POS	4	first , i should say , i be the dude in this happy family , but i have do all the research on this and my wife have be the ` milking cow ' -lrb- she word -rrb- . the pump be relatively easy to use and be effective . it be compact and have enough suction that you will not want to run it a max power . the only real complaint for this pump be that it be loud . functionally speak , this unit be as good as medela 's hospital-grade symphony . it use all the same plastic cup , tube , valve , and bottle as do the symphony ; the only difference be in construction of the mechanical pump itself and the interchangeability of the diaphragm -lrb- the plastic ` lung ' that create the suck action -rrb- . we be give use of the symphony at the hospital , at the time of birth , and as far as we can tell , the pump action be nearly identical to the pump in style -lrb- pi -rrb- . they both use a 2-phase suck action : at first a shallow suck to stimulate milk flow , then after a few minute switch to a deeper sucking to draw the milk . there might be other minor difference in pump action , but no more than the variation expect from person to person . it take about 10-15 minute to pump my wife dry with either of the model . we be tell by the lactation consultant that the symphony be better than the pi because the `` symphony be hospital-grade , '' but as far as we can tell , she just assume it must be better since it be ` hospital-grade ' . compare to the pi , i think the factor that make the symphony a ` hospital grade ' be that the diaphragm be interchangeable -lrb- to minimize cross contamination with multiple user -rrb- , it be waterproof -lrb- so that it can be immerse in water for cleaning -rrb- , it have better environmental seal -lrb- for use in high oxygen , -lrb- i.e. flammable -rrb- environment -rrb- , it be very durable and it be quite . while all of these be nice feature , it do not change the effectiveness of the pump . i think the medela pis be a smartly design and nice styling , and if you plan on carry it around with you , the pi be a excellent option . it be not super compact , but the penalty to portability have more to do with all plastic hardware -lrb- cup , funnel , etc -rrb- and less to do with the pump . the pi even come with a option to operate the pump with a set of aa battery -lrb- which we have not test -rrb- . unfortunately , the pi be loud -lrb- reasonably so for a portable , consumer-grade pump but loud none the less -rrb- , which mean that if you go to pump at work , everyone will know exactly what you be do and when you be do it , even behind closed door . if that bother you , you can buy the medela 's freestyle pump which be suppose to be quieter , but i think a better , cost-effective solution might be to simply rent the symphony ` hospital grade ' pump . i wish we know about this before we buy the pi , but many hospital will let you rent a symphony pump for $ 40-60 per month . in the end , the total cost for rent the pump over 5-6 month will be the same as buy the pi , but the symphony be so much quieter . of course , you will have to buy the plastic hardware -lrb- cup , funnel , etc -rrb- for about $ 40 , but if you be lucky like we , you birth hospital use the symphony and will give you a set of plastic to use during you stay there and take home when you leave -lrb- just make sure to take all of the part , include the tubing and diaphragm -rrb- . the symphony be somewhat portable , but if you plan on leave the pump at a remote location -lrb- like work -rrb- , it seem to i like the best solution . and in term get more value out of the pi over multiple baby , we have only use it for a few week now , but to i , the pi do not seem rugged enough to last more than 7-8 month , which mean you many have to buy one for each child . another point about the pi , if you choose to buy one , we have read that you should not share or use a use breastpump , due to risk of cross contamination . evaporation from the warm , pump milk will inevitably get suck into the tubing and down to the diaphragm ; the trap moisture could lead to growth of mold and mildew . this be why the fda classify the medela pi as a ` personal use pump , ' and the medela 's symphony , with its interchangeable -lrb- i.e. disposable -rrb- diaphragm , as a ` hospital-grade ' . but with the pi pump , you can remove the face plate -lrb- it be design to snap on and off by hand -rrb- and get easy access to the diaphragm . while the diaphragm itself be not removable , it can be clean with soap\/water and disinfect with alcohol . indeed , even if you buy it brand new , you should not assume the pump\/diaphragm be sterile out of the box , and you may want to clean and sterilize it before first use -lrb- and every once in a while -rrb- . this apply to the nylon sack and tote bag . with the pi , just about the only thing that be difficult to clean and sterilize be the nylon tubing , but you can purchase a new set for $ 10 .
541	Baby	POS	5	these be great bib ! this be the second one i have purchase already . i probably would not recommend this for baby who be just start solid -lrb- i use the cloth bib -rrb- but these be so great for self-feeder . they be easy to clean too : i either wipe they down with a wet paper towel or i wash they like i would regular dish -lrb- sponge & soap -rrb- for the extra messy meal . no stain so far on either one -lrb- even with spaghetti sauce -rrb- . love these !
585	Baby	POS	4	i have another jj cole bib and order this item to add another to my rotation . i be a little disappointed when i receive it as the material be quite think compare to my original bib -lrb- which i purchase at a brick and mortar store -rrb- . now that i have use it though , it work well and clean up easily . it do stain a bit with certain food -lrb- carrot , blueberry , etc. -rrb- but that be to be expect . overall , it be a very usable and convenient bib . the size be right -- cover he top half nicely -lrb- baby be 8 month -rrb- and the neck be adjustable so we 'll be able to use it for a long time .
908	Baby	POS	5	this rack help i organize all my bottle and accessory . i have dr. brown bottle , which come with a lot of gadget . i can easily place all my 6 bottle on this one rack . absolutely love it . and it be really easy to clean . neat and convenience .
356	Baby	POS	5	we baby be swaddle for sleep up until she be 6-months-old and start roll over onto she stomach while swaddle . we try put she in footie pajamas for sleep , but she seem a bit restless during the night . it be too drastic of a change from the swaddle she have become comfortable with . we try this halo sleepsack -lrb- on top of the pajamas -rrb- , and she settle right down to sleep . the sleepsack give she the cosy comfort of a swaddle with the freedom to roll over without any safety issue . now we use a sleepsack every night . we prefer the standard fabric -lrb- rather than the fleece variety -rrb- . live in houston , the halo fleece fabric be too heavy and warm , even in winter . this particular design of dot be not we favorite halo design , but it work just the same as the cuter design .
794	Baby	POS	5	these be so adorable to spruce up any outfit because they go with almost anything . they be also nice to keep on hand in the diaper bag when you be not sure what dress the weather permit . i have be able to put my daughter in cute little rompers with these and a sweater , even though it be be a chilly spring . i be so happy with they , i just buy another pair for a shower gift ! love ! love ! love !
421	Baby	POS	5	this be very nice item , for sure would buy again ! baby like to stay in this pad while i be change he .
745	Baby	POS	5	this product be a must have in everybody 's kitchen . anyone who have child will benefit from it right away . you can not bellieve how many thing this product handle .
237	Baby	POS	4	as a father of triplet i feel uniquely qualify to give the sleep sack a accurate review . i be not sure if we would have survive without it and we use small , medium , and large version as they grow from a few week to a year old . blanket be not safe to use with young baby , but it be still important to keep the little one warm and comfortable . these do the trick and be easier to manage than constantly wrap they . i would recommend to halo that they upgrade they zipper . after significant use one in three malfunction make it difficult to suit up a wiggle infant .
56	Baby	POS	5	i buy these spoon for my 6 month old to start she on puree food . these be very soft and look quite durable . so far they have hold up well despite my baby bite on they when she eat . they be gentler on she gum that the first year spoon that i purchase with another set of utensil .
687	Baby	POS	5	i have give sophie giraffe as a gift to two different young mother . my granddaughter be impressed that i know about sophie g. it seem sophie g be popular among she young mother friend . my granddaughter say that she son , my great grandson , love the toy and he four year old sister like it too . my husband and i be the godparent to my husband 's niece 's daughter who be now marry and just have a baby girl . mother and baby girl be please with sophie g and chan blue . the giraffe toy remind i of my own daughter 's love of a giraffe toy when she be a infant . i recall how easily she hold onto and maneuver the giraffe in she hand bring the toy to she mouth . yes , i do have to keep wash the toy down .
605	Baby	POS	4	this be great on our trip . it make move through the airport with the carseat easy , only drawback be if your child be in the seat and you have to go forward instead of pull the bag that the carseat be attached to it be hard move over bump but overall very positive experience .
233	Baby	POS	5	my newborn son be bear in 36 week , he weight under 6 lb , so he have very thin bum , most diaper cover be too loose on he or fit awkwardly . although this thirsty cover design for 6 lb and up , it can really fit he snugly without be uncomfortable . i love the feature that you can fold the velcro and it will attach inside the diaper and the diaper will be wash unfold . i will order more soon !
872	Baby	POS	5	this teether be the prefect size for those little mouth . ergonomically design to soothe you baby 's gum . highly recommend it .
790	Baby	POS	5	these bib have deep pocket , they catch almost all the spills\/mess . they have survive many trip though the wash machine . you can also hand wash they . just do not put they in the dryer , hang dry they . they be very sturdy and durable ! i have own they for about 5 month now and use they almost everyday . they have show minimal wear !
485	Baby	POS	5	this be the second one we buy for we son . it be big as the other review state but it work well . sleep sack be a great way to keep you child warm at night without the risk of they suffocate on a blanket .
478	Baby	POS	5	i pick this sleeved bib because it be reasonably price . i already own a bib with sleeve so i know what a great idea this product be and well worth the money . i be curious about how this brand would hold up to the standard . the two bib be well make and large enough to last through toddlerhood . best price for the quality ... worth get !
990	Baby	POS	5	we get this cover to protect we seat in brand new minivan ... it be hard to see my son just kick fresh and clean leather : -rrb- . . but this cover do the trick , stay in place all the time , and be transparent make it to be really invisible ... if you have toddler and little kid and care about keep you seat clean you must have this product .
256	Baby	POS	5	my 7 month old grandson be in heaven ... he have two very sharp little bottom tooth and he immediately start chew and pull on this weird little thing . it be very pliable and soft all around and he love chew on the ring as well as the leaf . he do look rather clownish with the big green leaf on either side of he mouth but if he be happy , then i be happy . i buy three , two for we and one for he parent house and i put one in the freezer . my grandson be a big boy and this be a big pacifier , i be not sure if a smaller\/younger infant could handle it . but give it a shot , sometimes all they want to do be chew ...
684	Baby	POS	4	this be a tough decision for i . i absolutely love the color and design of this outfit ; however , the material be a bit thin . so ... 5 star for the adorable factor and 3 star for material grade . overall score ... 4 stars . i opt to hang dry this one . if i do throw it into the dryer , i will turn inside out and dry on lowest temperature to preserve the bright color .
578	Baby	POS	5	my wife and i order these and be extremely happy with the quality of the material and finish . the cover be easy to use even with a newborn who be kick and scream ! the leg gusset really do prevent leak and we son be very comfortable in they . he be a relatively small baby at 6.5 lb but the x-small fit he perfectly and we expect it to last as he grow through 12 lb .
833	Baby	POS	5	i be look for some bib that help block pureed food from get on my baby . these bib be not totally waterproof , but they do block so much . they be a good length and width -lrb- 6 month old -rrb- plus they clean pretty easily . we rinse they off after each meal and then put they in the wash with everything else . they be now we go-to item .
667	Baby	POS	5	minor cons : - slightly time-consuming to wash multiple piece . - bottle always leak for i , i personally have to use another brand for feeding -lrb- tommee tippee be exceptional for combine breast and bottle -rrb- . - the bottle-pump be top-heavy and fall over if you be not careful , and can leak a little when on they side . - a little milk get under the ` petal ' and can occasionally be slightly messy . pro : - super comfortable !!!! - super fast ! - super suction -lrb- but you 'll hardly feel it -rrb- ! easily compare to the hospital grade pump i use , but without the discomfort . - infinite personalized variety in speed , rhythm , and suction intensity . i can change the variable as often as i want throughout the pump session so that it remain comfortable and can be match to the change of my flow . - double my output in half the time over my manual pump . - the \* only \* pump i would ever want to use multiple time daily . it be just so entirely comfortable and fast . the other pump -lrb- even the hospital one -rrb- make i slightly sore and make pump a burden , especially the more frequently i use they . - one reviewer say it do not work with very large nipple . i have find this to be untrue , you just have to be more careful with the placement and wet you breast first with a little milk to make it easier for they to slide into the funnel . but it do work .
980	Baby	POS	5	we have get four small boy and have try several different brand of feeder bib over the last 6.5 yr . this bumkins brand beat they all , it stand the test of time . we have have jjcole -lrb- gorgeous modern pattern but material separate after a month or two -rrb- and iplay which crack peel and eventually fall apart . bumpkin have last 5 year !!! look no further .
786	Baby	POS	5	i highly recommend the halo sleepsack swaddle . every new parent should have one in newborn size . get it before he or she arrive , so you save yourself a trip to the store in those first few day ! for the 2 day in the hospital and the first night at home , we swaddle we little girl in receive blanket -lrb- try waffle weave , thin & stretchy , thick & strong type of blanket -rrb- . well wrap she in blanket do not last long because she get out of they , and with she arm flail she keep wake herself up . not to mention , i lose sleep worry if the suddenly loose blanket would suffocate she . after the 1st night at home , we stop by baby r us and buy 3 different brand of sleep sack . we end up try this halo swaddle sleep sack , and the summer infant one -lrb- we do not even try the swaddlepod . just look scary , so we return it -rrb- . well the summer infant swaddler be really cute . it work for the first little bit , but when she get \* a little \* bigger -lrb- like a few week -rrb- , the velcro stop hold . either she get too big , or after a few time in the wash the velcro become useless . i think it be a combination of both . as for the halo swaddle , she have be use it every day and night . my quicktake on the item : sid prevention : i have no concern with this item , no more than any other general concern i feel for my baby all of the time anyway . yes , sometimes she be able to loosen the tight wrap a bit , and it come up above she mouth . however ... this can happen with any sleepsack or receive blanket . plus , if it be come up a little higher then it be looser . it be not tight over she mouth -lrb- as some reviewer have claim -rrb- we own sleep : every once in a while , my husband think he would wrap she in a receive blanket ... he be incredible at swaddle , but she could get out in 10 minute . we have never have better sleep than with this product . it be rare that she can get out of it . this be a baby that kick and flail constantly . appearance\/fabric : the fleece factor be not my favorite . if you have ever own a fleece jacket , you will know that it attract every hair , fuzzball , what-have-you in the vicinity . it be also quite warm . obviously we have ac , but during the hot hot summer we keep she in tshirt + sleepsack . for this reason , i do not always feel comfortable put she in she cute footie pajamas . now that we be hit fall , i be able to put she in regular pajamas when use the sleepsack size : she be bear 7 ' 2 '' and 20 inch . the newborn size last we till now at 10 week . she be currently 10 ' 2 '' and 22 inch . i be back to order the small size because she foot be about to hit the bottom of the blanket . quality of velcro : it have be through several wash , and i see no difference in the velcro 's ability to hold . unlike the summerinfant brand . we always try to remember to close the velcro before wash . other review : -lrb- 1 -rrb- mention of loop in front - i do not see these 2 -rrb- claim about lose tooth ? - i have no idea how this would happen . the zipper start at the top and come down so the pull-tab end at she foot , so how a baby could cut she tooth on the zipper i do not know . many pajamas have zipper so i do not know how this be any different .
562	Baby	POS	5	i have use fuzzibunz -lrb- which we love -rrb- and bum genious as well as prefold and other cd brand . i have the opportunity to review this diaper and i have to say when i first see its desing i be apprehensive . be use to pocket diaper where you stuff the insert , the way this be to be put together throw i off , but alas i try it out . and boy be i suprised . first the soaker be super duper absorbant . so much so that they last thorugh the night without any leak at all !!! i have yet to be able to accomplish this with any other cd unless i put like 4 soaker and my little man have a huge fluffly butt . one soaker pad be all it take i do not even have to double the soaker . needless to say i be in love with this diaper and the design we get be beyond cute .
491	Baby	POS	5	as we all know , you be suppose to put you baby to sleep on he back to help prevent sid . the sleepsack be a great product ! it keep baby nice and warm , yet you do not have to worry about a blanket . and there be space down in the bottom for he foot so he be not too restricted . also , the great thing be that it zip from top to bottom , so you do not have a big zipper poke baby in the face .
806	Baby	POS	5	perfect for my little eater . i like the long handle and the shallow spoon for my 7 month old .
420	Baby	POS	4	i recently learn about this item from a friend who say that this brand and product be very popular in the u.k. pro : keep toddler leg from be able to spread to get out of crib no need for extra blanket , this be pretty thick fun and colorful pattern two zipper that make it harder for toddler to escape -lrb- but still possible -rrb- \ great for cold month little fading after several month good quality we toddler be 35 inch long and there be still plenty of room to grow in this large bag so far we toddler have not try to get out of the crib after several month -lrb- the entire reason why i purchase the bag . . to keep we toddler in the crib longer ! -rrb- negative : very hot for a summer time sleep bag ! my toddler sweat really bad in the bag and there be not any hole to release normal body heat . we have to space the two zipper a part to create a small hole to release heat . we also have to keep we house tempature around 69 to 72 in order for we toddler not to get too hot -rrb- you toddler may just have to sleep in this as they pj and they diaper . the arm hole be way too big . sometimes my toddler yell `` stick '' over and over again in the middle of the night when he arm get stick inside the sleep bag -lrb- can pull he arm inside the grobag -rrb- . you may find you toddler have this on backwards in the morning since they can pull they arm easily into the sack and roll over inside the sack . it make i a little concerned that he might get he head stick inside the sleep bag -lrb- aka grobag -rrb- but that have not happen yet . it appear only the arm hole be too large -lrb- but at least it allow some body heat to be release from this thick bag -rrb-
135	Baby	POS	4	this be a great mobile , have lot of setting and the baby can turn it on and off . i wait till my son be 8 month old and i think that be too late . he like it ok , but it do not help he sleep or be happy sit in he crib alone .
293	Baby	POS	5	my 19 month decide he didnt like the bumkin bib he be be use for the past year one day so i have to get something else . i be debate between this one and the baby bjorn but the summer infant one 's price win i over . the bb one be too pricy ! anyway , no regret . the item be exactly as describe and my son wear this while eat . i be amaze at how its perfectly `` catch '' the food he miss with he mouth . overall happy with it . get the blue one .
805	Baby	POS	4	because the belt be braid , it can go very big and small . the double side color be a big bonus .
253	Baby	POS	4	so this be actually a very good pump ; more effective than the medela symphony , which i have rent for use before decide to buy this one . to summarize first , the medela do not draw nearly as much milk and be frustrate ; i have turn it up to the full strength which succeed in only cause intense discomfort and little milk . this avent pump , however , be magical : my first use draw so much milk my jaw literally drop at the sight of it ! and what a relief that be ... but now to the nitty-gritty : this pump have way too many wire -lrb- the picture do not show it , but the front on this pump have _ 3 _ separate outlet for the various wire need -rrb- , and the wire connect to the outlet be ridiculously long consider you be likely right near the outlet -lrb- and the pump itself -rrb- . consequently , when try to put it away without completely disconnect everything , all the wiring\/hosing become a tediously tangled mess . two , the pump itself be 4 separate part - 3 plastic piece and the hard shell . times 2 , and you have get nearly as much time wash as pump , which be a little much when you be at work . three , the hose that attach to the bottle really be stiff and a bit unwieldy\/heavy , which mean you really need to be careful not to topple you bottle over -lrb- yes , i know there be a base , but still -rrb- . it just make it one more thing to watch . and four : it be just a bit messy overall . milk get trap underneath the petal shield thing , and it just drip once detach from you , so you have to be careful not to get milk all over yourself . overall , however , i give this 4 star b\/c at the end of the day i just want as much milk express as possible , and this pump really do a great job so far -lrb- i have be use it daily for a few day , but every few day for at least 2 month now -rrb- . i just wish it be not so cumbersome .
103	Baby	POS	5	i love the velboa fabric . it be so soft and feel very high quality ! highly recommend for safe and cozy sleep . : -rrb-
854	Baby	POS	5	i love the avent product line . since i last use they , they have definitely improve . with the new ring that hold the nipple in place , i do not have any issue with the bottle leak . this be a very nice surprise and a change that i do not mind complete a extra step for . as usual , they hold up great and limit the fussiness . the pacifier cover be lifesaver since i hate put they into the diaper bag without protection . with the cover , i no longer have to put the pacifier into a ziplock bag to keep they clean .
572	Baby	POS	5	when i be register for my baby shower i see this . it be to cute to take a chance on not get it . so i purchase it myself . it be so cute ! the bunny tail on the back be adorable and there be the cutest little gift tag on it that look like a package of seed . so it would make a great gift to : -rrb-
134	Baby	POS	5	i absolutely love cute hat on baby , love . once i find these adorable ` lil monkey hats , i \* know \* i have to get one for my little girl that be due in july . i purchase the ` lil monkey hat with pink trim and will be use it as part of she `` come home '' outfit . : -rrb- keep up the great work and i look forward to more amazing product from ya 'll . : d
1	Baby	POS	5	this sleepsack be a great way to make sure you little one stay cover all night long . great buy and great price .
115	Baby	POS	5	i purchase this change table on a saturday afternoon and it arrive at my house the next tuesday . i be impress at how easy it be to assemble . i be almost full term with my pregnancy and be able to help my not so handy boyfriend put it together . it take we about 30 minute and do not require any tool , just the small alan wrench that come with the hard wear . the espresso color -lrb- which be a dark chocolate brown -rrb- match the crib perfectly and all the piece be in great shape . i leave the wheel off just because of personal preferance and think this piece of furniture will be perfect for my little one . i do buy a replacement contoured change pad since the one that come with the set it very thin and flimsy .
386	Baby	POS	4	i use to have one of these for my oldest niece , but we lose it somewhere between move ! when my next niece be ready to start training , i could not not buy this one again ! it be easy to use , and easy to clean ! yes , the seat padding may crack , but we have train the kid that this be they potty and not a toy . the only thing that could make this better be if replacement padding be easier to locate and purchase without buy the whole system .
15	Baby	POS	5	i see this in a boutique gift store for over 10 dollar more than what this cost . i love this stuff animal , its so cute and unique . i get it for myself , not a baby !
391	Baby	POS	5	my daughter be the last in she preschool class to be potty train . she just be not interested . she be so into dora , so santa put these in she stock to motivate she . it work ! my daughter be excite to put a sticker on each step and follow it to a tee . she be completely potty train within the week . she preschool teacher be so surprised when she return from break and want to know the secret . i tell she about the dora sticker from santa and my daughter beam with pride . it be a great motivator for she , especially since dora be she favorite . good luck !
128	Baby	POS	5	i be hesitant to buy this product - i have shower door , and no review mention door , just curtain ... i be happy to say , it do work with my shower door -lrb- see picture -rrb- and meet we need . the two tray be tight to slide together -lrb- as mention in other review -rrb- . once adjust however , i know they 'll stay put . we toy fit well inside the basket ; there be more space than i expect . my daughter have -lrb- so far -rrb- be good about pick up she toy after she bath , so i can happily announce that they be no longer scatter across the tub and floor after every bath ! i be able to move the basket to the front , middle , or rear of the tub -lrb- depend on who be use it at the time -rrb- . for those review that say this be a unsafe product - the first warning read , `` bath storage basket be not to be use to assist in balance . use only as intend : to hold toy , bath care item , etc. '' i would not want my child pull themselves up on something plastic and unsecured anyway , especially in the tub . clearly it be not go to be stable unless bolt down . if you think you child will be pull themselves up , no tub storage would be a good idea for you ... or , just remove the basket during bath time . i would certainly buy this product again , or recommend it to a friend .
711	Baby	POS	5	same as the giggle brand one , only cheaper . i like these a lot , have 8 total , might buy more ! very plain though , they look a little bit unfinished .
969	Baby	POS	4	they do a good job of keep wipe warm and moist , but they can turn pretty brown . the direction warn of this , especially if you use wipe that have thing like aloe or scent . but it be nice for the middle-of-the-night diaper change when a cold wipe would have make everyone 's night a bad one !
925	Baby	POS	5	buy these as a gift for my daughter and could not be happpier . nice bright cololr and soft make it child friendly .
307	Baby	POS	4	overall i like these and they be my most frequently use bib . they be really cute , a good size to cover she chest down to the high chair tray , and although the neck opening be kind of big for she , it get the job do . the soft terry be great for wipe off she face when she be do eating . my one complaint be that after only a few washing -lrb- cold\/gentle & low heat dry -rrb- , the velcro be already noticeably less functional .
904	Baby	POS	4	a cute onesie for my son , but the yellow be lighter in real life than it appear on my computer screen or on the tv show . in other word , it be still cool , but not as cool as it would have be have they get the color right . that be say , i also buy my son a blue science officer 's -lrb- spock -rrb- onesie , and that one look great . the color be on point , and the starfleet logo pop better against the blue . yes , i know , i be a total nerd . live long and prosper .
183	Baby	POS	5	i buy two tan 2 stageseat saver to protect the leather seat of my new car . my kid 's car seat put dent in the upholstery of my other car and the thing that accumulate under car seat be a disaster . i be very happy with this product . the tan color work well with the beige leather interior . and the seat be also protect from shoe as my kid be old enough to climb in and out of they seat . the front flap protect the leather from the kid ' shoe hang down . easy to install , even with my latch system . i recommend this product to anyone who want they back seat to stay nice through the car seat year !
321	Baby	POS	5	i love these sleepsack . i have both the fleece and cotton version . they be a excellent , safe alternative to use blanket in the crib . blanket be not the best choice these day as they be not safe -lrb- increase sid risk -rrb- and can easily be kick off , leave baby cold and cry . these be a natural next step to use after my baby outgrow the swadde -lrb- around 4 month -rrb- . i plan to keep get larger size as my baby grow . i love this product and would suggest it to all parent and caregiver out there .
511	Baby	POS	5	these spoon be make of a soft plastic , so they be comfortable for my 4 month old 's mouth . they be dishwasher safe , i wash they in the nipple cage i have for the top rack of the dishwasher . they hold just the right amount of food in each spoonful . the handle be the perfect size for adult hand .
962	Baby	POS	5	i have be use these for about a week now . i be exclusively pump at the moment for my preemie and the nicu recommend i use storage bag instead of invest in storage bottle . i have not have a issue like some say with leak . then again i put mine directly in the freezer after pump . i have never see mine leak once yet . i can not say how they be if keep in a diaper bag or anything after thaw but then again how much of anything liquid would fare well in a ziplock type baggy if be carry around ?? i will keep buy these becuase they work for i .
559	Baby	POS	5	the fleece halo swaddle sleep sack work very well . the fleece be very warm , it be easy to unzip and change baby in the middle of the night and the swaddle really help the baby sleep better and provide extra warmth . highly recommend . this swaddle sack be soooo much easier than use receive blanket .
757	Baby	POS	5	this be my favorite bottle brush because it stand up and it have a sponge at the end , not bristle . i think this be one of the only brand with that combination . brush with only bristle at the tip make a big splashy mess . i can not seem to use they without liberally spray everything within 6 foot when i wash the bottle . yeah , these brush do not last forever . neither do my kitchen sponge . i have be replace these every 3 or 4 month . i think that be a decent lifespan for something that be use multiple time a day , every day . go dr. brown .
426	Baby	POS	4	these be soft and comfy but not particularly absorbent , so they do not make great burp rag or anything like that . they be too small for swaddle my preemie at just five week -- however , i do use they to cover he leg in the carseat and to wrap around he inside zip-up swaddle and sleep sack ; also , they be fine for put under he if i have to lay he on the floor or couch , just as a barrier to keep he skin from touch the dirtier surface . still , i mostly buy these to have extra swaddle blanket and they really be not the best for that . i do wish i would have these when he be bear since i would have be able to swaddle he in they then . overall they be cute and soft , they be the cheapest available and the thickness be good for texas heat . but if i would realize how big a swaddle cloth need to be i would have make sure to only buy 40 '' square or bigger .
643	Baby	POS	5	i love this little bib ! i buy it as a whim to go with the splat may -lrb- which be awesome ! -rrb- and i really like it . i just buy another one . the can go in the wash machine fine , do not soak through and have a little catcher bit at the bottom . also , my daughter -lrb- as of yet - 9.5 -rrb- do not pull they right off when she try . the velcro be adjustable , so my 9.5 year old and my 3 year old can both wear this and they both like it ! total side bonus - very cute !
366	Baby	POS	4	this be a great sleeper -- warm , do not wear out -- but be aware the size be huge . i buy the early walker xlarge for my 18 month old , think it would be a bit big but he would wear it into he 2 . this thing be so big that it be too large for my 3.5 year old ! the size description -lrb- even on halo 's own website -rrb- be misleading , so i would advise purchase a size smaller than you think you would otherwise require .
563	Baby	POS	5	i love this product ! it be cute , easy to assemble , and easy to attach to the crib . however , the only problem i have come across be change the battery . you have to take it off of the crib , then take off the back panel , and then change the battery . my daughter 's crib be against the wall , so i have to pull she crib out every time i need to change the battery . the remote control work great , and the different melody -lrb- or rainforest sound -rrb- be really great . all around , i would say i would purchase this again !
816	Baby	POS	5	i purchase these to wipe off my daughter pacus when it get dirty and they be perfect for that , but they be also perfect for wipe dirty face , and mouth after eat . these wipe be a great size and i love the many use for they . i feel better use these on the kid face over the one with chemical in they . i highly recommend these wipe for kid of all age !
731	Baby	POS	5	i get four of these sleepsack , two fleece and two cotton . i find the fleece sleepsack do get bitty after a couple of wash , but it do not effect the product . they be wonderful . if you be buy for a newborn , get the 6-12 month size , since it 'll last a bit longer . i end up give away the 0-6 month size , when my baby be only 3 month old , as it be get a bit small .
492	Baby	POS	4	very useful to have velcro attachment . imagine pull off a wet , dirty diaper with only elastic at the waist -- messy ! i plan to buy the next size when he outgrow this one .
540	Baby	POS	4	i be new to cloth diaper , but so far i like the prefold\/cover system as it be cheap and very effective . this cover start fitting my son around 10 pound , and he be still in it at 17 . the inner gusset be great and i have never have a leak . i think in the future i will get snap closure , the velcro be hold up for now but i do not see it last through more than one child . overall a great choice for the price .
659	Baby	POS	4	this wearable blanket be soft and strong . i only wish they also make these with long sleeve and with organic egyptian cotton .
172	Baby	POS	5	this be a must have for a number of reason . works well as a throw cloth for baby 's throw up as well as a blanket .
824	Baby	POS	5	i order these mitten because i want something to keep my six month old son 's hand warm for winter . these mitten do exactly what the description say . the large size fit my baby well with room to grow and the velcro strap be genius . there be no way the mitten be come off . i have wash they several time and the color hold up well . i have not notice any shrinking , even though i put they in the dryer . the price be worth it . i have already recommend they to other new mom . two thumb up !
450	Baby	POS	5	first off i love halo , they make a great product and i have use they sleepsack ever since my daughter be little . now at almost 2 i want to try the toddler version . we call they she cozy and she love wear they . this one in particular since she be gaga about cupcake . she stay warm all night and i do not have to worry about a blanket , love love love ! just a size note , we buy the xl size and my daughter be a average size 20 month old . when people say these run big they mean it !!
290	Baby	POS	4	the quality of the item and the appearance and packaging be completely satisfactory . i must confess i be a little dissapointed that it be not american make , but this do not affect the quality of the product . also i be amazing at how quickly it be receive .
377	Baby	POS	4	i be just one of those lady that refuse to dress she kid in outrageous foo foo outfit . so my solution ? this simple bib on top of a simple white outfit . that way my baby be comfortable during the christen and even during the reception .
922	Baby	POS	4	it be a very good product and the only reason why i give 4 start be due to the bottom rack be not revolving -lrb- kind of stick after 3 day , do not know if i set it up wrong -rrb- . otherwise , absolutely useful and serve the purpose .
325	Baby	POS	5	we little one look very cute with this bib , and we do not have to deal with the stain anymore . we love it !!
608	Baby	POS	5	my daughter love this teether . i also feel as think it help get she off of the binky . its good quality and she like look at the bright color .
335	Baby	POS	5	this be a very cute leg warmer . this be great for my son when he start crawl everywhere . the leg warmer give a little padding on he knee when he crawl on the hard surface . and of course , this be a great addition to he ohio state gameday outfit .
521	Baby	POS	5	i love these soft-tip infant spoon ! i do not have to worry about my baby 's lip get cut or anything because the edge of these spoon be super soft , and the spoon itself be small enough to fit in a infant 's mouth . we have no trouble use these spoon , and they be easy to clean . but just fyi , certain food can leave stain on the blue spoon and purple spoon . but the other spoon seem to be just fine .
480	Baby	POS	5	this outfit be so cute ! i of course have to buy it for my b\/g twin and it look very good on they ! good quality soft cotton .
964	Baby	POS	4	i like this cover . it be really cute and fit my baby . i do not give it five star for the follow reason : the cover be for baby up to 9 pound . the prefold i use with it have a weight capacity of 6-16 pound . i suspect this be why the edge of the cover tend to absorb some urine . i always tuck the diaper inside , but i suspect i need preemie size prefold with it for it to work best . the cover still prevent the baby 's clothing from get wet , so i still use it . it usually have to go in the diaper pail with the first diaper change , though , which sort of defeat the purpose of have a wipe-clean interior . i would buy it again in a bigger size be i in the market for more diaper cover .
617	Baby	POS	5	buy these for my newborn she have large finger and the gerber newborn mitten be too small . these be large she can open she hand . the material be also very soft and color be neutral
550	Baby	POS	4	this be a very nice sturdy change table . i love the color . the shelf be nice to put extra item on .
367	Baby	POS	4	the sheep itself be very soft and very cuddly -lrb- i also have the back to sleep bear and the slumber bear by prince lionheart and these be not as well make or as attractive to a small baby -rrb- , the white sound -lrb- ocean and rain -rrb- be great and very effective although i prefer the in-utero sound of the slumber bear \/ back to sleep bear as they combine the heartbeat with a swooshy white noise that have be very effective for my daughter -lrb- the heart beat on the larger sleep sheep be very ` thumpy ' not white noise -rrb- . the timer setting be great , 25 min be ideal for my child , and 45 min for a more fussy night - prince lionheart go off after 5 min - however the slumber bear \/ back to sleep bear be sound and movement activate and this be a real winner for i as my baby wake frequently at night and resettle herself when the white noise restart ... the only problem with the sheep be that i would have to go into the nursery to restart it myself and once my daughter see i she get upset when i leave again . the reason we have all 3 be that the first slumber bear we have stop work recently and we need 2 sound box go off at once to settle she because she like she white noise very loud to drown out she brother shriek \/ sleep talk ... i use this to get she to sleep initially and the back to sleep bear for resettle in the night .
75	Baby	POS	4	i buy this sleep sack as i be look for something cotton and breathable as a alternative to fleece -lrb- = sweaty baby -rrb- . the product itself be very nice , soft and truly breathable but heavy at the same time . unfortunately the zipper be a flimsy plastic little nothing that should not be place on a baby product . after about 2 week of usage it open up -lrb- the zipper blocker on top come undo -rrb- and i find my kid 's lower body completely out of the sack as he be a wiggly sleeper and get himself out of it . it really scare i . anyway , i write to aden + anais describe the situation and be tell to send a photo and product series number . i receive a new blanket in the mail a couple day later ; however , despite the customer service representative 's explanation that the weak zipper be not a standard , the new blanket have exactly the same tiny plastic zipper . i do use this sack from time to time as my son be 9 month old now and i be less concerned with sid but i still do not understand how a product that be suppose to be upscale can be so unsafe . i compare the zipper on aden + anais with a cheap halo and the halo sack have a much sturdier zipper . another thing about this sack that be not so great be the fact that the fabric be very delicate and will rip and pill easily so i recommend wash it separately . anything with velcro -lrb- like a lonely bib bury in a pale of laundry -rrb- will absolutely ruin it . i would normally give this product 3 star . the fourth one be for the fact that i be give a new sack after e-mail the company .
782	Baby	POS	4	i truly appreciate this playpen since they pay attention to detail but still make sure it be convenient for the mom too . i have c section and this playpen be right for you cause it be not too high for you when you have to bend down to put baby in the playpen . the canopy be something extra that make it look different than other playpen . lot of space to put stuff and diaper storage be useful as well . i really recommend : -rrb- to all mom . very nice playpen and worth all my money i spend .
2	Baby	POS	5	we have use halo sleepsack for we son for a long time now . i be always a little weary of these early walker sleepsack as i like the idea of he foot be cover and cozy . however , once we move to a warmer climate my son be too warm in he normal fleece halo sleepsack . i figure the early walker sleepsack would be great because it would be kinda like have a blanket on and stick you foot out to stay comfortable temperature wise . so i buy two of these and love they ! my son be 15 month and tall - 32 inch - and these fit he great . he wear the size large\/12 -18 month with some room to grow . it do drag on the ground a bit , but not to the point of trip he up . love these ! i wish they make they in a cotton version also .
320	Baby	POS	4	i purchase these seat back protector hope they would protect the seat from child 's foot . they work well . i have have they for several week and they have not droop , slide or sag . i recommend they .
487	Baby	POS	4	this bib be great at provide full coverage for the mess of feed a 6 month old . we avoid get food all over he clothes . it be a little big for he age , but he 'll grow into it quickly .
389	Baby	POS	5	if you be do you part to save the environment as well as some cash by use cloth diaper , this be the diaper cover to own ! i use the small diaper cover from the time my son be a newborn -lrb- 7lb 9oz -rrb- until he be 7 month old -lrb- 18.5 lb -rrb- . when he be a newborn , the leg opening be a little big , however we overlap and angle the side velcro strap when fasten to minimize the gap and never have a problem with leakage . we use small size pre-fold as well as old fashion fold-them-yourself diaper which fit perfectly in the small size thirsty . we go up to the medium size thirsty when we upgrade to the large size cloth diaper . he could still fit the small thirsty if we use medium size diaper . i fully expect the medium size thirsty cover to last he till he be potty train since there be a wide range of adjustment . these thirsty be easy to clean and dry quickly on the line . they seem to be comfortable and breathable since we have never have a problem with diaper rash and my son have very sensitive skin . they also last a long time ! i receive my first thirstie from a friend who use they for she two son . the velcro be not as strong as my new cover but strong enough to hold the cover on . we have never have a problem with leakage on that one either and this be the third baby bottom it be cover !
508	Baby	POS	5	we get this car seat after be very happy with my son 's first year via car seat . he be too big already for the extra padding but we have he back face in this seat for about six month and now have he forward face . he be like both way . i drive a hyundai sonata so we have decent room in my car for the seat but we have also put it in a friend 's four runner and my husband 's elantra and it have fit really well in all car . it be bigger than a lot of other car seat out there but i also feel like it be really well construct and pretty comfy . safety be obviously my primary concern and this car seat fit really snugly in my car and do not move around . i also find it really easy to install , please do read all the direction first , but after that time investment i have not have any issue install it quickly and securely . plus the seat seam pad well and comfortable for my son . i have feel a lot of other car seat out there that feel like they would be pretty hard to sit on and uncomfortable . a few thing i do not like but not many . the size be pretty big , not really a issue for i but it could be in some of the smaller car out there , although it do fit just fine in my husband 's elantra and that be not a huge car . also , my son figure out how to snap off the cup holder pretty quickly . it be not hard to get back on and it be nice that it pop off so it can go on either side , but it be annoy when he get it off and start throw it around . of course it would be that or he toy or whatever else he could find if he could not get it off . you do need a seat protector but you would need that with any car seat . i also do not like some of the color but that be personal preference . overall we be really happy with this car seat . it be not the cheapest seat out there but for how good it be and compare to comparable seat you be get one heck of a good deal .
625	Baby	POS	5	i be not sure i want to put out the $ for this but it have be worth every penny ! no more replace bib every couple month , no more bib in the laundry . my two year old now grab it off the fridge when it be time to eat and put it on himself ... talk about responsibility .
875	Baby	POS	4	i buy my first pack of munchkin spoon at a store because they catch my eye and i generally like munchkin product . i buy this second pack because my little guy like to hold on to at least one during meal as well he use they as drumstick on he toy , so i always feel in short supply . the only con really be the handle . while it be a great length and i like its size for grip , its uneven weight distribution with the rest of the spoon have cause it to tip out of many a bowl of food , often fling food to the table or floor . solve that problem by not rest it in the bowl anymore . overall , would recommend to a friend .
283	Baby	POS	5	we baby be strictly breastfeed from birth , however , one day he decide that he want to drink from the bottle , and now he have practically wean himself from nursing . until now i do not experience life with bottle , nipple , pump part etc , and dry they on top of a towel on the countertop be quite a challenge , because there be never enough air to dry the bottle and part completely . now that we have this dry rack , i just put all bottle , nipple and pump part in it and they all get dry very quickly . i be definitely recommend this product , as it take very little counter space and it do the job very nicely . will be give it as a baby shower gift to all my future expect friend !
301	Baby	POS	5	it do the job to keep the baby warm at night i recommend it highly . it would be better if the price be more entice
189	Baby	POS	4	my 3 1\/2 month old love this sleep bag . it keep she nice & warm without the worry of a loose blanket . i would have give this 5 star if i have recieve the sleep bag in the print i have order . we order the fairy print , size small . we get a sleep bag with fairy print , but not the fairy print show in the picture . so that be dissapointing & quite confusing but none the less , we love it & use it every night .
165	Baby	POS	5	great product . could not find in any local store . internet be become my first place to shop for many item .
318	Baby	POS	5	it be great for travel solo . it be awesome in plane with aisle large enough to fit both luggage and carseat .
524	Baby	POS	4	it be fine but i find another one i like better so i be send it back to little loved one
615	Baby	POS	5	i see this on amazon first but end up get it at toys r us . it be on sale and cost about the same as amazon have it . i be able to check it out in person and think `` why not . '' my son be about 4 month and he would try to put the underside of chan 's head in he mouth and would end up get mad b\/c he could not get a good hold of he . my son be now 7 month and he have be `` play with chan '' alot . i get a kick out of watch he bite down on chan 's `` hat '' and make he squeak and he love the sound and feel when he pull he out of he mouth . he also love pound chan on the floor , he head or he stomach . he just look at i with a smile know he can make chan talk . i love that it be make of natural rubber and food safe coloring . it be make in france . so the fact that it be not make in china be awesome . we do end up get sophie and pinky pie gnom as a 2 piece set from amazon . he play with sophie also but i have not give he pinky pie yet .
119	Baby	POS	5	i like it ! despite of what most review say about it be flimsy once bottle be on . i actually do not have a problem with it be flimsy and the turntable be not a problem as well . i have only use it for a month so far and it be hold up fine . right now i dry 3 to 4 5oz -lrb- wide -rrb- bottle , breastmilk storage cup , handheld breast pump part and a scrub brush on the rack . i do not think it be make cheaply and hold quite a bit .
393	Baby	POS	5	my husband and i order this for we daughter when she be 6 month old . she and we love it . my husband be able to put it together in less than a hour -lrb- he be not the handiest at assemble thing -rrb- and it withstand a beating from we daughter for month before she be too big for it . she played\/chewed\/pulled \/ yank on all the attachment on a daily basis , never get too bored . she be not too interested in the overhang bar piece , but she love everything else . we be give a couple other additional piece to switch out periodically ; she love all of they and really give they she all . none of they wear out or break !!! once she be too big to fit in the seat she would still walk around the outside playing with the attachment . also she would use it as a jumper\/jumperoo at time and it still withstand she energy . we would definitely recommend this item . all the piece be really cute as well .
873	Baby	POS	5	i see this and immediately need to order it for my 11 month old niece . she love it and it fit she giant noggin perfectly ! i be afraid that it would be too small , then when i open it i think it might be too big . it be perfect ! she have not get much hair at all yet so i want to get she a hat with ear flap to keep she little ear warm . my sister in law tell i she do not normally keep hat on but she love this hat and love wear it !!! so happy with this purchase !!! my only advice be to do away with the pin for now . although they be adorable , they be unsafe for a baby to have access to .
575	Baby	POS	5	this pump be great and easy to use . it be easily portable and make pump easy . i buy a separate pump bra , which make pump simple !
858	Baby	POS	5	this teether have work wonder for my daughter ! she never take a pacifier , but love this . she chew all over this thing and we have never have a problem with she choke or gag herself . we try so many different thing to help she with she teething pain , and this seem to be the only thing that really help . i 'll put in it the fridge for about 15 minute to get cool and then its all hers . also , when we first introduce this to she , she reject it for a few day . so do not give up on you little one , give they some time to get use to it . i would just set it on she high chair tray and let she decide what she want to do with it .
292	Baby	POS	5	my daughter start in a swaddle and upgrade to the sleepsack . halo make a top notch product and this be we second size increase in this product . we also have the cotton for summer and the fleece for winter . she be squirmy and would never keep blanket on so this be the perfect solution . also no need to worry about cover tangling or go over she head . a sound warm sleep for she and a little piece of mind for i !
817	Baby	POS	5	my daughter be bear in the spring , so we be use a+a regular swaddle blanket throughout spring and summer . i love they so much i keep buy more . anyways , it be fall\/winter now and we need something warmer . lo lovesssss this blanket ! it be sooo soft and comfy . i love it too . . i wish they make this in adult size !
302	Baby	POS	5	gifted this to a friend baby boy . they love this name brand in upstate new york . i hope they use it often .
973	Baby	POS	5	very easy to put together and `` bright '' for the baby and have a various toy that make noise for the baby to play with
507	Baby	POS	5	very happy with the purchase . my expectation be justified . indispensable thing for small child , very good quality . i recommend this product .
672	Baby	POS	5	i buy this for my 6 month old who be now very distract while nursing and be also want to chew on everything . the clasp be sturdy and the pendant be flexible with a little give . it need to be wash from time to time because it collect fuzzy . my son like hold on it it and occasionally will give it a little chew . i have get complement from other mom on how pretty it be and they do not know it be actually a teether . this one look more like turquoise than jade in my opinion because be very blue , not green . i love it . on i the pendant hang just below my chest so it be a long cord .
141	Baby	POS	4	the outfit come just as i expect . its super cute for any military family or otherwise . i buy for my nephew and i just love it !
627	Baby	POS	5	love these bib for my refluxy baby . she go through several a day . they be a little bit big around the neck , but she be only two month and these be for three month and up .
966	Baby	POS	4	my 6 month old son seem to enjoy eat with the spoon . he be not of the age to hold they himself and i worry that they may be too heavy and long , but in the meantime he enjoy the color and the tip do not hurt he gum .
329	Baby	POS	5	i think this be super adorable . it be incredibly soft and feel like a teddy bear . i do not have any kid , but i just have to have this for the future ! i would highly recommend it .
402	Baby	POS	4	a little pricey -lrb- for a bib -rrb- but be a wonderful way to tell we sister they be go to be auntie ! cute bib !
439	Baby	POS	4	this be the first time i try the thirsties diaper cover and the gusset really help to keep the leak in . you do need to change the diaper often becuase they will not keep leak in for long but that be par for the course if you be go the cloth diaper route . overall , the deign of the cover make it very easy for a quick change .
981	Baby	POS	5	i love these bib . they be large enough to cover the entire front of my child . there be a pocket on the front of the bib that catch many thing before they find they way onto the highchair or the floor . best of all , cleanup be a snap - just wipe it down or rinse in the sink . dries fast . the only thing that would make this better be a couple of tie on the side so we could use it as a art smock too : -rrb-
732	Baby	POS	5	really cheap and useful . perfect for mi girl !! she be not so small and the bib fit perfect ! i recommend they !!
597	Baby	POS	5	my little guy be just start to eat solid , so this be a perfect bib for a smaller baby . the surface area be not large enough for a toddler , but be the perfect size for a infant . i use this bib while travel and it roll up nicely . i love it because you can wipe it clean with a wet wipe at the table , without have to wash it with every use , keep i from have to have a collection of bib on hand . it also withstand scrub when i wash it with we soap wand at the sink . the silicone be very flexible compare to the bjorn brand `` silicone '' bib that be stiff plastic . my son do not mind wear it ... there be several size setting to keep it from be tight or uncomfortable . a overall great purchase and i would give this as a gift . this one bib have replace we drawer full of wipeable bib .
823	Baby	POS	5	i want something that i could shove in a bag , use in a restaurant or use in the car . this thing rock .
927	Baby	POS	4	the cotton be not a very good quality and the box be so flimsy that you can not reuse it .
459	Baby	POS	4	these mitten have work out great ! we start use they when we son be around 4 month , and at 5 month they still fit well with room to spare . we do not put they in the dryer , to prevent any shrink issue , so i can not comment on how they would hold up there . the velcro be fantastic at keep the mitten on he hand - he tend to slip right out of other mitten . they look big enough for he to continue wear until he outgrow he scratch issue !
953	Baby	POS	5	i search for coverall bib . they be very hard to find . i purchase these and be very impressed with the quality and style . will be buy more .
724	Baby	POS	5	well my nephew adore baby , and after the hundredth time of he fight for my daughter baby doll he mom and i decide to get he one . -lrb- he be still young enough to grow out of the phase we say -rrb- after i open the package and he see it i know i should have order more . it be so cute and soft , just the right size for a 2 year old . all the little kid like it older sibling as well because he sister immediately go online to look for a pretty pink one for herself ; -rrb- he like to snuggle with it and take it out of it be bag , it be like a little sleep blanket .
560	Baby	POS	5	my mom buy this for we before we son be bear . it have be so nice to have something to sterilize everything so quickly and easily . love it .
479	Baby	POS	4	i buy two of these seat saver for my honda odyssey to accommodate britax marathon carseat . yes , the basis be wide , but be not that the point ? the non-slip surface on the underside grip the leather very well and my car seat have no slip and slide when latch in and secure . the front flap be great for keep melting snow and ice and general muck from my kid 's shoe off the front of the seat . i wish i would buy a third for the infant car seat !
825	Baby	POS	5	love this bib . it be the only one we use . easy to take with you because it unsnaps and fold neatly , but when snap together , it be sturdy enough to catch anything we messy toddler drop . it even catch -lrb- and hold -rrb- the milk he spill into it ! i have wash it in the machine on gentle when it get really dirty . we have have ours for about a year and it be start to crack , so i 'll be replace it . well worth the slightly higher price .
567	Baby	POS	5	got these burp clothes in addition to the towel and wash clothes . they be high quality - good absorbancy - and we have wash they several time and they have hold up very well . very cute . also more than enough to clean up spit-up .
231	Baby	POS	5	i buy these sack for my twin for safety reason and now they sleep in they every night . i just order a larger size for 18 month and will be transition soon . i do not have to worry about choking\/smothering hazard and i know they little tootsie stay cozy . my son will occasionally get the snap undo , but it be rare . i know this product be a bit expensive , but worth it .
365	Baby	POS	4	the boppy be so nice for my newborn to lay on and i could prop he up with it . he love tummy time with it and it work great to have he awake while on it . i know it be a breastfeed pillow but i do not really use it as that very often . i nurse off and on but mostly pump so that be most of it but when i do nurse , it do not seem to help very much with position , etc. . i still think it be a great baby purchase but if you use it simply for nursing , i do not think you will use it much . especially after you get the hang of it , you will not need it anymore . i enjoy this purcahse and would recommend it . great for a 0-6 month old !
613	Baby	POS	4	these be perfect little spoon for first time eaters\/babies . they be perfect size for little mouth with long handle for moms\/dads . i since have move on to more toddler spoon , but these be still around in those rare occasion i run out of the other .
754	Baby	POS	5	what a great little sleep and play set . the material be wonderful feeling and it be very comfortable to we little one . i get it look for more organic pj 's not care about the color for we little girl , , ... and now it be one of she very favorite . love this brand !!
42	Baby	POS	4	i purchase this product for my daughter in the peach color size 1-2 year . the color be definitely more of a light tangerine more than a peach in my opinion , but it be very pretty . it be a high quality , very durable design unlike some other pettus rompers i have purchase in the past that fall apart easily . but unfortunately i have to take off one star because the sizing be a little off in my opinion . i purchase the 1-2 year size and at the time when my daughter wear it she be wear a size 18m and it barely stretch enough to fit she . there be no way this would fit she if she be wear a size 24m or 2t . strangely , the strap be way too long . they keep fall down so i tuck they in to the top . also the fabric be not very breathable at all and she be very itchy because of the elastic and lace . next time we look for pettus rompers i 'll be check out the chiffon and satin one instead of the lace one .
330	Baby	POS	5	we buy the first set because we be potty training and this be the set they have at we toddler 's day care . we buy the second set -lrb- to travel in the car -rrb- because the first set be such a success . we son love it , and start use it strait away with no problem . the seat be not a perfect fit for we toilet seat : the toilet seat be longer , so the thoma seat slide back and forth . however , we solve that with a moist wipe box wedge in behind the thoma seat . we four year old can put it all together on he own , so he can go pee in the middle of the night without we help . he move the step stool easily from the toilet bowl to the sink . the rubber grip on top stop he from slip . the cushion seat -lrb- which be entirely wrap in plastic -rrb- detach easily from its plastic base , so you can wash both part .
787	Baby	POS	5	when i receievd my first birpy bid i be so impressed that i order three more ! this be my go-to item i can not live without . i have tell other mom of the quality and multi-use of this item . i just wish they come in more pattern !
131	Baby	POS	5	cutest leg warmer i have ever see ! they be very soft and extremely well make . i highly recommend these for little girl everywhere ! : o -rrb-
989	Baby	POS	5	i order two of these in size m\/l when my baby outgrow he newborn mitten , and they be awesome . they stay put and provide protection from baby scratch himself , as well as light warmth . the reversible design be also fun . they be hold up well to my baby 's -lrb- toothless -rrb- chew . a additional benefit be that when baby be wear these mitten , people be less likely to touch he little hand and pass along germ . highly recommend product .
620	Baby	POS	4	i purchase this bib because my daughter drool and ordinary bib get so wet , so fast . i be hope that this bib absorb she drool well so i do not have to change she regular bib constantly . as far as the absorbency go , i feel that it be not much different than the regular one . however , it work well for feeding . its material be resistant to stain , fast to dry after i wash and hang it . i use it everyday when i feed she .
438	Baby	POS	5	i buy this on a whim because my son be just start to tooth at 5 month . most of the teethe toy i have be too large , have sharp ridge , or be too hard and make he cry . he finally start suck on he finger which seem to satisfy he , so i know i need to find something that would offer the softness and at the same time the resistence that he finger could . i take a chance on this product hope it would not be too big or hard and its just perfect . the texture , the density , and all the ridge be exactly what he need . and its bpa free ... i be so glad i find this !
555	Baby	POS	5	these aden + anai bib be great ! love the way they snap on the side & be adjustable to three snap to accommodate my grow baby girl . they also wash really well & only get softer with each wash . i highly recommend they . they be pricey , but worth it !
983	Baby	POS	5	i try many a sleep sack . my little guy love be swaddle and would not go to sleep with out swaddle . but when he get too big for swaddle the thing that keep he warm and comfortable and able to sleep through the night be the baby deedee sleep nest . i get the size medium and my 6 month old boy be pretty big and long , a s big as he 1 year old friend . the sack be roomy and warm . the glow in the dark zipper be a nice touch . the zipper be big and easy to use unlike some i have try . the material be quality and he sleep in it every night , and all through the night . one night my husband forget to put he in it and he wake up all through the night . in the spring i will need to get the next size up . great product .
831	Baby	POS	5	my six month old daughter have be use this activity center for several month and absolutely love it . she will play in it for long period of time since she can easliy swivel the seat to get to a new toy , and she really love the bright color and sound . we use it with the stabilizer foot in place and it never seem too unstable for she , even when she be bounce as much as she can . it be easy to assemble and the part come apart easily if need for cleaning . after research and read many review , i be glad i decide to order this activity center and be sure my daughter will continue to enjoy it for month to come .
451	Baby	POS	5	i wait a really long time to buy this because it feel like a lot of money to pay for a smock . i regret wait at all . it make feed time infinitely easier - i do not have to completely strip down my toddler anymore or spend hour try to clean out stain . it be long enough to cover he lap beyond the highchair tray -lrb- if you do not use a tray , part of the leg will still be expose for spill -rrb- . the neck be high enough to cover he collar which use to get hit even with a bib . it be really easy to clean , and i be no longer afraid to let my child feed himself goopy , stain food ! it be completely worth it and i wish i would have it since he start solid . later edit : we have now have this smock for about 2 year and it be barely show sign of wear . i throw it in the laundry about once a week for a thorough cleaning and just wipe it down with a paper towel between meal . the best way to get it clean be to turn it inside out in the wash and then hang it over a chair . it will dry extremely fast and get really clean . if you do not turn it inside out , the sleeve have a hard time dry on the inside where the absorbent fabric be . we love this smock and just order a second one for my daughter .
675	Baby	POS	5	these sleep sack be so cozy for the little one . it give i a great feeling of comfort know that my guy would not end up tangled in he blanket at night . we keep we house cool during the winter time so we could dress he in normal pajamas and still use this sack . in the summer time we would put a short sleeve and shorts pajama set on he and use this sack . he never wake up too hot or too cold so i think they work great . cream color be nice and neutral for either gender .
903	Baby	POS	5	it be very cute , yes , but also well make and very soft . fit best on a 6 to 18 month old i would say . velcro and soft terry cloth . look just like the picture .
77	Baby	POS	4	highly recommend these sleeper sacks . we baby hate the swaddle , so this be a nice , safe alternative that keep he warm on those chilly night .
160	Baby	POS	5	great product ! it really proctect the back of the seat . it fit perfectly . i would recommend it to all my friend .
238	Baby	POS	5	do not look at the weight range when decide on a size . my son be at the top end of the size large weight range , but this item will still fit he for many month . instead , look at the height range for a more accurate size determination . my tall son be grow out of size 18-24 month clothing , but the size large sleepsack -lrb- size 12-18 month -rrb- will fit he for many more month .
952	Baby	POS	5	both the blue and the pink vulli chan pie gnon soft chew toy be order , one for each of my lovely twin granddaughter . i be hope they would chew on they own -- that do not work but they do like they . order be simple and they arrive very quickly with no problem . thank you !
514	Baby	POS	5	i buy this as a gift for a friend . i have one when my daughter be bear and i do not know what i would have do without it . it be great for feed -lrb- breast or bottle -rrb- . my mother-in-law -lrb- who have horrible arthritis -rrb- love it because she use it just to hold my daughter and she feel safer with the boppy . and they be great as baby get older as a aid for sit up or lay on they belly . i have buy one for everyone i know who be pregnant ! it be a great gift .
431	Baby	POS	5	i use another , less expensive pump for about 3 month ; it die so i buy this one . it be so much more comfortable ! it be a little bit slow , so if that matter to you that might cause a issue , but i pump much more milk than with my other pump . i think for the price , this be a excellent purchase .
455	Baby	POS	5	i buy bumpkin , fuzzibunz and thirsties when i be build my stash for my first child and the thirsties fit my daughter the best from day one -lrb- well technically day 3 -rrb- . my daughter be 7 lb 6 oz , tall and skinny . the thirsties cover fit she the best . the extra smalls -lrb- newborn -rrb- be great for she tiny butt and she wear they until she be about 4 month old . my daughter be now 5 month and the smalls be just now fitting she well . i like that the tab have the velcro material on they so you can overlap they for really skinny baby . the leg gusset be a little loose when my daughter be 3 month and under , but ever since she gain a bit of weight -lrb- maybe by 09 lb -rrb- they fit she perfectly . and the leg gusset do not leave mark on she leg like the bumpkin do -lrb- too tight maybe ? -rrb- . the few time my daughter have blow out of she cloth diaper , the thirsties contain the mess well , unlike the bumpkin which get the poo everywhere . i be definitely keep these thirsty for the next child .
284	Baby	POS	5	i be thrill with this product , which be great for diaper change and wipe up -lrb- face , nose area , hand -rrb- . it truly require no rinsing and have be wonderful when use on both my sensitive skin daughter aged 2 and 10 month . we have never experience a negative reaction to this product and its light , clean scent be divine . chris in cherry hill , nj
288	Baby	POS	5	i buy these in a 5-pack a couple of month ago and now i be back for the 10-pack ! my 6 month old make a real mess during mealtime and these bib have prove to be a great product . i love that they be reversible -- help get more use out of each one and keep the laundry pile from get outrageous ! even though it be recommend not to put they in the dryer , i have do it and have no problem !! a couple of people may complain that these be thin but it be really not a factor since they be definitely waterproof !
378	Baby	POS	5	i purchase this for my daughter and i actually get to use it while she come to stay for a week . it hold all the small bottle part , plenty of spike to place bottle on and the ability to spin around be great . and have a small counter footprint and easily break down for travel ! why people complain about a product that do the job and be such a great price be beyond i !
408	Baby	POS	5	this be the best bib i have ever buy . they be large , have a big pocket to catch food , and very colorful . the print be really cheerful . when i put it on my 2 year old she say , `` pretty '' . i love the fact that you can open up the pocket for easy cleaning . you will not go wrong buy these bib .
392	Baby	POS	5	this be by far my favorite burp cloth . i love that it easily convert to a bib . the fabric be very soft and the contoured neckline catch spill during feeding . i buy several of these !
694	Baby	POS	5	we buy one of these a month after we daughter be bear 2 year ago and it have work perfectly . we have a tahoe with leather seat and before we get this she seat move around to much no matter how tight the seat belt be . since we have start use this she carseat have be fine , they stay tight with this and do not move around . i be go to buy another one for we second child .
879	Baby	POS	5	i get these block when my daughter be 5 month old and she love they right away . she be now 9 month and she still love they . she seem to like the crinkly block better than the rattly\/jingly block , but they all have something different that attract she to each of they . i wish there be more than just 4 of these block ! we always bring at least one block with we when we go out in the car . wash machine have yet to destroy they , i just put they in a mesh bag on the gentle cycle .
127	Baby	POS	4	i love this little sack . snuggly and warm and adorable . we use it as she first halloween costume and it be perfect for chilly october evening . my only complaint be that it run a bit small -- ours be size 0-6 month and it barely fit she at 3 month and she be on the small side . particularly , the hat be super small . she have a little pin-head -lrb- 25th percentile circumference -rrb- but the hat just barely fit . so be careful if you have a big-head baby . other than it run a bit small compare to how it be label it be a fantastic product .
954	Baby	POS	5	i do a lot of research on what baby journal to buy and settle on this one and i do not regret it even for a second . this book be perfect ! you can keep track of anything you baby do , from eat and sleep and diaper to all the other thing they do like first smile and first laugh . i only wish that instead of be 3 month it would be longer , like 6 month or even 1 year . i would definitely recommend for the first month of you baby 's life .
744	Baby	POS	5	this be the third halo sack i buy as my daughter outgrow the other . they be well construct and very functional and most importantly allow i to sleep in peace know that my daughter will never be too cold at night .
475	Baby	POS	5	you can not tell from the picture , but the red and green bib be super soft . my husband and i want to be sure that we daughter be not cover in pink all the time so these bib be perfect !
416	Baby	POS	5	love that the bib cover a large area and come in many cute design . also , the material be super soft and absorbent . love it !
372	Baby	POS	5	if you be look for a basic boppy that can change look anytime you want , this be the one . it fit so many different slip cover , so you be able to use it with any baby . this kind of boppy have always be a favorite for i while nursing . i think anyone would like it .
813	Baby	POS	5	i use these type of lock to keep knife and silverware , and other dangerous kitchen utensil and tool out of the hand of my special need son . i have previously use the tot locks , which work great , but due to the difficulty in install they decide to give these a try . and they work like a charm : -rrb- my son be very mechanically inclined , unfortunately , and if he could see the lock he would be able to figure it out in no time flat . but because of these be design the cabinet or drawer only open about 1\/2 '' and there be nothing for he to push on to open it . and installation be very simple . i love that i do not have to drill the hole for the release .
80	Baby	POS	5	love this bib . it be so easy to clean and it catch mostly everything that my little on drop . after she eat i just wipe it down in the sink and set it to the side to dry , then it be ready for the next meal ! my daughter be a year and i just barely discover these . i be use the small little material one up till now . i have to wash they so often .
236	Baby	POS	5	this have be my favorite brush with all my kid . and now that the brush be new and improve i love it even more . i do like the stand , help keep the sponge dry and not smelly .
234	Baby	POS	5	i be a mother with 3 young child . my youngest be 8 month old and grab the spoon while i feed he mushy baby food . even though he always wear a bib , he clothes usually still get dirty . i wonder if any bib would actually keep he clothes clean . i have compare the bumkins superbib , the babybjorn bib , the bibbity bib , and the bumkins sleeved bib . with my first child , i quickly realize that use cloth bib and put they in the laundry after each meal be a terrible idea . they would get moldy and i have to own a dozen bib . then i switch to bumkins superbibs . they be very easy to use . i just wash they in the sink after meal and hang they on my bib dry rack . the bib be dry and ready to use again by the next meal . bumkins superbibs be lightweight and my baby never mind wear they . since the pocket be soft , they do not work well if the bib have be keep flat in a drawer . i always keep my superbib hang upside down by the pocket on the bib dry rack . so , the pocket dry in the open position and work better . my 3 year old daughter love to wear she bumkins superbibs and they be great for she but they do not adequately protect my baby who fling oatmeal . both the babybjorn and the bibbity bib be smaller than the bumkins superbibs . the babybjorn bib be make of hard plastic -lrb- like a cup -rrb- . it say `` soft '' in the description but that be just nonsense . the bibbity bib be softer , like rubber . the babybjorn bib be difficult to put on the baby because it be so hard . even the neck strap be make of stiff plastic . i have great difficulty adjust the neck hole because it keep hurt my son 's neck . i never could get the hole small enough to keep food from escape onto the clothes below he chin . plan on baby cry the entire time you be fiddle with this bib . the pocket of the bjorn bib be great and always stay open . however , because the pocket be so rigid , it clash with the tray . my son sit on a chair that clip onto the countertop . the bjorn bib pocket keep get catch under the countertop and then it would yank my son 's neck . he really hate wear this bib . the babybjorn bib be super easy to wash in the sink . it be easy to dry with a towel so you do not need a bib dry rack with this bib . the bibbity bib be much better than the babybjorn bib . it be softer and feel like rubber . it be awkward to put on at first and my son be mad . however , he get use to it . i be able to get the neck hole small enough to keep most of the oatmeal out without hurt my son 's neck . the pocket stay open pretty well . the pocket do work better than the bumkins superbib pocket . the bibbity bib be about 1 inch shorter than the bjorn bib and be 2.5 inch shorter than the bumkins superbib . so , some food still end up on the child 's lap . the bibbity bib be very easy to wash in the sink and dry with a towel . i think the bibbity bib work a little better than the bumkins superbib overall because the pocket catch more . however , my 3 year old daughter refuse to wear the bibbity bib , and say it hurt she neck . she love to wear she bumkins superbibs . update : now my son be 13 month old and refuse to wear the bibbity bib at all . it be too heavy and uncomfortable . unfortunately , all 3 of these bib leave way too much food spill on my 8 month old 's clothes . if you have a baby who eat mushy baby food and grab the spoon , a regular bib just do not give adequate protection . so , i buy the bumkins sleeve bib . it be great ! it cover everything , even he lap ! he could feed himself oatmeal and he clothes be very clean afterward ! the sleeved bib be very easy to clean too . i just wash it off in the kitchen sink and hang it on my bib dry rack -lrb- which sit next to my kitchen sink -rrb- . the sleeved bib go from drip wet to completely dry in 2 hour . since , the bib dry fast , i use the same sleeved bib at each meal . this way i only have to buy one . in conclusion , i recommend the bumkins sleeve bib for any baby who eat pureed food . when they start on finger food and become a little neater , the bumkins superbibs and the bibbity bib be good . the bibbity work a little better than the bumkins superbib but you child might think they be uncomfortable . i do not recommend the babybjorn bib . sorry , babybjorn . i love to wear my baby in you carrier : -rrb- update : my son be now 13 month old . he refuse to wear the bibbity bib at all . he also pull off he bumkins superbibs , throw they on the floor , and laugh . i put he in the bumkins sleeve bib for every meal . he do not mind wear it and he can not get it off . it also do the best job of keep he clean . i wash it in the sink after meal and hang it on the bib dry rack . it dry in about 2 hour . i use the same bib all the time . i put it in the laundry every few day . here be a link to the dry rack i be talk about  mommy genius dry rack -- dry or display just about anything -lrb- baby bibs , plastic or reusable food storage bags , kitchen dish towels , bathroom hand towels , washcloths , mugs , sports water bottles , herbs , mittens , children 's boots , lingerie , holiday orname ...
343	Baby	POS	5	my son and i love this - it do exactly what the product description say . it look pretty good and my 8-month old boy love to mouth and chew on this ... the actual teether bit and whatever bit of cord he manage to grab on to as well . so far it have be a huge help in get we through church , dine out and a number of flight with minimal fussing . we mostly use it with i wear it as a necklace , but it also make a fun ` batting ' toy if you dangle it in front of he or fasten it over he car seat handle -lrb- supervise of course -rrb- . i only give this 3 \* for be a ` fun toy ' and ` eductaional ' because it be not really a toy or design to be fun -lrb- ! -rrb- and i be not sure how educational you could say a teether be - these rating be not at all mean negatively - it be just that what we be be ask to rate be somewhat irrelevant to the product itself . definitely a great buy and i have say on many occasion how very glad i be to have it . not quite a ` must-have ' item but almost !
398	Baby	POS	5	toddler be all over the place so to try to keep a blanket on they be just way too hard -lrb- plus the fear of sid -rrb- so i buy this product and boy be it great !! yes its huge but you want it to be big ... its suppose to be cozy like a big blanket !! i buy the large for my then 12 month old and its perfect ... like i say , it be huge but you want it to be so they can be comfy in it . if they be cheaper , i would have buy 2 since she wear it every night .
108	Baby	POS	5	love this change pad and the summer infant naturally yours change table cover -lrb- sell on amazon -rrb- fit perfectly ! i highly recommend this cover to go with this pad ; i try other that be suggest and have to send they back b\/c they be too small -lrb- b\/c of the length create by the side at either end -- the summer infant cover be 37 in . long , so it work with the side -rrb- . the pad be great -- high quality and fit my antique dresser just as i have hope .
337	Baby	POS	4	as long as you handwash the bib after each use , this bib will last a long time ! they be cute and easy to clean . i also like how big they be - less mess miss the bib .
230	Baby	POS	5	i have read the other review and agree that the lid be a pain when up against a wall ; i have not experience a problem with the cushy seat . i have a toddler boy -lrb- tall and slender -rrb- who have be through another safety first 3-in-1 potty , a large potty insert seat , and the fisher price frog potty all before my mother purchase this one to try . my son love it ! the first 3-in-1 do not have enough of a lip for pee , the insert seat be not comfortable and have a hard shield , and the frog potty have such straight wall that the pee will spray out front\/back\/sides at any give time . we use this potty downstairs and my son have actually request another one for upstairs . until something just as comfortable and with a cup that prevent spray-out come along , the other issue be not enough to prevent this from be the best potty out there for a little boy .
569	Baby	POS	4	this be a great mobile , my only critique be that the song end too quickly . my son love it . almost 3 month old and he stare at it and fall asleep to the music .
327	Baby	POS	5	this jacket be great . . very well make - we love the hood , that it protect from sun , and the overall design be cute .
181	Baby	POS	4	i use these pad on top of a boppy cover for my change pad . it be super soft and wash easily , though it have get a bit pilly after so many wash . as my daughter have grow it be also just a bit small , i would have like it just a little longer . but the softness be my number one priori and this deliver . it also fold easily . much better quality than the cheap pad that come with the boppy cover .
383	Baby	POS	5	i love this pad ! i almost purchase one for twice as much $ at a local major baby department store . so glad i do not . this pad be just as thick as the other at half the price . this one also come four side , while the other be only raise on two of the four side . so final diagnosis ... equally padded for baby and more reassurance for parent . it be also rather long so i feel it will work throughout the entire diapering phase . this be the only change pad to purchase as far as i be concerned . you will not be disappoint . i have find that the carter 's super soft change pad cover fit perfectly even after be wash and drye -lrb- on low heat setting -rrb- .
470	Baby	POS	4	much-needed addition to the joovy caboose . holder for two water bottle or sippy cup plus a zip pocket and a open pocket -lrb- that can hold a container of snack food for my toddler -rrb- . very worthwhile purchase if you have this stroller .
778	Baby	POS	5	this product be very cute ! it will be a great to for my baby to play with when she get big enough but until then we can use the super cute socksit come with ! i really like that the sock have grip on the bottom ! great for baby learn to walk !
512	Baby	POS	5	my 4 month old love these bottle better then d evenflow one i be give he n you can actually see all d air its hold back so no colic for my baby
963	Baby	POS	5	i be not sure why review say they do not stick to the tray . i wet the bottom part and my toddler try so hard to pull it off but can not . they be great , perfect size : -rrb- buy they at target
968	Baby	POS	5	buy they for my granddaughter and they be very good quality . i buy these and another pair at the same time .
473	Baby	POS	5	i have this guppies bib for my son and i love it ! it be such a cute and colorful print that would be great for a boy or girl . the bib be lightweight and machine washable . i usually just wash it out in the sink after meal , hang it on my bib dry rack and it be ready to use again at the next meal . i do not like to have food-covered bib sit in the laundry basket get moldy . at about 12 month , my son start to pull the bib off and throw it on the floor . i start use a big diaper pin -lrb- a safety pin -rrb- to pin the bib close so he could not pull it up . after all , a food cover bib that be throw across the room make more of a mess than no bib at all . no , my son 's clothes do not stay perfectly clean . but i rarely have to remove all of he clothes after the meal . the bumkins sleeved bib do a better job at protect clothes than this bib and i use the sleeved bib a lot too . but this bib be good enough for most meal . here be a link to the dry rack that work great with the rinse-off bib .  mommy genius dry rack -- dry or display just about anything -lrb- baby bibs , plastic or reusable food storage bags , kitchen dish towels , bathroom hand towels , washcloths , mugs , sports water bottles , herbs , mittens , children 's boots , lingerie , holiday orname ...
771	Baby	POS	5	i love these sleep bag !!! i do not have to worry about my baby get tangled in a blanket and she can still stand up in the crib when she wake up . i wish i have these with my other kid . these be a dream come true !
734	Baby	POS	5	i love love love these bib ! they be so hard to find . i have only find 3-pack of they at kohl 's . i buy this 2-piece set only for the bib but figure i could use the burpcloth sometime . these bib have this extra dry-weave layer on top -lrb- strange analogy , but kind of like a pantiliner -rrb- so it pull the spit-up down into the next layer . but it be not embed down in there . it wash up perfectly !!! definitely the best bib for the first 6 month when you baby be spit up when you burp they . my favorite bib !
775	Baby	POS	4	well be nice touch , be very colorful and have a soft texture that be essential for all child , be high quality product .
941	Baby	POS	5	this thing be great . my son have since outgrow this , but i never review the product . the bumpy texture be great for he . he would chew on this and move it around to wherever he gum would be bother he . it be a little girly for i , but that do not stop he from use this every time he need to .
534	Baby	POS	5	this sleep sack be so amazing . my baby love it and it keep she warm and cozy , even in new hampshire winter time ! i have never review anything before , but this be such a great item that i just have to share ! definitely worth the extra money !
46	Baby	POS	4	love these blanket ! i have have these for each of my 3 kid , and they be a great size for swaddle . they be also perfect for my november and february baby , because the flannel be pretty warm . i have purchase ton of receive blanket that end up be burp cloth , because they be so tiny . the only receive blanket i like more be the aden and anais\/bambino land muslin blanket . they be more stretchy , they be huge , they make great nursing cover , and it be quicker to get baby swaddle .
862	Baby	POS	5	we use prefold with a snappie with this cover . we like the design . it be pretty gender neutral . the only difference i have notice between this cover and a thirsty duo wrap be that it do not have snap that let you adjust it even more . but , that have not really be a issue as we son fit in this pretty well . the velcro have hold up pretty good so far . just remember to use the laundry tab whe you wash they with other diaper . we find that hand wash work too and be a little faster when you be low on cover but still do not have a full load to wash diaper . overall , this cover be great !
595	Baby	POS	5	this be a huge help while my daughter be teethe . put it in the freezer for a half hour make all the difference . now she use it for she doll .
411	Baby	POS	5	we use avent bottle year ago and they leak , they do not have this ring as part of the design . when we have we second child , we try avent bottle again and thankfully , they no longer leak . until you lose one of these precious ring . i look for these in the store and could not find they . fortunately here on amazon they be a great price and do just what they should . they arrive quickly and now we do not have any more leaky bottle .
219	Baby	POS	4	i find this to be easy to use and easy to clean . use different brand of cloth diaper , i have always be able to have this product cover the entire diaper . baby do not seem to mind the feel of it , and the color be light enough that it do not show through outfit . definitely go to purchase some in the next size up .
399	Baby	POS	5	my 14 month old just discover the joy of open all of we kitchen cabinet , so off i go on the quest to find the perfect cabinet lock . my search end with these . they be incredibly easy to install , totally discreet , and they magnetic key be really cool -lrb- remember , the key be sell separately from this set -rrb- . i just come here to purchase another set .
568	Baby	POS	5	i have two of these diaper for my baby . they work great , and the pattern be so cute ! i especially like the koi pond . we do not really need a second swim diaper , but i see the pattern and have to have it ! now summer be come up so i guess i can justify my fashion choice .
273	Baby	POS	5	excelente manta abrigan mucho a tu bebe y son super suave ademas que el envio a miamus florida fue super rapido y luego el envio a venezuelum igual de rapido de verdad los recomiendo . saludos cordiales desde caracas , venezuela .
887	Baby	POS	5	this be awesome book . you can track activity of you baby in detail . i recommend it to every mother . the delivery be fast .
985	Baby	POS	5	these necklace be stylish and practical . i have receive so many compliment on mine . besides be a great teether for my little one , he like to handle it while nursing . it also keep he from pull my hair when he be in we ergo carrier . these be great to have on-hand when we go out to eat . i can securely attach it to my son 's high chair so it do not fall on the fall and he will spend several minute gnawing on the bead . i write a little about we experience at `` how to feed a henry '' : -lrb- ... -rrb-
705	Baby	POS	5	these be go to go great with my daughter pink & lime ladybug tutu outfit for she first birthday ! i also purchase a pair of pink converse . the shipping be fast !
810	Baby	POS	5	i be a bit addict to leg warmer for my kid , and be always look for cute new pattern . these be adorable ! the blue be very dark , and go well with black or blue clothes ; i love find baby item that be not pastel ! i buy these for my son when he be 2 month old , and he still wear they now at 5 month . i look forward to get more use out of they as the weather cool off more !
149	Baby	POS	4	we purchase 2 newborn-size halo swaddle sleepsack . one be solid blue fleece and this be the other . i love the dog print material ! the sleepsack be great until my son grow out of it ! and while , i understand that grow be natural , the other solid blue nb-size fleece sleepsack still fit for a little while longer . my only wish be that the size be consistent . otherwise , it be a great product and my newborn never sleep without it !
37	Baby	POS	5	i be hesitant about purchase this pump after read a number of negative review . i absolutely love avent 's bottle though , they have be a godsend with my colicky baby , so i figure if they bottle be so wonderfully make , why would not they pump be great as well ? i decide to give it a try and love it . it be so comfortable . do not even hurt one tiny bit . i get way more milk out of it then i ever have with the medela manual pump , as well as the medela single electric pump . just to clarify as well , with all the negative review with the avent pump be leaky - of course it will leak if you do not put it together properly . take the time , read the direction , and you should have no problem . it leak from the petal insert the first time i use it , because i do not seal the insert to the base all the way around -lrb- you just simply pinch it together with you hand -rrb- . after realize this , it never leak on i again . i can not breastfeed my son , so i pump for every feeding , and i always use this pump . i have wash it many a time , and it be be so durable . plus , it be incredibly easy to clean , you can get into all of the crevice . unlike the medela pump that have tiny tubing , which i be not even sure how they expect you to clean in there ? one last thing , i have read many comment about it be loud and squeaky - just make sure the pump handle and what it attach to be completely dry . dry = no squeak .
280	Baby	POS	5	the fabric in the middle of the blanket be very plush and soft , the lining fabric be just a typical cotton fabric . the blanket it pretty heavy but great to throw over they on chilly day .
581	Baby	POS	5	this be a great sleepsack for warmer weather . i purchase this for the end of summer\/beginning of fall and it be just the right thickness for the season .
193	Baby	POS	5	my 15-month-old do not like bib , this be light weight and like clothes so he be glad to wear it . the front pouch catch food and easy to clean . the sleeve have tight elastic to prevent he clothes from get wet -lrb- it be a little too tight that it leave red mark on he wrist but i think that be why it work . -rrb- overall i love it and highly recommend it for baby who do not like to wear bib .
756	Baby	POS	5	i purchase this for we daughter after notice she be averse to product create specifically for teethe but love she pacifier . since this little raspberry teether resemble a pacifier and have interesting color , she be receptive to it . however , in the begin it take she a while to accept this for teethe because of the texture . once she start gnawing on it and hear that squeaky rubbery sound , she be set .
519	Baby	POS	5	i use it at home and outside . it be somewhat flexible , so i can roll up and stuff it inside my baby 's lunch box . it catch most solid and liquid -lrb- soup -rrb- . but , i have to take it off when my baby want to drink water or milk so that he can place he arm comfortably .
347	Baby	POS	5	seriously think these squeeky giraffe be lace with crack . kid just love they ! i buy a larger pack at a much cheaper price on amazon to give as baby shower gift . they be always a hit ! the giraffe have a nice vanilla send to they , and be super soft and easily washable . just be sure to plug up the hole on the stomach to avoid get water inside . that be a pain to get all out .
976	Baby	POS	5	this be a good quality product and the design be soooooo super cute ! i be go to order another pack because i love they so much !
62	Baby	POS	5	i purchase a dr. seuss outfit for baby first birthday as he party theme . be dr. seuss . he weigh 25 lb so i take 24 month . he have a little bit room . he look adorable . i purchase on amazon . very pleased .
358	Baby	POS	5	this swaddling sleepsack be the best . the velcro on it be super strong . i highly recommend this to those that be plan to swaddle or have not have luck with other swaddle product . i love that halo make a fleece one and a cotton one .
126	Baby	POS	5	i really love this item . it only take up a small part of my freezer and it hold a lot . it state it hold 20 bag of milk , but i have 16 in there right now and it be not even half full . it provide compact storage and it be ready to use right out of the box . how could it get any easier ???
542	Baby	POS	5	this item ship a little slow but be exactly what i want ! the shelf be nice and roomy for storage . the wood be in great condition and i like the wheel . very good look at a great price . if you be look for something moderate then this change table will be perfect !
930	Baby	POS	5	of all of the scratch mitten i have bought\/considered buying , these be the softest ! and it be a nice thing that they be organic as well ! i have no idea why previous reviewer think these be up to one year . they be perfect for a newborn . i now want everything this company make .
191	Baby	POS	4	overall , we be quite happy with these bib . we have three of they , and use they daily . they be very waterproof , and the long sleeve be great for keep clothes clean . additionally , they have cute\/fun pattern that we enjoy . however , i do have a couple of complaint : 1 -rrb- durability - some of the bib be hold up better than other , but in general they be start to fall apart on the stitching in some place on the edge , especially on the back where the tie be . 2 -rrb- size - we daughter be in the 95 % for height\/weight . yet , these bib have a bit over-sized neck hole , make it difficult to tie the bib around the neck tight enough to keep food from get on the neck of she shirt . in order to tighten they with a sufficiently small opening for the neck , we end up pull the material itself into the knot in the back , rather than ust the tie string themselves . this obviously contribute to the degradation of the stitch around the tie .
773	Baby	POS	4	other comment that manufacturer recommend against put anything between the baby seat and the car seat . for we , this seat saver do not increase the movement of the baby seat in the least . after three year of use this , the car seat be still unblemished and the seat saver have hold up very well .
729	Baby	POS	5	my twin daughter be almost 6 month old and these be the most comfortable headband i have find for they ! the band be super stretchy and really wide , so there be not any red mark on they poor little head from those small band that be super tight . i would definitely buy more like these headband !
501	Baby	POS	5	this be a must have ! first of all , it stay on for about 20 minute at a time and if any parent want they child to learn to go to bed on they own with out you rock they to sleep every night , this be the key . i put he in the crib and although he fuss for a few minute the movement and music slowly lull he to sleep . second of all if 20 minute do not do it , you can use the remote control to start it back up so you baby do not hear you come back into the room . it be great and now he go to sleep on he own at night without it be a big ordeal . also , if we turn it on in the morning , right before he really wake up , he will stay in the crib fuss free for a extra 20 minute so i can get ready . it be great , you will love it !
63	Baby	POS	5	we purchase a medium for we two month old , sure it be big , but he can grow into it ! it be just perfect ! soft , wash well !
698	Baby	POS	4	i buy these and the black and green skull leg warmer for my then 1 year old little boy , they fit he perfectly then and still fit he great now ! the color be just as picture and go great with all he solid color cloth diaper , or even color onesies : d after 6 month + of own they , wear they about twice a week -lrb- all day long -rrb- they have hold up great to he wear and tear and in the washer and dryer . i only give these 4 star because i wish they come just a tad bit longer , like maybe 14 '' instead of 12 '' , so they would come high up on he thigh just a little longer . but all in all they be just as good as the expensive brand and i be happy with they . i have since order two more pair in the giraffe and cow print ! so cute !!!
78	Baby	POS	5	we have not purchase this item , but we be borrow one from some friend . from the first time we put he in it , he love it . he get a huge grin on he face and will jump in it for about 15-20 minute nonstop before he start to get tired . i have nothing bad to say about it . the harness seem very safe and secure . i highly recommend this product .
200	Baby	POS	5	keep all of you little one new clothes clean when they start eat food . wash well . no shrinkage or fading
683	Baby	POS	5	i buy this for my 4 month old and she love the peek-a-boo action and the music . whenever she be cranky , i lay she in the crib and switch this on and then she be all happy . great product for new mom out there .
434	Baby	POS	5	this little onsie be so cute ! the color & quality be great . my baby boy be very stylish & this be a great find for a great price . it arrive in good time as well , i believe a few day earlier than expect . i would def recommend this product & seller ... but i be probably gonna keep it a secret !
755	Baby	POS	5	love this product . pure genius ! and people point and stare at we little girl chill in she seat through the airport everytime . so many people comment on this . we have a britex marathon and we 2 year old love she carseat , so we definatly take it fly because it keep she happy be in she comfy space on the plane . but lug it around would be a nightmare . these strap be super easy to attach and a dream come true . i can check the stroller and do not have to worry . we can even attach she to the bag while she be asleep in she seat at the end of a flight . its that easy , and the harness thing can fit in you pocket . -lrb- we store it in the small pocket of the bag we attach she to so we always know where it be when we get ready for a trip -rrb- we have only take it attach down a alaska air plane isle , american we have to take it off and carry she in the seat , because it be two narrow , but that be she carseat problem obviously . its simple , its easy , and its strong enough even for a britax . the only thing i personally would recommend , be 5 ' 8 with a hubby who be 5 ' 10 , be get a sturdy carry on size bag with a longer handle than most . the extra weight of more than the bag , have to bend a little to accomodate a short handle , be a little tax on the body , but that a easy remody . also a bag with good wheel not a cheapy one you have to fight with without the carseat on it .
800	Baby	POS	4	let i preface this with say i have 5 kid and nurse every single one of they . i have go through the old style evenflo pump , lansinoh , medela harmony , philips avent , and hospital-grade electric dual medelum pump . of they all , the hospital grade medela work the best , obviously . but of the remain , i be really surprised that this evenflo simplygo pump be the best runner up of the group . i have to be induce for emergency reason at 38 week . the baby be fine , but i have issue . she go home before i do , and i need to pump to keep up my supply . when i get home after have surgery i have to pump and dump due to the medication i be on . i run to target and pick up this evenflo because it be pretty inexpensive and i figure i would primarily nurse so i do not need a pump for heavy usage . baby be now 6.5 month old and this pump work just as well as the day i buy it ! all the other pump -lrb- aside from the hospital-grade medelum -rrb- mysteriously lose suction even after purchase replacement part - long before i hit 6 month with my other kid . at first i be use it very frequently , but not so much anymore . it be a invaluable tool for the infrequent pumper . i can not say how it would hold up if you need it daily , but i think it would be okay . like - not too many part -lrb- compare to other pump -rrb- - pump well - do not leak - have never lose suction \* - milk do not get trap up in the pump - inexpensive \* once after wash i find it do not have good suction . if you remove the pump horn from the bottle and press the little blue flap against the plastic flange piece it be attach to -lrb- so no air can get through -rrb- , screw the bottle back on , pop you boob in the horn , and start to pump , the suction will return because you have create a vacuum effect . dislike - this thing be loud . there be no quietly pump with this pump - kind of a awkward design . without the foot attach to the bottom of the bottle , this pump fall over . great little pump for the price ... just do not plan on use it in church .
566	Baby	POS	5	love this swim diaper . we use cloth diaper normally , so do not want to use disposable swim diaper . we daughter go to swim class at the y so be swim all year round . in the previous size , i buy the only reusable swim diaper available locally but it pull on and off like underwear . it contain the accident fine , but my husband really do not like try to change she after , which could get messy . so , i order this one because it velcro like a diaper to make change messy diaper easier . she have not actually stool in this diaper since we get it , so i can not be certain how well it would work for it be intended purpose . however , it do fit well and seem comfortable for she . it be also very cute . it do not hold urine , but no swim diaper -lrb- even the disposable -rrb- do .
697	Baby	POS	5	ocean sound be my new go to favorite . i purchase this sleep sheep in desperation today after my son wake himself up from a nap and be a mess for the baby sitter all afternoon . clearly , he do not get enough sleep . i try this out skeptically -lrb- take the sound box out of the sheep and set it beside my 9 month old ... leave the sheep in the box so i could return it if it do not work -rrb- and do not expect to be impressed . i use it for the first time tonight while put my son to bed , and he have be much less restless than he usually be , only wake completely once ! the sound put he into a deeper sleep . that make it worth the $ $ to i ! - the sheep be very soft . my son be stroke it be wool as he fall asleep - i love how the sound box come out . very handy ! i have no trouble put it back in , and have take it out\/put it back in several time tonight . - i listen to the heartbeat sound in a larger version in the toy store . it do not do anything for i and do not sound like a heart beat . i do not miss it . as i say , ocean wave be my preferred choice . i be lay down with my son with this go , and it just about lull i out ! sound choice be very personal , so not everyone will like each sound . the rain fall sound be pretty generic white noise , in my opinion . i like the ocean sound because it be lower pitched and more of a rolling sound , like a big ol' barrel wave come in on the beach at night , with cricket in the background . i agree that the whale sound be odd , but maybe it would be relax to some ? the trickle water sound be relax but sort of make i have to go to the bathroom ... but anyway ... you 'll find one sound that work for you best and stay with it . i do not need option , i just need one that work ! - i wish continuous play be a option , but it do not wake my son up when the sound go off , and it be easy to push the button again . this be not a deal breaker for i . - the travel size one be perfect . i like that it be smaller - the sound be perfect . not too loud not too soft . i actually prefer not to have it up all the way , because the wave can get a little loud . they start soft and get louder at the end . great product ! i do not usually do review , but this be definitely worth it ! it sure beat stand next to my baby , say shhhhhhhhhhh like a idiot for hour on end : -rrb- that alone be worth $ to i .
517	Baby	POS	5	the halo sleepsack swaddle be the best baby item out there for new parent ! i get one for each of my expect friend and i know i would not be able to sleep well without keep we little one in a sleepsack . the swaddle part of the halo version come off for when you do not need it anymore . also , we have try the swaddleme and the other swaddle out there and the quality just be not good . halo make the best one ! you will love this !
634	Baby	POS	5	i recommend this sleepsack for winter month . it be warm , but not overly so . my son have be use these to sleep since we stop swaddle he at 4 month old . it be a good bedtime trigger and he never kick off he blanket and get cold .
689	Baby	POS	5	we be move from the rainforest bassinet -lrb- with mobile -rrb- to a big crib . i really want to move to this mobile because it have the same `` character '' to it . it be a bit quiet and on the bassinet mobile , i be able to start louder to get she attention and drown out other sound , then turn down the sound once she be focus in and ready to be soothe -- this be very effective and i do not have that choice with this mobile . another thing the bassinet have be a flash light feature that help to draw she in and become ready to be soothe - also absent on this mobile . the music on this mobile be better quality than on the bassinet mobile . this mobile be a very nice one and i be please with it , although i would like it even better if the feature from the bassinet mobile be incorporate into it .
375	Baby	POS	4	this product be neat and you jr fireman will love it . snap be durable , although might be tough for little hand to operate . jacket and liner appear to be durable as well . this gift be a hit with we three-year old . would recommend to other .
761	Baby	POS	5	this product be outstanding ! we use it to take we 2 year old and he car seat across the country and it work like a charm . it even allow we to take we son off a airplane and through a airport sound asleep ! he enjoy he `` stroller '' and would ask to ride in it as soon as it be hook up . it be a breeze to hook together and be a easy matter to take apart and reattach for security check . it be important to note that it only work with a latch system car seat . ours be a older britax roundabout and it work perfectly . we be ask several time by airport personnel , other mother and random people where we get the product . over six year and several trip with we child , we have try a car seat bag -lrb- the strap break -rrb- and a back-pack strap thing -lrb- then we still have to carry we child or a stroller -rrb- and both be outrageously expensive and very disappointing . this inexpensive product be a true find and i intend to tell every parent i know travel with a car seat all about it !
59	Baby	POS	5	just want to say that these sleepsack be not oversized . after read so many review about they be huge i almost buy the 12-18 month size for my 20 month-old . i be really glad i do not . it fit she perfectly -lrb- she be 32 inch tall\/29 lb -rrb- .
665	Baby	POS	5	the pompon actually help the scarf fit and stick around the neck while be extra cute ! and it be super soft . my one-year old love it , too .
334	Baby	POS	4	we have use the sleep sheep since we son be 8 week old and be convince it help he fall asleep on he own . since we be go on vacation i think it would be a good idea to buy the travel version as to minimize he routine , but it turn out the travel version do not have the same sound ! we favorite be the whale sound , which be much higher pitched and truthfully very uncomfortable to listen to . 5 star for cloud b though , they return my email right away and within a week send i a new , original sound machine to replace the one in the travel sheep . thank you amazon as always for you fast shipping . as a new mom i do not know what i would have do without my amazon mom account !
536	Baby	POS	4	i purchase this as a gift . it be a little pricey compare to other onesy , but it be very unique and fun , which suit the mom-to-be .
465	Baby	POS	5	i use to have the most difficult time swaddle my son until a friend recommend this product . it make swaddle he super easy . i also love that i do not need to completely unswaddle he to change he diaper at night - help i put he back to sleep all that more easily !
544	Baby	POS	5	i get this mobile as a christmas present for my grandaughter who love to be carry . she love the music & watch the leaf move & most importantly it allow mom & dad to have a break to do chore without she cry to be pick up . i also love that when she outgrow the mobile it turn into a night light .
765	Baby	POS	4	this be softer than some other wool soaker cover , and seem very well make . i use it on my daughter at night right from the beginning , with a snappus would prefold underneath , even though the leg opening gap . sometimes the diaper would feel damp in the morning , but there be no leakage on she pajamas or sheet , and then over the day , with a airing-out , the diaper would dry and not hold any odor . i have spot clean it a couple of time when poop leak out the prefold , because you do have to hand-wash -lrb- and periodically lanolin treat -rrb- the diaper , and because it be thick it take a long time to air dry , but that be just standard care for wool . the kissa 's be more expensive than some other similar style i see online , but i like that it say it would fit a wider weight range than some other , so i figure we could use it longer . so far -lrb- daughter be 14 week -rrb- it be still go strong -- not at all tight around the leg -- so i think we 'll be able to use it for a while longer , and i think it will hold up over time .
677	Baby	POS	5	these be the first bib i have be able to keep on my 11 month old grandson . he rip the velcro one off before i can serve he he meal . he would toss they onto the floor but with these he be very willing to keep they on without complaint . he have not take they off once . i think it be because after several washing the one with velcro scratch he neck . love these .
50	Baby	POS	5	such a sweet , cute , little package with a whole set of sleep wear for a baby girl . great price and service !
79	Baby	POS	5	we get the sleep sheep as a shower gift and have use it almost every day for 8 month . after all of this use we have only change the battery once . i love it so much that now that i be buy one for a friend .
860	Baby	POS	5	grovia be my favorite diaper for when i be on the road . not the most absorbent and leak-proof , but very convenient . they be slim fitting so it be easy to fit clothing over they and baby have good freedom of movement . also , the snap-in system make they very easy to change . i buy both the organic soaker and the stay dry soaker . the organic one be a double layer of thick cotton\/hemp blend cloth . the stay dry be one layer of the cotton\/hemp blend and a top layer of soft material that feel like the inside of a sweatshirt . the stay dry be a little less absorbent than the organic , but they be also softer on baby 's butt and dry much faster . i prefer they because i be typically use they during the day when i change the baby frequently , so i do not need as much absorbency .
369	Baby	POS	5	we use this bib for we 9 month old . it do a great job keep she clothes clean and catch all of the finger food that she drop ! we have two of these bib and have no complaint .
715	Baby	POS	5	great burp cloth ; one side be terry , while the other side have a print . the set come with dot , stripe , and a-b-c . good size and thick , but not too thick .
303	Baby	POS	4	i love this sleep sack . i like how large the size be -- great for older baby . the only thing that keep i from give it a 5 star rating be the zipper . i have 2 and both zipper be not the best quality . with that be say , i would still buy another and recommend the product to someone .
102	Baby	POS	5	this toy be so cute ! my grandaughter be maybe too young to really appreciate it yet -lrb- 4 month -rrb- but i hope she 'll love it eventually . there be several other , and they be all really adorable .
856	Baby	POS	5	arrive on time , and fit my 10 month old perfectly ! they be so cute on she too ! i recommend these to all of my friend and family !
441	Baby	POS	5	we dd start have reflux on she second week and the one thing that seem to sooth she be a plain vacuum cleaner or a hair dryer , but we end up all annoyed !! ... we day care provider tell we about the sleep sheep and we actually have receive it as a gift but have not really use it on those ocassion where we dd be unconsolable due to the reflux ... this thing work !!! it make she so calm and every time she look sleepy we just start some ocean wave sound and we feel sleepy with she too !! ... also , this one be the small one and it be so practical to take in the car , the stroller , the swing , the crib ... anywhere ... so we have one for day care and one for home ... at first i do not think it would work but it do , and wonderfully ...
834	Baby	POS	5	my baby love it . i could not find a single item he like to chew on besides he hand . i be get frustrated . i be so glad i buy this . he love it . he chew on the berry part and the handle . it be perfect size for he to hold . my baby love the pacifier and after i receive this item in the mail i think he might confuse they , but he do not . i be so glad i purchase this item .
916	Baby	POS	5	i absolutely love this dress table . although i would have prefer something with drawer -lrb- which i would get when my baby be older -rrb- , this come in handy and do a good job of keep mommy organize . the change pad be thin , but it do not bother i or the baby . of all the baby item i plan to give away , this be one that i would be keep .
371	Baby	POS	4	the outfit be very adorable it fit perfect the only thing i do like be it do come with match pants
673	Baby	POS	5	i have see and use many tub toy holder over the year as a nanny , prior to become a mother . i know come into this mommy-gig that i would be hard press to find a holder i would like . most use suction of some kind and the suction , i have find , hardly ever stay put . i suppose folk like have the toy up and off to the side somewhere to save space , but if the tub you be use this in be primarily the kid ' , then that be not much of a concern . even if someone want to take shower , just move the basket to the other end . i like that thing have more space to air out and it act a little bit as a block device to keep baby hand from the shampoo and bubble bath . it be as sturdy as any of its counterpart , but i would not suggest a baby hold him\/herself up with it . overall , would buy again and recommend .
603	Baby	POS	5	my 2 year old just love it ! it be the right size and even wash good . i will tell i friend about this shirt !
169	Baby	POS	5	i buy two of these sleep sac for my son because the doctor at the hospital recommend they . i love they . not only do they keep he warm , they be very soft too ; i can change he diaper by just open up the zipper . the nicest aspect be my lack of worry about he sleep in he crib with a blanket and suffocating , because there be no need for a blanket !
621	Baby	POS	5	i love this finger protector . my 10 month old love to open and close door . this gadget be easy to use . i love that it slip on and off the door handle for easy storage . also great for travel as they be small and light !!!
717	Baby	POS	5	we receive the snuggle pod sweet pea as a gift , choose thoughtfully for my 16mo daughter b\/c we call she `` ellie pea . '' she adore she sweet pea , which she call `` seepee . '' when she go to bed , we put sweet pea in she pod , and my baby grin every time we say , `` shhh , she be sleep ! '' sweet pea be soft and huggable , with some interesting texture -lrb- ribbon hair , ruffle around the neck , embroidered button -rrb- and a cute face . she be just the right size for tiny hand to carry she around . she arm can be stuff inside the pod , or stick out in different way , which be fun . ellie can not put she in the pod by herself yet , but she can easily pull she out . sweet pea be definitely a keeper !
641	Baby	POS	4	we have have this potty chair for the past 6 month for we now 2 yo son . we have not have any problem with it and i be not sure i understand some of the other complaint . we son be big for he age -lrb- over 30 lb and over 3 foot tall -rrb- and we have no problem with the size of the potty . i mean , the opening do not need to be huge . he regularly use it and we have find : the shield be effective , it be easy to clean as long as you clean it right away . no problem with smell or mess when cleaning . he end up sit on it for long period of time reading and think about pee , so the cushy seat be nice . we have also use it as a step stool and transfer the seat to the big potty -- nice feature when need . now , he position himself so that the shield fit right . we have also find that the potty have to be a bit away from the wall so that the top do not interfere with where he sit . we also have some simple one piece potty seat for other place in the house or travel , but this be a nice one to keep in he bathroom for those long potty session before take a bath . the true test be that he think of this one as he potty and never hesitate to sit and use it !
287	Baby	POS	4	great bib . keep my baby 's clothes clean at mealtime . the biggest negative be that it be hard to clean the crumb out of the pocket .
530	Baby	POS	5	these be amazing ! they stay on every second of the day ! i have be wash they every day so we can use they !
368	Baby	POS	5	got this to go with we baby cache lifetime crib and dresser , also in white - look great with it ! fit we summer infant change pad just fine . it do have the graco logo on one side , but it be not super obnoxious . my dad assemble it , so i can not comment on that aspect specifically , but he seem to put it together quickly and do not make any complaint ! also , no trouble with amazon in term of shipping , etc. . very happy with this purchase !
977	Baby	POS	5	this swimsuit\/diaper be really nice . it be so thin , and fit well . i buy a medium for my son , who weigh 18 lb , and it fit great . i also buy a small for a friend who be have a baby , and it look perfect for a 7-12 lb baby . it be very cute , and seem very well-made . you do not need a separate diaper insert , or cover , or anything - it be all one piece .
997	Baby	POS	4	it have help my son sleep better thru the night and the sound be very soothing .
558	Baby	POS	4	as a new mommy who have be unable to breastfeed , bottle be essential in my life . i have be sterilize everything by boil it on the stove , but it be a pain in the behind to do all the time . i also have the playtex drop-in system and be curious about try the more traditional bottle that do not require i to have insert on hand . include in the set : 1 .  philip avent express ii microwave steam sterilizer  it be easy to use and sterilize everything quickly . i do not have to deal with a pot of boiling water and wait for it to boil . two minute in the microwave and it be do . it fit everything i need -lrb- check out the instruction for how to arrange lot of stuff in a certain order -rrb- . 2 .  philip avent 4 ounce bpa free bottles , 3 pack  the bottle will hold 125 ml , which be just over 4 ounce . i use these with my baby and he do really well with they . he do not get lot of air and they be easy for he to latch on to . i pace bottle feed , so he sit up and i hold the bottle parallel to the floor , and these be not perfect for it since i have to lean he back or the bottle up to keep from too much air get in he mouth . i prefer the playtex drop-ins for paced bottle feeding . i have not have any leak with they . 3 .  philip avent bpa free bottle , 9 ounce , dual pack  they have the stage 2 nipple , so they flow faster for a older baby . 4 .  philip avent bpa free translucent pacifier , 0-3 month , clear  my baby like these , but actually prefer nuk . i really like these because they come with a cover , so when not in use they can easily be toss in the diaper bag or anywhere and not get dirty . also , they do not sit directly on baby 's face , so he do not get the pacifier mark around he mouth . 5 .  philip avent bpa-free bottle brush  6 .  philip avent non spill soft spouts , 6 month  it fit directly onto the bottle , so the bottle can be use longer when baby be older . 7 .  two avent magic cup trainer handle -lrb- color may vary -rrb-  8 .  philip avent formula bpa-free dispenser\/snack cup  the dispenser be actually a insert with 3 compartment . the insert can be remove and use as a snack cup when baby be older . i do find that it be difficult to get all the powder out of the compartment because of the way the the opening be offset from the edge of the compartment . it usually take a little shake and shift to get most all of it out . add up the cost of this set be a great deal . for anyone who be plan on use bottle to feed -lrb- either with formulum or breast milk -rrb- , this be a excellent set . it be perfect for a shower gift for the new mommy .
919	Baby	POS	5	li'l peanut be a huge hit at my sister 's baby shower this weekend ! my sister -lrb- 1st time mommy-to-be -rrb- tell we she be have a baby and show we the ultra sound , she say it be the size of a peanut , so that be what i start call it , then we find out she be a girl i still call she peanut . so when my sister unwrap my small gift for emily -lrb- peanut -rrb- , she eye tear up , then state to laugh and just we two share a moment at the baby shower ; just we & peanut . this seem to be a very safe toy , no button to come off , nothing hard to hurt herself on , no move part to pinch a finger and as baby do , put everything in they mouth , there will be no fuzz or lint to dig out of emily 's mouth . when she get older she can learn put she baby `` in '' & `` out '' . the picture do it no justice . this be the sweetest little thing i have see in a while . my 12 yr . old say she want one too ! this be just perfect !
33	Baby	POS	4	i like these alot , they be a bit smaller than i expect for some reason . mmy son like they and i feel they be a developmental toy staple for he age group . they be bright and he always grab they when play . i prefer wood or cloth toy to plastic so i love that these be soft and crinkle and have tag .
413	Baby	POS	5	they match my nojo butterfly ensemble that be my nursery theme . super absorbent . modern and chic baby look . i love polka dot for girl so this be too cute . they look expensive but be a great price .
622	Baby	POS	5	this little rack be big on smart idea . 1 . it store flat . when not in use , just take the dry spike off the disc , take the top disc off the center pole , remove the center pole and store on underside of base , put spike in the drain catch basin , and voila ! 2 . can put dry spike wherever you want they . 3 . the top and bottom dry disc spin independantly about the center pole .
940	Baby	POS	5	1 . they be long which be helpful 2 . they be bright color which be fun and get baby 's attention 3 . they be all plastic , so they be safe for baby to use on they own -lrb- no metal like other spoon -rrb- love they !
266	Baby	POS	5	the travel toddler be a clever t shaped strap that connect the latch hook on you car seat around a carry on wheel case . for we test we use a brittax marathon car seat on the airplane itself and have connect flight . hook and un-hook for security screen and place the car seat on the plane be fine . we do not use we infant in the seat connect to the carry-on bag , however the carry-on be stable with the car seat attach move and at rest . move the car seat between connect flight be so much easier than use the car seat ` bag ' . i would not hesitate to buy this again , however depend on the plane age and seat configuration get the stroller down a long aisle be mix . sometimes exit row and first class seat would require i to adjust the angle of the car seat to go under or above the arm rest , in rare case i give up and just lift the carry on over one very narrow first class row . we have similar issue with the sit-n-stroller . the newer seat layout seem to trade seat width against aisle width
863	Baby	POS	5	perfect fit and look for my daughter who be half honduran . show up super fast and look just like the picture
185	Baby	POS	5	when i first register for this i do not realize how great it be ! this be a must have if you be breast feeding . it be so much cooler than i even know it be . when u pump into the storage bag and put it in the organizer it have a spring that squish the bag of milk flat and literally make it paper thin ! you can store a ton of milk in it and it be like a filing system because u can look through the top that u have write on . such a awesome gift . one of my favorite !
995	Baby	POS	5	i get these cute , adorable mitten for my little guy a few week ado and they be such a steal . we recieve they when we be suppose to , and i be worry a little worried that they may be too rough , however , be pleasantly surprise by how soft they be ! i get one of the simpler design , and will definitely get more : -rrb- thanks for the friendly service and great product !
124	Baby	POS	5	these be so cute and look adorable on my 4 month old little man ! my husband be not too keen on leg warmer at first , until he realize how manly they can be ! : -rrb-
797	Baby	POS	4	this be we favorite brand of bib . we have try a number of other brand and type of bib before , but these be the best . the bumkins superbib be make of a very lightweight waterproof material that be durable and easy to clean . the color and pattern be cute and cheerful . the size work well for my petite 3 year old -lrb- who be about the size of a average 2 year old -rrb- . the pocket often do not stay open wide enough though , so food sometimes fall down into my daughter lap and booster seat . turn it inside out usually help it stay open better . these be the best bib i have find .
986	Baby	POS	5	very nice product . bought multiple pair . velcro adjustment allow you to tailor the fit . reversible so you can see diff pattern . keep from scratch . prompt shipping . would recommend this product .
109	Baby	POS	5	this mitten be so soft and easy to put it on we new bear . we do the hand wash since it be small and can get lose while you be use the wash machine
725	Baby	POS	5	this costume be great . it fit my 3.5 month old very well . he seem very comfortable in it . the fabric be soft . the hat and shoe fit well .
440	Baby	POS	5	this be a real cute bib for a baby . my son-in-law be a pittsburg steelers fan and he think this bib be great . he baby wear this bib when the steler play .
520	Baby	POS	5	works well on tiny foot too !! i wish i would have know about these sooner , but really glad i try these . try they !
690	Baby	POS	5	the applique barnyard print be adorable and we be glad we purchase it . a few thing about the product : although micro-fleece be a breathable fabric , i still have to watch baby to make sure she do not get too warm in this . so long as you be conscientious , it can be a great item for winter night . one nice advantage about the micro-fleece be that when baby spit up after feed , the micro-fleece do not seem to allow she sleeper underneath to get damp -lrb- whereas the cotton sleep sack keep a wet spot longer and also get the sleeper she be wear damp too -rrb- . just a small thing , but it be worth mention . for more detail about the product and more view of the product picture , i check out the manufacturer 's website . that be very helpful .
112	Baby	POS	4	i love the pattern , and they be of good quality , but we son be in the 20th percentile for weight and the 75th for length , so he do not fall into the " most " category of " one size fit most " . however , for baby closer to the 50th percentile and above , these would be perfect .
996	Baby	POS	5	i buy this for my 3 year old daughter . she be do a dance routine , and the color and quality of the skirt be great !!
361	Baby	POS	4	i like these because my son just pull off the velcro one , but the head hole be really big , so the collar of he shirt can still get dirty easily .
660	Baby	POS	5	i be write from my husband 's account , but want to share how amazing this product be ! i love it and can not live without it . pump save i really , since after those first 3 day of have my baby my breast be kill i and i almost give up breastfeeding ! but i decide to give pump a shot , and it hurt a bit at first since my breast be so swollen and sensitive - but after a few try i get so use to this pump and even decide to buy a second one to maximize my pump time ! so i highly recommend , if you can afford purchase it , to buy the avent dual electric pump , since it cost less than buy two single electric pump ... and unfortunately i do not know how much i would like pump and have to buy two singles , one first and later the second . it be amazing to be able to give my baby breast milk without go through the pain of breastfeed every 2-3 hour -lrb- my baby be a barracuda ! -rrb- . so i alternate between pump and breastfeed , and also help with pump milk once you have to return to work as well as pump for the night - if you want someone else to feed the baby and you can sleep to recover ! also i would like to add that if you do buy this pump , buy all avent product since it make it so much easier to transfer from pump to bottle , to plastic avent recipient to any other avent product ! they be all amazing and i be search amazon now for any other avent product i do not have yet ...
716	Baby	POS	5	this be a must have for all infant . it keep they so warm and help they sleep . just wish they make they for adult too ! : -rrb-
223	Baby	POS	4	i like thirsty diaper cover because they be less bulky than other i have try and i have never have one leak or even get damp around the edge . the pattern on this one be pretty cute . they seem a little thicker than my previous thirsty cover , but still not too bulky . i would recommend they to anyone who like to use this style of cloth diaper . for my infant i use they with fleece kissaluv insert be they work very well . when she get older i will switch to the bamboozles we use for my son .
376	Baby	POS	4	this toy be a shameless opportunity for parent to post pic of they kid on the internet ! ; - -rrb- my sister call she kid sweet pea so i think this would be a appropriate toy for she .
505	Baby	POS	4	i have be use these since my 5 month old be bear and i can say that while they do not sanitize , they be a nice thing to have in the diaper bag when you be out and about to wipe off my baby 's toy , bottle nipple , and pacifier . i have even use they to wipe off my baby 's hand if those pesky stranger decide it be okay to touch my child 's hand and as far as i know they have keep she germ free , and she do not have a skin reaction -lrb- though it do not say to use on skin , so i be not recommend that , im just state that when i didnt have anything else , these work : -rrb-
639	Baby	POS	5	we have three of these and they have save we leather . they help keep the leather clean from spill since they have a lip around they and they have save we leather from any indentation . i would highly recommend they , they be worth the money .
326	Baby	POS	5	be great for my little nephew , he love they because be easy to grab and play with they . excellent quality and very cool i be glad i buy this gift to my nephew .
152	Baby	POS	5	i buy this bib because of the coverage size and the snap-to-close . my 19-month old pull the velcro and tie bib off and she have not figure this one out yet .
34	Baby	POS	5	warm and soft . easy to put on baby . my little one laugh at the zipper when we put it on he and take it off . roomy enough for he squirmy little leg and do not restrict he sit up when he wake .
804	Baby	POS	5	baby shower gift . love it . super cute ! ship on time ! would shop again if need too . would tell people excellent place !
719	Baby	POS	5	i really love the product , and my grandson , also love it ' i be very pleased , very convenient and very user-friendly , just what i expect , thanks
333	Baby	POS	5	perfect for twin . perfect for a single child . i use it for bottle and for all my pump supplies . we have one for my sister when she visit with the twin . both rack fit in a nice small space in a corner of countertop space . do not try to sterilize the rod that run through the top and bottom rack unless you have a pot large enough . hot metal and plastic do not mix . the rod will warp . great product .
226	Baby	POS	5	this carseat saver be great . it protect the car interior wonderfully . i would recommend this to anybody who use carseat .
871	Baby	POS	4	omg -- possibly the cutest thing i have buy for my little . he be a big boy , though , and , unfortunately , these pajamas purchase for he at about 8 month be quickly too small .
959	Baby	POS	5	my little one could not stand other bib ! we try the one that tie , the one that close with velcro , and the towel bib with t-shirt neck , all of which be rip off and throw on the ground during mealtime . i see this waterproof sleeved smock style bib and decide to go with it because i figure that since my kid do wear shirt , a bib that be more like a shirt would work better . this hunch pay off : my little one want to keep wear she bib after meal be do and she apparently think this be a fashion accessory because she love to look at herself in the mirror while she have it on ! outside of the cuteness and the fact that my kid actually keep it on , this great waterproof bib be velvety smooth on the inside to prevent chafing -lrb- unlike many other waterproof bib we have try . the tie in the back be well place , so that curious hand can not easily reach and undo it . it be also longer than other bib that just stop midway down the body , and the long sleeve be another great feature for keep kid from get messy at mealtime or even when play with messy thing like paint , marker , etc. . in short , i will be recommend this item to anyone who ask and the next time i go to a shower , this will be one of my first gift choice !
998	Baby	POS	5	this sleepsack work the best for my daughter . she wasnt confine like alot of the other sleepsack . give she more room but make she still feel secure . deffently recommend .
502	Baby	POS	4	i love this product , great size , and design , large enough to cover most of you shoulder , and also work as a bib for when you start solid . but i can get get 6 cloth diaper burp cloth for the price of this one . make a great shower gift !
331	Baby	POS	4	good product , in fact , i just order a second one for a second doorway to completely section off we family room for we 5 month old puppy -lrb- bichon frise\/maltese\/poodle mix -rrb- . the gate be very attractive -lrb- as far as gate go -rrb- so you really do not mind it be up aesthetically - in fact , it blend in very well with we brazilian cherry wood floor . it be very easy to use , appear to be pretty well make , and be secure -lrb- i use the pressure mount only -rrb- . best feature - it have a great stay open or auto shut feature that be very convenient for when we -lrb- 12 lb -rrb- puppy be out we otherwise contain -lrb- in he crate -rrb- and you do not want to either keep opening -lrb- or closing -rrb- the gate every time you walk through . sound like a old school screen door when it shut on its own -lrb- nice -rrb- ! easy delivery from amazon for we . i would recommend it as evidence by my repeat buy .
743	Baby	POS	5	this be a great product and will last you a long time . the fabric be very thin and perfect for warm weather and baby who like to be enclose . my daughter love it and i do too !
419	Baby	POS	5	my son be 3 1\/2 month old and he sleep in he halo sleepsack every night . when he be a newborn we would swaddle he and then he out grow the need for it . when we use the swaddler wrap be be perfect . it be also just tight enough so he could not slip he little hand out . i also really like that it be so easy to clean !!! now he be wear a medium size sleepsack and it be perfect . i have notice that it also keep he on he back because it be hard to roll over in . that be so great because he be a little wiggly worm at night . over all this be a great product and i would recommend it to anyone with a baby !
574	Baby	POS	5	buy this after try out cheaper alternative that do not really work too well . the medela , yes it be expensive , be a awesome pump and perhaps the best we have be able to find . the pressure can be adjust base on personal comfort and the pump speed be better compare to some lighter-duty pump . no impact on the shape either , i guess if you crank up the pressure too much , it could have some impact but not entirely sure of that . the pump be not the most quiet when it run , which become a slight problem at night , but it be not unacceptably loud . the storage bag and compartment be very well think out . the only one problem be clean the tube be not easy , but that be the case with all pump , not just this one . i would highly recommend not cheap out and get a quality product such as this medelum pump , it be the best money can buy .
158	Baby	POS	5	i love these burp cloth . the muslin be so soft and absorbent . they also have a cute design and wash easily . these burp cloth can also be use as a bib -lrb- use snap closure -rrb- . perfect for protect baby 's cloth from spit up or drool . overall i have be very happy with all the aden + anai product i own -lrb- swaddle blanket , burpy bib , wash cloth -rrb- .
405	Baby	POS	5	we buy these magnetic lock because we do not want to be bother with drill all those tiny hole for the standard bend-down latch . for that purpose , these latch be perfect - they really be that easy to install . just peel & stick . and if you prefer -lrb- or need ! -rrb- the extra strength , the kit come with screw . we buy we latch four year ago for the cabinet where we keep garbage , so it get open and close many time a day . we use they constantly for about 3 year , then just leave they in place -lrb- so easy - slide the little button and the latch disengage -rrb- when kid one be old enough not to need they . now that kid two be get around , we slide the button back down and the latch be work as well as ever . they be still stick on with only the adhesive tape - we never use the screw . the magnetic key be quite easy to use . we keep it sit on we metal sink , right above the cabinet where we use it . handily enough , it will also stick right on the cabinet for time when you be right there and open the cabinet frequently . the plastic cover of the key do eventually crack and detach from the magnet . the magnet itself still work as a key , but be harder to use without the cover\/handle . also , any strong magnet will open these latch , so you be not sol if you lose yours . which be handy because kid one go through a phase where he think it be fun to hide the key ... my only real gripe with these latch be that you do have to have a magnet to open they . it can be a real pain when i have a handful of messy trash to find , pick up and use the magnet in order to open the cabinet . but hey , that be childproofing , right ?
483	Baby	POS	5	i get this for my 16 month old who put everything in she mouth . she really like it , and chew on it often . my older daughter also like wear it even though she do not chew on it . i mostly let the little one wear it around the house or play with it in she car seat . i do not wear it myself , as it do look more like kid " dress up " jewelery rather than a necklace for a mom to wear . i do think it be a bit expensive , but there be not anything else similar on the market , and it really be nice for little one who like to chew on everything . overall i be please with it , and it be serve the purpose for which i purchase it .
564	Baby	POS	4	my only complaint be that the remote be loud , so we never use it . the music be great , although , some of the music be program under the wrong composer . oh well . i guess the baby be not read the composer ' name anyway !
939	Baby	POS	4	i have 4 of these seat saver in various color -lrb- gray and tan - no black -rrb- . i have almost no complaint about these , they do they job . my only gripe be one that i have see mention in other review here , and that be that the back section do not come up high enough ... nowhere near as high as most carseat . as a result -lrb- depend on the carseat you use -rrb- there could be some mark leave on the back of you seat . as for the rest of my review , these seat saver do a great job . they be make of a semus hard rubber material and no matter what the base of you carseat be like , it will not damage or dent the bottom of you vehicle 's seat surface . many of the other brand be just fabric and foam and i feel like some carseat would press right through when anchor down tightly . might as well use a old towel if that be the direction you be think about go in . a add benefit be these tend to catch a lot of drop snack and cereal and will contain anything spill on they . that be a plus ! as for some of the complaint i have read here , anyone who say that they kid ' carseat move around too much with these seat saver be simply not anchor they carseat tightly enough . i have 4 of these seat saver and have use they in 3 different vehicle over the last 4 year and none of my carseat move . if you find you carseat move around they be not tight enough ... ask someone to help you tighten they . i have never see any discoloration as a result of use these , though i have only use the tan and gray version on tan , gray and black leather seat . i suppose it might be possible for the black seat saver to discolor a lighter color fabric or leather . i also see a review that claim the seat saver stick to leather and destroy the seat . i have never see this happen in 4 year , though if i have to guess base on my experience , a child probably spill some juice on the seat and it eventually `` glue '' the seat saver to the seat . my advice ... clean up spill quickly and clean underneath you kid ' carseat regularly and you will be fine !
802	Baby	POS	4	my baby love it . the music it actually play do not go with the composer , but my kid will not know the difference . it be still work even with all the hand wack it get . i wish that they would make it so that it would not mess up my wooden crib . maybe like a soft material other than plastic that would protect the crib from get all scratch up .
23	Baby	POS	5	after get a new vehical with leather seat i figure i need one of these . it fit perfect and take the grunt of my kiddo crawl around , and spilling juice : -rrb-
914	Baby	POS	5	we use this at grandparent house as a high chair . i do not use the tray but just push my toddler up to the table . easy to clean , adjust strap and seem comfortable enough for my baby eventhough it have little padding . i like the way it will fold flat for storage .
624	Baby	POS	5	pro : slip on easier than other velcro at neck be much easier than tie of other we have the lack of elastic at the wrist make get it on a squirmy kid easier , though it do tend to allow some food up the sleeve . con : red sauce have stain it -lrb- but who care ? -rrb- overall i would recommend this smock over any of the other we have try .
263	Baby	POS	5	i love these shell . we use they with gdiaper insert and work great . they be nice and trim . my little girl look very comfortable in they .
247	Baby	POS	5	i have have three of these bib and they be great . they last a long time and be easy to clean . these be better than other plastic bib because of the snap . you can unsnap it to clean it thoroughly . you can even put they in the wash . they have a lifetime guarantee which i do not take advantage of yet , but will for the next bib that get worn . one bib last i about 1 year of dailly use before it be so worn i have to throw it out .
136	Baby	POS	5	these bib be perfect for when you child start on solid food . my four-month-old be overwhelm by the regular bumpkin bib . he keep get he hand catch up and block my path to he mouth . these little bib be perfectly size for he . they wash well and dry quickly . i have use a paper towel to spot clean and throw they in the wash machine and have good result . two be not enough , i be back to order more !
935	Baby	POS	4	i have get many of the aden & anais swaddle blanket and sleep sack . . and be delighted to find this new adorable design . the muslin material be very soft and wash well - better than many of the other a+a product i have buy , for some reason , which tend to pill up a lot more . the fit be great on my little one . he be get pretty strong at 6mo , and have not yet kick through it -lrb- as i read in some other review -rrb- even though it be a fairly thin material . yes , the material be lightweight - but perfect for daytime summer nap here in the sf bay area -lrb- daytime room temp of 68-72f -rrb- . this would not be a good purchase for nighttime use , or fall\/spring\/winter . the only thing that need improvement on this bag be the zipper . it be a little flimsy and the zipper have become separate a couple time . i have always be able to get it back on track fairly easily -lrb- so far -rrb- , but i have read in other review that the zipper have become irrevocably damage so be aware this may be a problem in the future .
161	Baby	POS	4	this mobile have smoothing , soft music and slow motion which be the main factor for purchase . it be not too loud and will not keep a baby -lrb- -lrb- or you -rrb- -rrb- awake . the light it give off be not too bright . the mobile not only rotate 3 small , plush animal but raise and lower 3 leaf . in a dark room a child will not be able to see the motion even with the night light feature on . it only play for 18 minute . which be good and bad . good : play just long enough for a tired child to fall asleep before turn off . bad : do not play long enough and upset the child if it turn off . the remote be nice but only work if it be be on very recently . you can not start the mobile with the remote . battery life seem good . this be not design for a soft-sided crib or playpen -lrb- which be what we originally have as we child 's bed for the first few month -rrb- . it be also not design to fit on a very thick\/wide crib rail . i be considerate of this fact when i finally buy a full size crib recently . i still have a little trouble mount the mobile as the ` screw ' part be far too long and i have to cut a couple of inch off so the crib could sit closer to the wall . \*\*\* update 7\/24\/2011 \*\*\* after have this mobile for nearly a year it stop spin properly . the music and light work perfectly . so i think the battery be weaken . even with new battery the mobile need help to start spin sometimes . i do not know if it stop spin once it start as i would leave the room so my child could sleep . i contact fisher price regard the issue and they have ask i to ship just the base to they for a replacement . seem to be a known issue . \*\*\* update 12\/13\/2011 \*\*\* i have have the replacement for about 4mon now and it seem to be fine . after report the issue , and shipping just the base back , it take about 6wk to receive the replacement which be a brand new mobile . i have expect just a new or refurbish base ... seem kind of a waste . oh , well . the 6wk wait suck as my daughter still rely on this to sleep . we have the new one and have not have a issue at all .
67	Baby	POS	5	good quality print good confection material nice color my baby look like a photograph !! we love this and use a lot .
733	Baby	POS	4	i nurse my son with the original boppy for a year . yes , it be wonderful and everything the other reviewer say . however , my issue be that it begin to `` bend '' in the middle from use . really , this be fine ... i mean a year of nursing be go to be hard on any pillow . but my main complaint be that the cover they make for these thing be not waterproof -lrb- or spit-up proof -rrb- . what be the point of a cover ? i have to wrap my entire boppy in saran wrap , then put the cover on to get any protection nd prevent smelly stain . just my two cent .
590	Baby	POS	5	these bib wash well and be so cute for baby boy . they be the smaller size , so it be perfect for my 7 year old . we also have the dr. seuss one .
469	Baby	POS	4	overall i like this cover better than my bummis cover . the fit be great and the interior gusset hold in the biggest mess . there be only two problem i have with this cover : 1 . the aplix stink . the tab be very small and start curl within a few wash even though i wash exactly as instruct and line dry . 2 . wicks moisture through the tag . you can cut the tag out to solve this problem .
497	Baby	POS	5	this swim diaper be not bulky like some of the other . it be soft and thin and with wash gently and a hang dry they have not fade and have help up wonderfully !
235	Baby	POS	5	we have be use the standard child lock throughout we house but we have a few drawer where the countertop overhung too much and we could not get we finger in between to unlock the drawer . these magnet lock work perfectly . i would like to put these throughout the house if they be cheaper . they work really well but its a good idea to order some extra magnet key . my wife keep lose they throughout we house and we get lock out of we drawer !
201	Baby	POS	5	absolutly freak adorable !!! fast shipping and such a adorable outfit ! i would recommend for anyone look for a baby gift for someone in the military . it be perfect !
385	Baby	POS	5	i buy these originally after a friend recommend they , and i have be please with they . i buy two of the two pack for i , plus several more as baby shower gift . we do not ' need they as burp cloth as much as we daughter be not a `` urpy '' child , but they be nice and absorbent for drool or general wipe up , even if it be just mom 's spill water bottle . i would keep one in each area of the house we hang out in for clean up . we be start to use they as bib now , and while the fit at the neck could be a bit snugger , they absorb lot of rice cereal spit out with drool , yet still wash up look almost new . they be also big enough to be a small nursing shield if you forget you cover up . they will not cover everything , but they give the illusion of coverage .
228	Baby	POS	5	this be a great snuggle toy . the fabric use be very , very , soft -- that smooth yet plushy type fabric . a little doll come out of the peanut casing . he have two taggy for hair , and a blue body . the body have arm but then a round body without leg . the casing say lil peanut on it . as i call my daughter `` peanut '' i want she to have it for christmas -- and she love he ! she have not learn how to take he out and put he back in , but she will bring he to i so i can do it for she . great little toy !
554	Baby	POS	5	i buy this for my friend who be expect . i have call the baby `` peanut '' since she find out she be pregnant . when i give it to she at she shower a few week ago she love it ! it be so cute and soft ! it be the perfect gift !
629	Baby	POS	5	one of the must-have item for baby who always kick they blanket away . my 10 mth old be comfortable in it and sleep well at night . no more worry for mama whether he have he blanket on . it be big but sure can last for couple more year .
686	Baby	POS	5	we buy this sleepsack to take with we when we visit relative in colder weather . baby seem to love it . we have to only dress he in a long sleeve onesie b\/c it be so warm . i wish they make this in a v-neck or lower neck version . all of the sleepsack tend to creep up on the little guy and we keep have to pull it down so it do not go over he face .
322	Baby	POS	5	this teething ring work wonderful it be right at the child level when be hold child gravitate towards it . fit in child 's hand well . it be beautiful and i get lot of commplement on it people do not know it be a teething ring .
889	Baby	POS	5	silicone baby bib be : easy to clean nice design perfect for a busy mom very usefull i be very happy to have it
19	Baby	POS	5	i try these after feel like the first year brand pacifier wipe be make with too many stinky chemical . i have a big nose for the unnatural . these have a fresh , clean smell unlike they competitor . i would recommend these over the first year but i think they work the same .
838	Baby	POS	5	a good product in theory . my son do not crawl when wear these . he scoot on he belly . pad on knee be sufficient , but i feel it could have be a little thicker .
123	Baby	POS	5	i purchase this as a gift for christmas ... my granddaughter have not get it yet . . but i love it and i be sure she will . it be soft and bright color . can not wait to give it to she .
157	Baby	POS	5	we begin use the halo sleepsacks as soon as we son learn to roll over and could not be swaddle anymore . i love the soft , breathable cotton material . i can dress he in pajamas appropriate for the temperature \/ season know he will not be overheate with the cotton sleepsack on top . they be durable and wash well . i be happy that they come in x-large . my son be very tall for he age , but at 13 month he can still comfortably wear a sleepsack to bed . i think they be a safe alternative to blanket and more convenient for the child who toss and turn and would kick a blanket off anyway . as soon as we put on he sleepsack he be know it be bedtime . it be a great signal that end we bedtime routine .
269	Baby	POS	4	i be really please with the footed sleeper . it be a very soft cotton and it wash up really well . it be definately pricey but as a `` splurge '' item for my little one i be not at all disappointed . they only reason i give it a four star instead of five be the price , and the fact that the sizing be a little big . my baby be now 3 month and at 23 inch and 12lb it be just fitting well now . other than that if you want to splurge on a adorable sleeper for you baby this one definately get my recomendation !
944	Baby	POS	5	great for baby like mine who kick they cover off all night . it be nice and light in the summer and give extra warmth in the winter with pj underneath . love it !
777	Baby	POS	5	i love this sleeper blanket . my son be 6 month old and a big boy weigh 22 # and be 28 inch . i buy the large blanket and when i open the package it look huge , so i order a medium . he use the medium for about a month and then i just recently put he in the large . he stay so warm at night with just a long or short sleeve onesie on under the blanket sleeper . i like that it have a v neck so it doesnt get tight around he neck . and the zipper be upside down be great for quick diaper change . i will buy the blanket sleeper with the leg hole for he next . he be such a wiggle worm when he sleep and this blanket sleeper be great in the way that it stay with he as he move . this be a great purchase and i will recommend this to any new parent .
844	Baby	POS	5	these fit 2 one year old perfectly for a dr. seuss theme halloween costume & will be use again at christmas . the girl seem comfy in they & they wash well without shrink .
74	Baby	POS	4	this sleep sack come and i be shock at how large it be get a size down for sure !! we son wont be able to use this for month but it be soft and cute !
971	Baby	POS	4	this blanket be good quality . the brown be soft and velvety and the blue cowboy print around the outside have a soft cotton feel .
799	Baby	POS	4	easy to assemble . we do not need the wheel and it look fine with out they . easy to assemble , sturdier than similar price one .
194	Baby	POS	5	i have not use this toy yet because my baby will be bear in one and a half month . but i really like the design and hope my baby will love the sound too .
632	Baby	POS	5	my daughter be 3 1\/2 month and have be go through about 4 bib today since 2 month -lrb- spit up and drool -rrb- . since she be so young the bib i have before -lrb- a 12 pack from baby r we -rrb- seem to dangle down so she would still spit up on she shirt . they also have no lining and would still soak through . they also do not wash well -lrb- wrinkled , fold up , get some hole -rrb- ! i also have a few with a crunch plastic liner that be more for feed and be huge ! these be great ! they be soft , and do not crinkle , but the middle section prevent it from go through to shirt . i have wash most twice and they have hold up well . i also like that they be solid color and not all pink !!! i will for sure buy these again !
205	Baby	POS	5	this be a fantastic product and i highly recommend it . we recently transition from swaddle we little one to use this . he basically outgrow the swaddling and be get he arm free within seconds . it seem he like he arm loose , but of course we want he leg cover to keep he warm . on the other hand we be still afraid to use a blanket because he be still a bit young . this sleepsack be we answer . we use it with long sleeve onesy and it keep we little one warm , cozy and safe . the material be soft after a few washing and the construction be solid as well . buy this product without any fear .
133	Baby	POS	5	great babyshower gift idea or to parent to be present . i feel it be a pretty good deal for the price you could pay for other
39	Baby	POS	5	this purchase be definitely one of the best one i make . i love this dry rack ! there be a lot of space on it and it spin . no complaint . it be great . buy it !
955	Baby	POS	5	i recently receive this for my daughter who be 6 month old . i have 2 previous halo sleepsack and love they , but she be outgrow they . the cupcake pattern be adorable ! she love sleep in she sleepsack , and they zip from the top down which make middle of the night diaper change very easy . we love this product !
52	Baby	POS	5	this be sooooo cute ! would definitely buy again ! cute and functional . lot of cute color to pick from and great style .
70	Baby	POS	4	this come prewrapped in cellophane - so it be hard to actually judge the product . it be a gift at a baby shower and as far as i can tell the recipient like it and say the sock be great . i do like the packaging - cute idea .
610	Baby	POS	5	i purchase a variety of cloth diaper cover and i love the imse vimse cover . read the one star review , i guess you either love they or hate they . my daughter have be use these for about three month and i can not wait to get more . unlike the one star review , i do not have a problem at all with the velcro lose they `` stick '' , scratch my daughter or the cover keep in the moisture . quite the contrary ! they do not leak at all . sure , all cover will get a little wet , but they dry well and can be reuse before throw they in the wash machine . remember to not use dryer sheet . these cover be so soft , fit well and be lightweight . happy cloth diapering !
374	Baby	POS	5	pro - simple , comfortable , clean , seal . con - volume not accurately measure -lrb- but that be okay . measure before you pour in -rrb-
55	Baby	POS	5	great cover , generously size . make sure you lanolize it before use though , or it will not be waterproof . this be what i use for nighttime and it be bullet-proof ! : -rrb-
12	Baby	POS	4	i use this to go from okinawa , japan to the u.s. and back again . i like the fact this product be very affordable and work with my roll carry . it allow i to take my daughter 's britax marathon stroller -lrb- which she love -rrb- on the plane and allow she to sleep comfortably . however , the negative side to this for i be try to get through security check point . i have to disconnect\/disassemble the car seat from the carry on , take my daughter out of the car seat , then put the stroller and carry on through the x-ray machine . and then put it all back together again on the other side . with that say , it be still a great product . i get a whole lot of people tell i how `` together '' i seem to have everything .
830	Baby	POS	4	this shirt be so cute , i buy this for my granddaughter and it fit she perfect . i love it on she .
587	Baby	POS	5	they be so cute , but not only that , they be thick enough to absorb the mass amount of drool and spit up baby create ! : -rrb-
835	Baby	POS	5	i think this product be excellent ! it be small and very convenent ! however , it be a little bit of a pain in the butt when you have to take everything apart for security and then to check the car seat in at the gate and put it all back together when you pick it back up ! after a few time of do this myhusband get the hang of it and figure out how to leave the piece hook on to the car seat and be able to just slide the suitcase into the loop and hook it up on the time ! this do save a little bit of time and effort . i will definitly keep use this product and will recommend it to my family and friend !
437	Baby	POS	5	this product be suggest to i by a friend at work . i be skeptical at first , but this thing be great ! works fine even on a standard carry-on size bag . a very inexpensive way to carry you child and carseat through the airport hand free -lrb- you would be roll the bag anyways , right ? -rrb- . plus it keep the kiddo that never stop run around contain .
720	Baby	POS	5	excellent product . would highly recommend this . my baby do not appear to like be swaddle with a blanket and always manage to kick she way out of it which worry i greatly , the thought of she get tangled in the loose blanket . i no longer have this worry and she seem to get a better sleep with the sleep sack and be warm throughout the night .
145	Baby	POS	5	we have be housesitt for a couple who install these lock for we . they be wonderful ! the door to the cabinet stay tightly shut -lrb- almost seal -rrb- so there be no mashed finger and no frustration from be able to see just far enough inside to provoke more curiosity . they be easy to open when you want to release the magnet . we be get ready to go back to we own home and i be go to order a slew of they .
857	Baby	POS	5	i love these sleep sack ... its difficult to find lighter one for summer and these be just perfect . fleece be too hot for the warmer weather , but you still need something for you baby to sleep comfortably and safely . they wash and wear forever and i only replace they when my baby outgrow each size ! i would highly reccommend this item !
495	Baby	POS	5	we go through every bottle system before settle on this one . every child be different so to say one be better than another be silly . i can say that these nipple hold up well -lrb- we do not replace every 3 month as recommend -rrb- and the flow stay as desire throughout the life of the product -lrb- more like 6 month -rrb- .
182	Baby	POS	5	buy this one in 2 color for my grandson . these be great , soft , comfortable and organic . they also wash up nice .
924	Baby	POS	5	this be a gift . the new mother thank i for it . nothing more to say since it be a gift .
594	Baby	POS	5	love it . super soft , and great gender neutral color . very easy to take on and off baby . wish i could get it in a bigger size now that baby be get older .
129	Baby	POS	5	we love thirsty diaper cover . they fit we baby well and we almost never have any leak or blowout . super easy to use , even gramma like they !
702	Baby	POS	5	good size - compact , but hold a lot . also very easy to take apart \/ reassemble between kid , and compact when store . we be use it again for we second and it hold ton of bottle . the grate be small enough to set small pump-part on to dry without they fall through .
967	Baby	POS	5	i order these for my 6 month old and i like they . the orange part detach from the stainless steel if you want to heat the bowl in a pot of hot water . i find it convenient . i see other review where a few be complain that the fork say `` make in china '' and the letter come off . i think that all that be petty when you think of the large picture that this bowl set do not contain bpa , lead or other harsh harmful chemical that the plastic do . i personally have not have the letter come off of the orange covering . i be glad i do not base my decision on those other review . i put they in the dishwasher and they still look fine to i . i recommend these .
970	Baby	POS	5	i own 4 of these diaper cover which i pair with a prefold and fleece liner . i do not personally use these for night time diapering - i use 2 prefold with a homemade wool cover . my 6 month old , 15 pound daughter wear a medium size cover which have ton of grow room - which be how i want to buy it so we would get multiple month of use out of these cover . i really can not say enough good thing about these cover . we have not ever have a leak with they ! they also contain poop very well . great cover , great price , great performance !
442	Baby	POS	5	buy this for we 5 mo old daughter and she love it too ! she even sit in it just to play with a rattle or watch a show . like most child she have a lot of thing and at time we living room look as if she be the only one who live here . so this product be able to store away be excellent and it be safe , roomy and very cute ! not to mention ... the price be excellent too ! really worth the buy ! happy parenting !
818	Baby	POS	5	this baby mobile be very vibrant in color and the character be fun : -rrb- my son love it ! there be a variety of classical music to choose from . the sound be not very loud , but when you want you child to calm down and go to sleep i guess that be good . i be happy with the product .
651	Baby	POS	5	this be such a good idea . i feel like i be freezing my child not put a blanket on they as they sleep to keep they safe . this put my mind at ease and keep the little one warm . i highly recommend it . they also make they in lighter material , which be great for warmer house and weather .
611	Baby	POS	5	a friend of mine tell i about this product . thank god !! it help my teething baby so much that i start buy they for my pregnant friend !
274	Baby	POS	4	i just purchase another - as after 3 year of use it be not work anymore . my daughter favorite sound be the whale . but this new one we get do not sound at all like the old one . it sound creepy . she will not listen to the whale sound anymore , and that be the main reason i want to replace it - because she like it so much ... we be a bit sad that it have be change . what be wrong with the old one ?
309	Baby	POS	5	of all of the hundred i have new baby item i have accumulate in the 3 month since i have become a mom , these bib by far be the best product . i never do a feeding without grab one . they be soft , the baby actually seem to like wear they , and they seem to clean well and absorb all of the spill . highly recommend !
815	Baby	POS	4	this organizer be light weight and unobtrusive . have a cup holder and a change purse be a great addition for walk in the park . i highly recommend it .
956	Baby	POS	5	these baby mitten be by far the best out there . i have originally purchase two set , and have to purchase two more . they be functional , easy , so soft and serve its purpose . these baby mitten have never come off of my baby 's hand - which be by far the best reason to purchase this product . the reason why we put baby mitten on we little one 's hand be so they do not scratch they face , so it be important to have mitten that will stay on .
137	Baby	POS	5	i buy these for my twin & i be completely satisfy with they . they do the job and the biggest concern for we be the space for high chair for twin , but these be just perfect space saver . i would totally recommend these over the bulky high chair !
390	Baby	POS	4	it be very cute and it work well . the only thing be it be a little short . the baby really love it and it go with we theme .
357	Baby	POS	5	we buy three of these for we triplet infant -lrb- one for each crib -rrb- and they absolutely love they . the color scheme and the animal be very cute and keep the baby entertain . we do not use the remote control provide at all . the kid enjoy fall asleep to the night light .
738	Baby	POS	5	i agree with all the positive review . this bib be easy to clean and really catch all ! i have hand wash mine and i have not have any problem with it at all . i also dump one in the laundry by accident and it come out fine ! i buy other soft bib with pocket before and they turn moldy when they get wet . the hard pocket bib , like baby bjorn be awful . they be too hard and all my baby do be cry and try to rip they off when he have they on .
40	Baby	POS	4	thought i order a blanket . do not realize a blankie be a miniature version . the granddaughter both love it , though , and enjoy snuggle and carry it around .
198	Baby	POS	5	these cover be one of my favorite ! they be not to stiff or bulky and they fit perfectly with the corresponding gmd prefold !
751	Baby	POS	5	this product be adorable . the lighting be perfect , not too bright . two volume setting for the music . i personally enjoy listen to the music over the moniter . it be very soothing . most favorite part , i do not realize the leaf on the mobile move up and down as well as around . i have be rock my daughter to sleep for the last four month . could not take it one more day . she fall asleep watch it and take a 3 hour nap .
604	Baby	POS	5	i have not have any problem with these spoon . i really like they and would buy they again . they have hold up very well in the last year of baby feeding . not great for a toddler to feed himself with , but super for feed he !
515	Baby	POS	5	-lrb- by the way , this be david 's wife , i do not know why my account be show with he name -rrb- my third child get into everything ! sure , the rest of you out there can brag that you teach you child no , but my little guy be too curious and love to frustrate i . these lock be perfect ! he can not reach he finger in , and i can install they myself !!! -lrb- which be huge since my husband have a lot on he plate right now and the other kind of lock be a pain to install -rrb- a super nice feature be that you can put they into a unlock position when the kid be older ... i suggest these to my mom since she watch one of she grandson three time a week . she can have they in lock position when he be there and unlock position the rest of the week . the adhesive work really well . i have no need to use nail to reinforce . i make sure i let they set 24 hour before mess with they . while they be set for the first 24 hour , i put they in unlock position incase my husband forget they be there and yank the door open . i just put the key on the refrigerator . my 7 year old can reach it just fine while my 18-month-old can not . this have be the perfect solution for my family !
362	Baby	POS	5	love this necklace . i be so sad that i could no longer wear jewelry because my son try to pull everything . not only be this necklace gorgeous , but my son love to play with it . i have have numerous compliment on how beautiful this necklace be . i recommend it for any mommy .
57	Baby	POS	5	love this bib for the kiddo . catch the sloppy food that would otherwise be in she lap . while its flexible enough to be comfortable for the baby , its sturdy enough -lrb- unlike clothe bib -rrb- to stay in place . buy three of these and wash they after each use with dish soap and water and you 'll never have a smelly mess of bib wait to be wash -lrb- which be also very tempting for the puppy dog to get into -rrb- . in one word ; indispensable !
646	Baby	POS	5	the cotton halo be perfect for warm summer night . i have wash it -lrb- cold water -rrb- and dry it -lrb- very hot air -rrb- dozen of time , no problem whatsoever : -rrb-
760	Baby	POS	5	1 . never irritated we baby 's skin . smell nice . 2 . you do not have to rinse it , so it be great when you hand be full or while travel -lrb- the dispenser lock in close position -rrb- . i higly recommend it . cheers .
758	Baby	POS	5	this bib be the best bib i have use . it catch so much food and just wipe clean with a paper towel . i throw it in the wash machine all the time and come out look brand new . i do not put it in the dryer and it dry within minute just by hang it up .
798	Baby	POS	4	i think i should preface this review by say that i be a first time mom and have no other exersaucer related experience with which to compare this to . nonetheless ... what i like : - it be not as obnoxious look as some of the red\/purple\/every color in the world exersaucer that i have see - it have little foot that click down to make it more sturdy -lrb- something i do not realize until a couple of day ago and be very happy to discover -rrb- - the music be not obnoxious - it be very good for tall baby . my little guy have to stand on a pillow to use it , but my 9 month old nephew be here today and use it on the lowest setting and the ball of he foot just touch the bottom -lrb- which be how it be suppose to be use -rrb- . my sister be amaze because they have to use they exersaucer on the highest setting and he foot still touch flat foot . that be nice because we 'll be able to use it for longer . - it really do bounce well -lrb- which my nephew demonstrate -rrb- . maybe other 5 month old can get it go , but my little guy have not figure out that it can do that yet , though he can spin the seat around . what i do not like as much : - my nephew show i today that when you really get it bounce , it be really loud - my son be at a age where he really like to put thing in he mouth and there really be not much he can do that with on this . i have to put other toy on it so he can suck on they while he look at all the cool stuff the exersaucer have to offer . i think he 'll be able to reach the toy better when he be bigger . so far , i be really glad that this be the one we end up buying . we do get it on amazon for 79.99 though , so i be not sure why it be 20 dollar more now . maybe shop around .
90	Baby	POS	5	i purchase this bib after be tire of wash numerous set of clothes each day . regular bib just do not stop the mess . after look around , i find kushies ' infant waterproof big . the infant size be perfect for my 7 month old . i think it will fit she for another 6 month or so before we might have to consider get the toddler size . it keep off almost all mess . it be great . it also be easy to clean and cheaper than most other waterproof bib on the market . i would definitely recommend . when buy , i would recommend get two so you can alternate or keep one in you nappy\/diaper bag .
882	Baby	POS	5	i do like this pump . it be not painful and , imo it empty my breast quite rapidly . i can not pump as much as my d can eat , but that be with all pump , as my lactation consultant explain . she encourage i to pump more frequently , but alas , i do not have the time at work . the only downside - which be with all pump , be the amount of piece to clean . i do recommend buy a hands-free bra\/band so that you hand be free . the bag be a nice quality and store all the necessary piece , a burp cloth , and my hands-free band . i do agree with the other to ensure you use the correct size shield . the smaller one work best for i .
400	Baby	POS	5	do not expect they to prevent blow-out . but what will ? the last as long as they need to , then the baby grow out of they .
252	Baby	POS	5	my husband and i purchase this item when my daughter be 8 month . we get it to make do daily thing a little easier without worry about she bump she head . we love it . we only use it for a short time a few time a day and it be great ! it make it easier to make dinner . i plop she in it in the kitchen and we hang out while i be cooking . it make it easy to answer the door and not worry while my back be turn for a few seconds . she enjoy it a lot . we put some snack in it and she eat they and play away . i do not know how we do without it !
468	Baby	POS	4	i buy this because my daughter want to join we at the table and i could tell by the picture it do not have a full cover which be ok for i because i do not want she to enjoy it as much as she do she highchair she never want to leave it . she love it and she be extremly happy . it be easy to clean and put away , complete space saver ! the reason i give it a four star be because the directoin be not as clear as i would like they and mine have a broken arm it be a very small break and its still prefectly useable but i can not adjust it very well because of it . if you want something that be pretty and cover with cloth and plan on usee it until they be like 2 this be not it but if you look to upgrade from a highchair and a chair to take with you everywhere , this be you chair . remember 8 time out of 10 you get what you pay for
24	Baby	POS	5	we have newly bear twin and this avent set be a nice addition to the avent gift set we already have . you have a nice selection of bottle and the nipple seem to be easy for the baby to use . one thing to not be that this product be not make in china like many other bottle . i want to point that out as some people like to know that info . this be a nice starter set but you will need to buy additional bottle just to have enough on hand . we have the gift set in addition to this and we still need a few more bottle due to have twin . it be nice not to have to wash and\/or sterilize all the time by have more on hand . while it be hard to tell how much the bottle prevent colic they do seem very nice and the nipple seem perfect for we newborn .
464	Baby	POS	5	i have a 9 month old who be start to move around a lot more while eat . these bib be great ; they keep baby clean -lrb- for the most part ... she like to grab and flail sometimes -rrb- , be easily clean -lrb- we hand wash and machine wash -rrb- , and dry quickly . the velcro be good but a clasp would be better .
387	Baby	POS	4	this dry rack have plenty of space for all the knick knack that need to be sterilize and dry if you have a infant at home . it be compact because of the towering feature so do not take up a lot of counter space .
139	Baby	POS	5	we buy this for the cold weather month . it work great , and have a cute puppy pattern . buy a size up as we son be super tall , so somewhat long , but nice to have extra space for chubby leg !
319	Baby	POS	5	nice soft sleep sack that provide just the right amount of warmth for my baby . long length provide enough room for my boy to be comfortable . i would definitely buy it again . the only complaint would be that the color be not as bright brown as picture but more of a greyish brown ... do not really matter that much though
422	Baby	POS	5	this be we first time travel with we little one , but i can not even imagine have to have carry two carseat and all we carry on and manage a wander 2 year old and a bossy 4 year old . for the time where we have to unstrap the seat to get on the plane , i be eternally grateful for the strap make it so easy to get through the rest of the airport . a must buy for everyone with little one !!
224	Baby	POS	4	my 4 month old boy love this . it really help to settle he and will watch it for a hour ! i wish it play for longer than 15 minute but there be a remote to restart it from the doorway . one downside be that i have to oil it ! it squeak so loudly when turn i have to turn it off . still , it be fine since i oil it : -rrb- .
931	Baby	POS	5	love how big it be . i will probably get one more here soon . make a great nursing cover up , too .
801	Baby	POS	4	they be adorable . but i send they back because they be footy for baby , not footy with baby lobsta on they -lrb- although they do have lobsta on they -rrb- .
118	Baby	POS	5	my first aden + anai purchase be they  muslin swaddle wrap  so of course when i see these burp cloths\/bibs i have to try they . i be really glad i do because i love , love , love these bib ! i be aprehensive at the cost , but they be so worth the money ! 1 -rrb- they be thick and very high quality . 2 -rrb- they cover a large area so no mess . 3 -rrb- they be a burp cloth and a bib so they have a longer range of use . 4 -rrb- the more you wash they , the softer they get ! 5 -rrb- when use they as a bib , they have a snap , not velcro ! 6 -rrb- the print match they blanket print and i love to be coordinate : - -rrb-
809	Baby	POS	5	these magnet lock be wonderful . they stay put use adhesive , they be easy to install , they be easy to operate , and they keep the drawer and cabinet close more than the latch type so little finger do not get pinch if they manage to pull the drawer or cabinet open a little . i be very happy with my purchase and plan to purchase more ! just remember as other reviewer have note that these be locks only and you still need a key or buy the starter set with 2 lock and a key .
29	Baby	POS	5	the travel toddler be a fantastic invention worth its weight in gold -lrb- or more , since it be quite light -rrb- for parent travel with young child and they car seat in the airport . we recently travel with we 2.5 year old -lrb- 30lb -rrb- and she  first year true fit convertible car seat  to transport the car seat , the travel toddler be ingenious . it attach quickly to the latch strap and top tether of you car seat to give you a easy way to roll you seat through the airport -- much easier than the gogokidz travelmate , which take far more time to install . the only drawback i see of this product be : \* you need make sure you route you latch strap through in the forward face position , or they may not be long enough to reach around you suitcase -- so if you be use you car seat rear-facing , you 'll have to re-route the latch strap before reinstall it in you car . not a big deal , but take a few extra minute . \* not so much a drawback of this particular product , but of this concept in general : this strap turn you car seat into a very novel stroller , which will likely attract you toddler 's attention . sound good in concept , right ? in practice , 20lb of suitcase -lrb- or more -rrb- plus 20lb of car seat plus 30lb of toddler make for one really , really heavy contraption to be pull through the airport ! the product photo show a man push the seat and suitcase , but in reality , to get a angle that keep you child 's foot off the floor , you have you exert a fair amount of force , and at 5 ' 10 '' , i would be walk pretty bent over to accomplish that . so we pull it -- still bent over , but less awkwardly . overall , i highly recommend this product and will keep it in my travel arsenal for quite some time .
803	Baby	POS	5	we use these for we first child who do not like to be swaddle . now with we second , we be try to figure out how to use they but still swaddle she -lrb- she be too big for the halo sleep sak swaddler -rrb- . what we have be do be put a light long sleeve onsie on she then the sleep sak then the swaddler and it work great and she have not be get too warm -lrb- we be use the cotton sleep sak .
364	Baby	POS	5	i receive these bib for my baby shower . these be the only one i register for because i do not want to be the kind of mom that put a bib on she child all the time . then he start teethe and he drool so much that he be soak he outfit in minute and i would have to change he 3-4 time a day . i love the geometric design on these bib . they be very true to the picture . i have wash these repeatedly and have have no trouble with fading or anything else .
589	Baby	POS	4	we be unsure how we lo would receive this - she be pretty picky with what she put in she mouth -lrb- mostly thing she should not , rarely teether or toy -rrb- . she love the razberry teether . you can toss it in the fridge to help numb they gum , or just give it to little one as it be . it be a must-have .
678	Baby	POS	4	very nice quality material , great price and fast shipping . i buy this for my 1 year old boy and he seem comfortable in it .
509	Baby	POS	5	i be so happy that i buy this pump ! i have receive a avent single electric breast pump for my baby shower , and while i be only use it for occasional pump it be fine . however , once i go back to work , i need to pump more frequently and it take a very long time to pump both breast ... at least a hour for both , longer if i want to be thorough . since i be pump at least 3 time a day , that be much more time than i could spare ! i have research the high end pump , and i be go back and forth between the medela pump in style advanced , medela freestyle and the ameda purely yours ultra . since i be live in europe at the moment , i realize that the ameda be difficult to find , mean that part and support would be difficult to find as well , so that be out . i really want something hands-free but i do not want to pay so much extra for it , and from the review i have read , the hands-free apparatus can be complicate to use . so i opt for the pump in style and i be really glad i do . it be super fast ! really ! i can empty both breast in less than half a hour , rather twenty minute !!! that time save really add up and i would be happy just with that alone , but there be more positive . the adjustable suction power be great because my breast no longer hurt after pump . with my avent you could adjust the speed , but not the power -lrb- which be quite strong -rrb- , and i never realize how much my breast have ache afterwards until use the medela . it be easy to clean and it be much lighter than i expect . people have complain about condensation in the tube , but i just keep the pump on for a few minute with only the tube attach and have not have a problem . it be also much quieter than my old pump , and my little boy sleep soundly next to i while i pump . i also solve the hands-free dilemma by cut hole in a old bra which fit too tight , first position the breast shield , then attach the connector through the hole in the bra . the tight fit be important so the shield do not get displaced as the milk fill container weigh the pump down . that work great and i do not have to spend extra money . i only wish i could get larger storage container , but the 150ml one be the only one available here , mean that i have to stop pump to empty the milk into a larger container . that be the only negative i can think of . i highly recommend this pump , it be worth the money ! i only wish i would have buy it sooner .
349	Baby	POS	5	this be we baby 's favorite activity - he have much more fun in this than play with he toy . i also think this be great as it be make in canada -lrb- which be rare to find nowadays -rrb- .
795	Baby	POS	4	i love this set . it be great to use for feeding and store the extra food in the fridge . i just wish the cup have a cover as well or i could use it as a sippy cup .
436	Baby	POS	5	this be we fourth bummi - we son have always be in cloth diaper and we have use bummi as the over-protector for about 2 year now . they wear well -lrb- we wash they at least 3x \/ wk . -rrb- we also use thirsty as well as the cover we diaper service give we and i think both bummi and thirsy be really solid product .
598	Baby	POS	5	this pillow have be a life saver for i . i have be use it every single day since i purchase it for myself and my baby . i use this pillow for the following : 1 . for feed my lo 2 . for nap on my lap , since my baby love to feel the warmth from my body . -lrb- this be become a habit that be hard to break out of , but it be so cute to watch lo nap , forget about the dish in the sink lol ... -rrb- 3 . for tummy time 4 . for lounge ... which sometimes end up as nap-time because it be so comfortable for lo i take it on all my long trip . i can genuinely say i can not do without it . i buy the `` bare naked '' version and be sorry i have not get a slip cover the same time . i make up for the slip cover by place receive blanket on it whenever i use it . this be good for i because i can wash the receive blanket every other day since my lo drool a lot on it during tummy time . i plan to actually make a slip cover when i find some time to do so . i also plan to get another for the grandparent house because i have to travel with it whenever i know i will have to feed , e.g. on long trip or for over-nighting . it be use not only for breast feeding but my dh use it as well for bottle feeding . i have use it once or twice as a neck pillow for myself as well lol . after a c-section and weak wrist from pregnancy induce carpal tunnel and a baby that be heavier than the average at birth and continue to be above average at all stage ... this pillow be a blessing to own . i have to say i would recommend this to any mom .
195	Baby	POS	5	purchase as a present for my daughter olivia , this blanket be very soft and durable . the monogrammed `` o '' stand out boldly and the blanket wash well .
264	Baby	POS	5	i buy these to match the folsom prison onsy that my niece want for she baby . very cute outfit , indeed .
380	Baby	POS	5	i buy this for my daughter and use it all the time . the rain setting work wonder -- she could sleep just about anywhere with those sound lull she to sleep . i would highly recommend this ! great for trip too !
886	Baby	POS	5	i buy a couple of these for my 6-year old boy recently diagnose with anxiety . he keep chew on he shirt , finger -- anything he could get in he mouth . we call this he `` chew ring '' and he chew on it as need . sometime he wear it , but more often than not he carry it or put it in he pocket . he chew a lot on the string too which do not bother i . better this than he clothing . i highly recommend this !
772	Baby	POS	5	i buy 6 of these blanket for my little guy and they be perfect . the color be exactly as picture , they be stretchy and big enough to swaddle . they be also very soft . i would recommend they to anyone !
662	Baby	POS	4	buy these to keep at grandma 's house . really great buy for the price , durability , etc , i be just really surprise by how deep the bowl of the spoon be . it be almost as deep as a adult spoon , and therefore very hard for my 6 month old to purse he lip and get everything out from the bottom of the spoon . yes , they be a little top heavy as many people be say . overall , they be just fine , it just really bug i how deep they be . i feel like my boy struggle try to get the whole bite out of the darn spoon !
917	Baby	POS	4	order this item for my 9-month old . it be adorable and very well make . my baby be not very interested in it . she do not seem to like the feel of it .
888	Baby	POS	5	we purchase two pattern and love they both . it go well with we jungle theme . the quality be great , even after several washing it look new . i would recommend this for sure .
669	Baby	POS	5	got this in the mail and put it on my 2 month old daughter that night . she love it !! and i love it ! super soft -lrb- get softer the more i wash it -rrb- , beautiful print , and great weight for the summer and into the fall . stain have come out of the fabric great . great quality . she like this much better than be fully swaddle .
164	Baby	POS	5	this be perfect for carry my 1 year old 's marathon through the airport . we connect it to we roll carry-on suitcase . be very simple to use , relatively easy to disconnect and reconnect to suitcase at security check point . i have be plan to buy the gogo kidz cart instead for $ 70 , but be so glad i get this instead and save all that money . plus , it be much easier to store this little strap than the gogo kidz cart .
215	Baby	POS	5	i be give two of these cover and start use they when i bring my son home from the hospital . although they be a little big , and occasionally leak , i find they provide the best protection of anything i try . he be now six month old and can poop out of any diaper , except a cloth cover with a thirsties cover . i like the new design where both tab have velcro on the outside , so no matter which side i attach first , the other side can layer over the first tab .
666	Baby	POS	4	i think that this product be great for breastfeed a older baby . my child be 5 week old and she be just to floppy to get enough support from this pillow when eat . i can imagine when she get older it will be great for she though . it be great to support the baby in a somewhat sit position , and to assist she in help lift she head when lay on she tummy . overall i love this product and think it have many different use .
433	Baby	POS	5	some say that this product run small , so i order the large . umm ... yeah , i do not agree that it run small . we guy be swim in it when he first start use the large at 8 month . he still be swim in it at 11 month . but , even though it be large on he , he have plenty of room , get around in he crib easily , stand up in the crib and roll all around . i be just thankful that it keep he warm at night and i do not have to worry about blanket . it have wash well and hold up well so far . i have a friend who double up she jammy at night to keep she daughter warm . it be a challenge just get one pair of jammy on we boy , i would not like try to double those up . this be much easier and it keep he warm .
68	Baby	POS	5	this be a very cute change pad cover , nice and soft and snuggly . i have not wash it yet but be confident it will stand up .
890	Baby	POS	4	even though it get stain whenever tomato base food get on it , it still work good . clean easily . i like it .
278	Baby	POS	5	my entire family call my niece sweet pea because she be so tiny when she be bear . when i see this on amazon i have to purchase it , and my niece love it !
32	Baby	POS	5	my daughter have be interested in the mobile since she come home , but especially lately . she be now eight week old and will lie in the crib smile , watch the animal , and `` talk '' to they . this be actually the first object -lrb- aside from face -rrb- that she acknowledge . the mobile be easy to install and the music be ok , not too shrill or irritating to adult ear . we all actually like the cricket setting . i would highly recommend this . it be reasonably price and look cute in she room , but most importantly she be fascinate by it .
949	Baby	POS	5	love this , perfect for summer . be worried it would not hold up well , per other review , but so far so good . will buy one in the next size up !
753	Baby	POS	5	these be great ... and much better than summer or other brand . quick on and off and the reverse zipper be brilliant and make quick diaper change easy . my 5 month old still need a little swaddling when she sleep and the sleepsacks calm she immediately . i wish they be not so expensive ... but i find they to be well worth it .
498	Baby	POS	5	i love these bib ! at a glance , they be pricy . but in the long run , these be far cheaper than the cheap bib i could have pick up at my local target or walmart . we have some cheapy and they quickly curl and the velcro lose its stickiness . these be machine-washable and the velcro have hold up well . they have be use for several month at we house and ours still look new . i would highly recommend these bib !
993	Baby	POS	5	these be the best bib that i could find . . the key be the plastic snap . most bib have a velcro closure that baby can easily open themselves ... not these awesome bib . important to surface clean -lrb- not wash in machine , never dry in dryer -rrb- eventually they do separate from plastic -lrb- and stink to high heaven especially if milk be involve -rrb- and need to be throw away . pocket be key also . too bad they be kind of hard to find in store . i be use they for my 10 mo . old twin right now . -lrb- and buy they as baby gift ! -rrb- great great bib .
945	Baby	POS	5	i fly standby from atl to mem with a 18 month old and a 6 week old by myself . -lrb- yeah , i be crazy -rrb- . this carseat travel accessory save my sanity . it basically turn my suitcase into a stroller . i be able to have my toddler in the newly create `` stroller '' and carry my baby in a baby bjorn and remain hand free which be priceless . plus , i do not have to check any baggage which be a lifesaver when travel standby . i highly recommend this product . it be the best carseat travel accessory and the cheapest in price .
494	Baby	POS	5	this light blue one look like a scarf on my daughter . navy and red look like western bandana -lrb- so cute ! -rrb- . absorb like a dream . well make . wish all we bib be these ... we would only need 3 per day instead of 6 of the cheapo . i have 7 in different color and use 1 per day . i save it for when we go out so that she still look cute and she outfit be not ruin by a ugly\/huge bib . if only i could afford 21 of these ! -lrb- have to buy some color directly from silly billy 's website , but shipping be cheap there . -rrb- love
533	Baby	POS	4	we need a suit that would contain any possible accident -lrb- do not have any ! -rrb- while not embarrass the pre-schooler . these be perfect . they be harder for he to put on than regular swim trunk , but not prohibitively so . great product .
159	Baby	POS	5	we 1 yr old need add warmth beyond she onesie and winter sleeper as we winter have kick in and she room over the garage doesnt get the best heat . this blanket sleeper be just what we need . i do not have to worry about she be too cold at night . we do keep she foot in the little hole so when she be up in the morning she can stand up without issue . we put it on she right before we put she in she crib at night so no need to worry about it be large . she sleep longer now and more soundly because she cozy and warm . i like that it do not have arm and be breathable , no issue of be too warm . i highly recommend it !
588	Baby	POS	5	in 2008 we unexpectedly find out we be have identical twin which would be we 3rd and 4th child . we be a one income household so that i could be a stay at home mom so i do not have $ 400 to $ 700 to spend on a twin stroller that start at the infant stage . if you be just begining you research or be purchase for a loved one who be expect , please note that very few double stroller will actually accommodate infant twin . this stroller be amazing . it be easy to assemble -lrb- take only 30 minute -rrb- and customize to you car seat . it fold up very flat -lrb- much more so than a regular double stroller -rrb- . it be very lightweight and pop out to full size with no problem . i have have it in a car trunk and the back of the van so it can go in multiple vehicle size . i think the absolute best part be the convenience factor . my twin be bear in december so it be such a comfort not to have to take they out of a nice warm car seat and put they into a cold stroller seat . you simply lift you car seat off the base and pop it into the stroller and lock it down . baby remain undisturbed and out of the element . the car seat also help to shield they from people and germ when they do have to be in public . i would pull the sun shield up and lay a blanket over it and drape it over the handle to deter people from lean over the baby . trust i - you can not be too protective when they have be in the nicu . the maneuverability be also better than average . it get around a lot easier than the double stroller i have now - probably due to it be weight . i would push it into the exam room at the doctor and it make it simple to do one baby exam at a time . i do not always have the luxury of have someone to accompany i when i have to get out with the twin and this system make it easy to do by myself with confidence . the metal frame also work for be creative with option . i purchase a screw on umbrella from cvs that fit on the frame and it work as a excellent sun shield for summer . the large basket underneath be big enough for a large diaper bag and my purse . all in all , the value , design , resell and convenience of this can not be beat . you have to buy car seat so this just maximize they use and value as well . i wish i have know about the single option when my first child be bear and i would have purchae it instead of the crappy `` stroller system '' that i overpay and underutilize due to it be multiple design flaw . if you go with this one you will not regret it .
853	Baby	POS	5	definitely worth the inexpensive dollar it cost . help keep carseat in place , as well as protect the seat -- a major bonus . i end up order more for relative ' car !
384	Baby	POS	4	this be a all around fun teethe product . my son love gnawing on it when he gum be bother he and i love watch he ! the rippled silicone texture be awesome for chew but be careful , it also have a tendency to pick up any fuzz or lint that come off blanket , sweater , teddy bear etc. . . i find myself have to wash it off every time it leave he mouth . aside from that , it be great - we have several !
819	Baby	POS	4	great product . use they for my 9 month old . awesome bib for feeding , great quality . could be a bit bigger but decent size for this age .
148	Baby	POS	5	these spoon be great ! the long handle be perfect for feed , particularly early on . initially , i think the spoon part be too deep , but actually it fit great into my daughter 's mouth and make it easier to feed more liquidy food . now that she be start to use spoon to feed herself a bit , these be not as easy for she to use , but i definitely recommend they early on .
117	Baby	POS	5	it be a great bib . it have excellent coverage for my 2-year-old . now i can let he feed himself soup , ice cream , yogurt , etc. without worry about he get it all over he clothes !
210	Baby	POS	5	great product . very easy to install and extremely effective at keep curious hand out of mischief .
577	Baby	POS	5	lamaze ` mittens the kitten ' be really cute and a perfect toy for a infant\/toddler . make a great gift that will be enjoy for quite some time and sure to be pass down . i have purchase a good number of lamaze item such as this and have not be disappointed yet !
170	Baby	POS	5	i have be use these for we son for awhile now and just purchase 3 more . they be great ! they say they be for a infant , but they still fit my 15 month old son who be barely on the chart for he height . you can rinse they off and they dry in a jiffy , so they be great for travel and the pouch for catch food and liquid really help keep food off of he leg and clothes . they be plenty wide and plenty long and practically water proof without be vinyl . i believe they use the same fabric as they wet bag for dirty diaper so you know they 'll protect you kid clothes . they also make they in what i would call a smock , which i will probably buy when my son get old enough to start painting . i would highly recommend these . there be not much else out there like they . my only con on these be the velcro . my son can now pull they off because the velcro be not very strong . it would be nice if they make they with snap , but i can easily put on some snap myself . they be still plenty worth it as be !
95	Baby	POS	5	snuggly soft , give i peace of mind that she stay cover all night . we have use this brand of sack since she get out of the arm-wrap swaddle type , and it be now time for the next size up . it be as awesome as i expect .
894	Baby	POS	4	my daughter be almost 10 month old and i have another pump that have serve i well since i go back to work when she be 4 month old . i use that pump 3 time a day at work and over the last month think my supply be drop . a friend recommend that i switch pump because she think my breast might be get `` use to '' a certain pump . i do not know if this be true or not . i swap out all the part i could in the other pump , but i be still able to express plenty after a normal pump session . today , i try this pump for the first time and my output double from what i pump at the same time yesterday ! yesterday , i pump about 3 oz total in one sit , today i pump almost 6 ! three thing i do not like about this pump . first , there be about double the part to clean and disassemble versus the other pump i use , a medela . second , i be not sure i like the activation . you hand pump a few time to `` show '' the unit how you want to pump , press the blue button and it mimic you pump speed . i like to turn it on and forget about it . third , i wish there be a battery pack so i could take this with i overseas . it work like a champ and it be comfortable , though !
868	Baby	POS	5	its silicone which , in my opinion be safer than soft plastic with no ingredient list . if silicone be recommend for bottle nipple then i cant see the harm in allow my baby to use it in this age of recall . its larger than a normal pacifier but thats good . it fill he mouth up and feel different from he bottle nipple and he other silicone pacifier . this way he wont be chew on the wrong thing . he slowly get use to it but will chew on it longer if i hold it while he chew . its simply not the size of a normal pacifier so he cant count on he mouth hold it in just yet . he only 5 month and be drool a great deal so im ahead of the game with this teether . also i have many plastic teether that usually come with a new bouncer or baby gym but throw they away . i plan to go organic as well with he other teether toy . i hope i can find a organic stuff toy with no dye . then i would feel comfortable allow he to chew and suck on it . the soft plastic teether be scary with all the toxic ingrediant that have recently come to light like philate which be use to soften plastic and be now know to be detrimental to baby . this finding be so new that there be little info online about philates . i would not have know anything if i have not be watch a news program . so i be stay away from soft plastic generic teether , no matter how cute they look . i do recommend this silicone teether . atleast i know the ingredient of what he chew on .
10	Baby	POS	5	i buy this for my 14 month old who like to swing a leg over the crib rail like she be try to get out . i hope this keep she from be able to climb out for a while . also , it give she extra warmth without have to worry about keep a blanket on top of she .
227	Baby	POS	5	these bib be by far the best i have see . super easy to clean up , comfortable for baby , and cover\/catch everything . i be buy they as gift now for all my friend with little one !
780	Baby	POS	5	my sister in law get one of these for my baby who be now two ... it have be a constant companion in the car , in she bed - everywhere . i love sleep sheep ! i now buy they for all of my friend have baby .
656	Baby	POS	5	it be a little thicker than expect so we may just use it during winter as we live in tx but the quality be awesome ! very happy with purchase !
16	Baby	POS	4	my son absolutely love this mobile . he 'll stare up at the face of the little creature -lrb- a lizard , parrot , monkey , and bug -rrb- and giggle like crazy , it be hilarious to watch . what i really love about it be that it be super bright and colorful ; my son have no trouble focus on it at 4 month old . it be also easy to put together and simple to attach to the crib . the music box part play 18 minute of classical tune and its volume setting seem adequate to i . the mobile portion be detachable for when baby do not need that bit anymore , and the music box have a nightlight -lrb- not too bright -rrb- which have prove useful . all in all i love this product and definitely recommend it .
510	Baby	POS	4	great product . we buy this along with a sunshine kids for we two vehicle and aside from the size of the unit , i like this seat better . the sunshine kids be great due to how thin it be , but it be heavy and clumsy in function . the safety 1st unit be very easy to use and fit securely . it be bulk which be why i can not give it five star , but you will be happy if you have this product . fyi , we have this in a 2009 pilot .
713	Baby	POS	5	i have have this for a couple of week now and although it be start to lose the shine and look more like rubber , i love this ! my baby have really enjoy use this for she poor teething pain and it be great to have when toy be not around . the snowflake one look so real to other ... they be always shock to hear it be for baby and not regular jewelry . great buy ! fyi the blue one look less real .
218	Baby	POS	5	i get these bib for my infant son and i love they . they be well make and very cute . i would definitely recommend they to other .
807	Baby	POS	4	i accidentally buy the starterbib for my daughter of 8 month , and it be way too small . make sure you get the normal size for any child over 6 month . that be say , i love the bumkin bib and use they for every meal . i do not know why i do not switch to they sooner ! i simply rinse they off after every meal and hang it on we towel peg to keep the pouch open .
785	Baby	POS	5	seriously , cuter than the picture -lrb- and almost as cute as the litte girl in the picture -rrb- ! they come in a cute , partially clear pastic packaging , so that they could be display appropriately . love they !
570	Baby	POS	5	i really enjoy give this as a present to my expectant sister . i have get a bid that say my autie love i . the husband ask `` where be the uncle bib ? '' he want to have a part as well . i go to amazon.com immediately to find what i need . as always , i find exactly what i be look for . this bib not only be cute . it be also a good way for the uncle to express he love . i take it a step further and have it personalize with my husband 's name . i enjoy the expression on my sister face as she open this gift . she comment on how thoughtful this gift be . it be not every day you see a bib such as this . thank you for allow i to get exactly what i need .
448	Baby	POS	5	these be hand down the best bib i have ever use . we have two remain from we oldest daughter who be now 4 that we be use again for we 6 month old . we just order three more ! i have try many many different bib and these be simply the best ! waterproof , washable , dryable , catch food from fall on the floor . there be nothing not to love !
552	Baby	POS	4	i love it , and i know that my baby will love it too , i will recommend this to my friend .
843	Baby	POS	4	i do not register for bib but get several cloth one as gift . i do not think they would be useful until we start solid and then i realize they really be not useful . they have to be wash after every meal & even then they be hard to get clean . plus , they be so small that they hardly catch the mess a new solid eater make ! these cover we daughter completely & there be plenty of room for grow . they be easy to wipe clean & can be use for several meal before they need to be wash . my only complaint be that the neck be wide to accomodate grow i assume & so i still fight the neck of she clothes get dirty . for now i put a cloth bib under to cover she neck & will probably use a towel later . i still feel it be worth the money .
792	Baby	POS	5	i buy these as a gift for we new nephew . very nice , soft spoon and very reasonable price .
259	Baby	POS	5	i love this product ! i dress my baby in long sleeve\/long leg all-in-one pjs , then place he in the sack . he stay nice and warm all night and can roll around the crib as much as he like !! although i try to avoid diaper change at night , if it be necessary the zip make it easy to change he without wake he up too much . it be super easy to wash with all he clothes and dry well in the dryer -lrb- i use the low heat setting -rrb- . definitely recommend this !!
789	Baby	POS	5	because i care for child in my home , i need dependable supplies . the grobag sleep bag be make to stump any devious toddler . it be lightly pad and the best part be the covered zipper -- the zipper pull be snap under a flap at the bottom -- great idea ! i wish there be a choice between sleeveless or with sleeve because you must make sure the child have a warm shirt on under the sleep bag . i would not hesitate to buy this product again even though it be pricey at $ 35 .
84	Baby	POS	5	we have use these halo blanket for many year . we daughter be almost 2 and prefer to sleep in she sack instead of a blanket . plus , it help to keep she from climb out of the crib !
612	Baby	POS	5	this sleep sack be great !! it be very thin . i love it because i can dress my baby in he regular jammy and not worry about he get too warm . if it be warm out , he wear this sack with less clothing underneath . it be really work for i . after many use , and lot of roll around , it tear a bit at the shoulder . i sew it up ; no big deal . the pattern be so cute too !
445	Baby	POS	4	this bib be a good product . keep baby clean from chin to wrist plus , he love the sound it make !!
298	Baby	POS	4	i buy this for my granddaughter when she begin teethe at 3 month ! she love it . its easy to hold , squeak , and chew on . but we can not keep it at grandma 's house because the dog be just wait for she to drop it so he can squeak and chew on it too !
855	Baby	POS	5	i have a 6 week old and the pump i be use -lrb- for 6 week -rrb- break . i be not happy about spend $ 200 on another pump , but be so glad i do ! the pump be very quiet and very efficient . i can pump 8 ounce -lrb- 4 ounce on each side -rrb- in 5 minute or less ! i love that you can set the pump to whatever pattern\/intensity that you like . -lrb- you do this by pump the trigger to set the rhythm , then press the start button -rrb- this pump do not hurt at all ! it be very comfortable ! the only issue i have with it be that it be a little cumbersome to take the pump apart and store the milk ... -lrb- if you have a flat surface it be not a problem -rrb- bottom line , you will not be disappoint with this pump !
162	Baby	POS	5	worth the money , come from a lower income mom and a nurse , more than the best idea . just think about the money you 'll save on formulum , the pump pay for itself ; especially if you go back to work .
474	Baby	POS	5	these sleepsack be great . we have be use they ever since we baby be too old for swaddle . they come in fleece as well as the t-shirt knit -lrb- great for spring and summer -rrb- , and keep you baby snug and cozy without any worry about suffocation or they kick it off in the night and get cold . a bonus : the sleep bag design keep crib-climber from be too mobile !
262	Baby	POS	4	i love this little seat ! it be perfect for move around and store since it fold up . it work perfectly for a family who do not have a lot of extra space . we have have no problem with it and have enjoy use it .
842	Baby	POS	5	def . worth the purchase . it be so cute . not cheap look at all . love the box ` golf cart ' it come in ! soft material and tastefully make .
71	Baby	POS	5	my daughter look adorable in this bib and it work so well . love the fake necklace imprint on the bib . ca not live without it .
741	Baby	POS	4	i give this a 4 star , it be genius , but it be expensive -lrb- it be really just a t-bar strap that you could probably use you own belt , so for the price it get 4 instead of 5 star -rrb- . it work great for we to wheel around we toddler in the airport , easy to take apart during the security search , and great to carry around in you purse\/diaper bag until landing where you 'll have to do it all over again until you get to the car . could not have manage to have she britax marathon carseat -lrb- lug it around -rrb- w\/o this unique tool ! i love the travel toddler ! it be easy to undo and attach , it be super quick through the security line & i have no complaint except for the cost of the thing . much cheaper than other product , but for around $ 18 all you be really get be a ` t ' - strap that connect to the seat and around you carry-on luggage , which probably cost 50cent to make !! then again , it be soooo worth it , when we travel !! if you know a friend who have one , save yourself some cash & borrow it !!
874	Baby	POS	5	we baby 's change table could only accommodate a 30 '' long change pad , so i be glad to find this one . before order , i be not sure if i would like that it be contour on all 4 side instead of just the long side , but i do like it this way . in fact , the contour seem deeper than most change pad which make it a little bit safer in my opinion - my daughter be very wiggly ! it be very easy to clean when my daughter be not quite `` do '' when i think she be and there be no diaper under she .
988	Baby	POS	5	i see where people have a lot of issue and i barely purchase one because of they but i actually love the brush . mine have not tear up at all , i like the sponge tip for the bottom of the bottle floor . especially for breastmilk which have a lot of fat ... if you get a brush with a prickly brush head and not a sponge ... then it miss area on the bottom of the bottle floor . it will stay greasy no matter what liquid you use . . by the way , palmolive baby work magic and leave the bottle squeaky clean . for hygiene purpose i switch my brush out monthly as i wash several bottle daily ... i also `` after '' it dry out , i use a zip lock bag on the tip of it to keep it sterile .  palmolive ultra , baby bottle , toy , & dish wash liquid 20 fl oz -lrb- 591 ml -rrb-
545	Baby	POS	5	this work great for keep we almost 3-year old in he full-size bed . i really like that it fold all the way down too for make the bed . very reasonably price as well .
463	Baby	POS	5	this sleep nest be perfect for we little one who be too young to pull up she blanket . instead of just kick off a blanket , she stay nice and warm and comfortable in the sleep nest . we love it !
827	Baby	POS	5	i have 7-month old twin and i have love this stroller . i get mine when i be pregnant with the twin . i buy mine use and i have not have a single problem with it . my favorite thing about the stroller be that it be lightweight and easy to open\/shut\/store . it fit in the back of we van with plenty of room to spare . my four-year-old daughter even occasionaly stand on part of the frame and hold onto the top of my twin ' car seat and go for a ride , too . the stroller be long -lrb- what do you expect when push twin around -rrb- , but it be surprisingly easy to steer and control . i will be sad when my baby turn one and outgrow they car seat , because then i will not be able to use this stroller anymore . i 'll be force to carry around a bulky double stroller . \* sigh \* this snap-and-go have be heaven-sent and be perfect for run around town . if you be have twin , this be a must-have !
140	Baby	POS	5	this cover fit perfectly on a contoured change pad . i love the design and softness of the material . it have only be wash once , but it seem like it will be durable .
950	Baby	POS	5	the product be delievier on time and in perfect condition ! thank you ! this product be perfect for cleaning may baby
499	Baby	POS	5	although i start cloth diapering 11 year ago , i only decide to trust wool with my youngest baby . i do not know why i be so scared to try it . i guess i just do not believe that it would not itch like crazy or stop leak . i be sooooo happy that i decide to just try it . it work better than i could have imagine and it be unbelievably soft . my baby love wear this . it be so breathable and never leave any red mark . she also have less diaper rash than when we be use pul and nylon cover . i can honestly say that if it be not for wool , we would probably be use sposy right now . the upkeep be not difficult at all . there be many video on youtube if you want to see how to lanolize wool . if you have any leftover lansinoh from those first week of breastfeeding - that will work perfectly . otherwise , you can get lanolin from you pharmacy . i have 5 other brand of wool pull-on cover , and i really do like this brand . my baby have only leak through this a handful of time . -lrb- she be a average wetter , so it probably just need to be lanolize . -rrb- if properly lanolize , i can not imagine that a baby would soak completely through this unless they be heavy wetter or sleep for 14 + hour at a time . because this cover be so buttery soft and reliable , it probably get the most use out of all my wool . because my daughter wear a lot of dress , it be use mostly during the day . -lrb- i even usually choose this over my cute embroidered wild child woolies ! -rrb- it do not look brand new anymore . the top look kinda stretch out . however , the leg hole still fit nicely around my baby ' leg . there be not any worn spot or hole in the fabric . i do not know if it would last through more than 1 - 2 baby , but i still feel like i be get my money 's worth . -lrb- disana be my # 1 favorite for night time . i can not imagine any baby could wet enough to soak through disanas ! i like the kissa 's , ruskovillum and lanacare equally , while i be not a fan of my aristocrat cover . -rrb-
947	Baby	POS	5	love the little scratch mitton ! a must for newborn ! i order the 2-pack and could not be happier with my purchase . they arrive very quickly after i order and hello -- free shipping ? i can not ask for a better deal ! stylish for my little guy -- yet keep he from scratch he porcelain face ! definitely will order as gift for friend or more for my own kid !
353	Baby	POS	5	i have this brand of bib in the bigger size for my son . it be great at catch everything . he will even reach down in the bib and eat what have fall . i be thrill when i see this bib come in a smaller size for the first feeding . wish i have this size with the first child . like another commenter say , i also have use it for a `` table '' in the car seat while we travel . easy clean up and can be put in the wash machine . ca not wait to get this in the mail so i can start feed the baby rice cereal and not ruin cloth bib . great product !
81	Baby	POS	5	i have the chalk mat by this company , so i try this apron . another great product that be smart , practical , and beautiful . easy to wipe down and i do not have to fight with my kid to get they to wear it . another great gift option . we use they for art and craft to cooking to play in the sink with rubber ducky . and of course , it be eco-friendly so totally safe for my kid and the environment .
516	Baby	POS	5	grandma be not ready to give up leather seating in she car and want something to protect the leather from damage when a booster seat be install . the prince lionheart two stage seat saver seem to be what i be look for . not only be it somewhat more rigid than other seat protector , but it come in tan so that it match my car 's interior . additionally , since i live in south texas , the lighter color be more desirable for purpose of keep the vehicle 's interior from get so hot . there should be no issue with the seat saver stain the lighter leather black as , base on reviewer ' comment , some other brand do . the prince lionheart two stage seat saver be easy to install . the base fill one of the back `` bucket '' seat ; the seat saver 's back need to have be about 4 '' longer to completely protect the booster seat back from come in contact with the vehicle 's seat . further , it would have be helpful if each side of the prince lionheart two stage seat saver have tab that extend over the seat back . that would have prevent the booster seat strap from digging into the vehicle 's seat when the booster seat be correctly install . because of the vehicle 's seat depth , the prince lionheart two stage seat saver 's front flap do not `` bend '' at the marked area , but still provide a bit of protection to the seat edge . have a little one who like to `` drum '' he foot make i appreciate this feature ; i do wish the flap have be a bit longer and have multiple groove for bend . there be no slide of the britax frontier 85 sict booster seat which be install on this seat saver ; the booster seat hold firmly in place . the backing on the prince lionheart two stage seat saver be a rubber-like mesh , similar to the material use to keep floor rug from slide . since i have not yet have the seat in place during one of we very hot texas summer , i do not know whether there will be a sticking problem . i will probably remove the booster seat during the summer unless we little one be visit so that i can avoid this potential problem . i would have rate the prince lionheart two stage seat saver a 4.5 , if that rating have be available . with the exception of the suggest change , i be very pleased with this product .
770	Baby	POS	5	these diaper cover be all they be crack up to be from the review i read before purchase . i have be use they for over a month now with bumkins\/bambino bamboo fit diaper -lrb- from -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- . it be a great combo . the thirstie 's cover be bright and wash well , hold they color . they be totally leak proof ; you just have to make sure to tuck they around the diaper around the waist . we have periwinkle , red , aqua and melon . all the color seem true to they depiction online . the orange one be a little bit bright though , kind of hunter orange rather than the tone down melon hue i expect . i order celery and lavender for my little niece and those be cute color , too .
812	Baby	POS	4	the product itself seem to be very good quality , but the non-slip gripping material on the bottom would have ruin we leather seat in the hot south texas climate . if the fact that the product be non-slip be in the description , i do not see it . product be return -lrb- i find out that return be very easy with amazon - ups pick up at my door -rrb- .
895	Baby	POS	5	my guy love 's he sleepsack . i be excite to find that they make bigger size so my man can keep use these . the fabric be so soft on this one . i really like the subtle design and unique color .
618	Baby	POS	5	with my first son , we buy a `` travel system '' stroller and car seat . as he get older i realize i avoid use the stroller b\/c it be large and heavy , and be not easy to fit into my trunk . i wish i have buy a stroller with the longer term in mind since the infant seat be use for only the first 9-12 month . by 7-8 month of age , baby can comfortably ride in a stroller without the infant seat . so , when i find out i be expect twin i be much pickier about the stroller we would buy . after look at ton of stroller , we settle on this one to use for they first year b\/c it be so lightweight and easy to use . it be as easy as can be to lift the light stroller frame out of the car , and snap the seat right into it . it swivel and steer as easily as i would expect any tandem stroller to . the only drawback be that it be difficult to access diaper bag in the bottom compartment when both baby seat be in the stroller . however , this have not hinder we from use this stroller frequently when we take the baby out on walk or shopping . i simply bring a large empty beach bag when shop with the baby alone , fill the bag as i shop , and have the cashier return my merchandise to the bag after i pay . it be enable i to get out of the house with the baby fairly easily to have this easy to use stroller . i highly recommend it . just a addition - my baby be now 8 month old and we just purchase the graco ipo twin as a lightweight stroller for 2 toddler . it be significantly lighter , smaller , and have a higher weight capacity for kid than many other twin stroller so this stroller frame definitely enable we to get a easier toddler stroller .
173	Baby	POS	4	it be a decent bottle dry rack , but be careful when place glass bottle on the little beam . i have the classic evenflo bottle -lrb- 8oz size -rrb- that i use only for warm milk . when i go to place one on this rack , it almost topple over -lrb- have nothing else on it originally -rrb- . after consistent use of place glass bottle on this rack , i can see the little beam wear out quickly and need to replace the rack . there be also no leverage to tilt the rack for drain water . i have have to place the include tray -lrb- show on product image above -rrb- to prop up the rack just enough that it 'll drain directly into the sink . i do not regret buy this rack , because i also purchase a oxo silicone dry mat to help with the work load . between all the anti-colic bottle piece -lrb- aside from the glass bottle -rrb- and breast pump piece i 'll be routinely clean , both item be a must have .
880	Baby	POS	4	the spoon arrive and look just like the picture . my cousin have not complain so they must be fine . my cousin would have tell i by now if they be not of good quality and defect free .
490	Baby	POS	5	i purchase this diaper cover because i be look for a one size alternative to the solid color cover . this be a adorable cover that work well on my very active toddler .
323	Baby	POS	5	i love the absorbancy of the terry cloth and they be bigger than traditional cloth . wish i have purchase more !
688	Baby	POS	4	forget to see the model , it can only be use for 3 month . but it be still very useful . it be very soft .
820	Baby	POS	4	the medium sleep sack be just what i need for the upcome fall night . pefect for over onesy or light pj . for some reason mine arrive and smell like gasoline . i have to wash it three time to get the smell out .
92	Baby	POS	5	buy this before baby have arrive for a friend and i be worry if it would be way too big or too small but fit he to a `` tee '' !
342	Baby	POS	5	we daughter rely on this mobile to fall asleep every night and at each nap time . even when she be fussy and fight sleep , the mobile almost always draw she in even when i expect she to know better than to fall for its mesmerizing power . and when she be playful and awake , she happily watch it , kick she leg , until she burn off she excess energy and doze off . it be almost like a friend to she , comforting she when she be leave alone to sleep . this past weekend we be away from home and be without the mobile for one of the first time in she life -lrb- she be 7 mo . -rrb- . it take hour to get she to sleep , despite be obviously exhaust and despite have a different soothing toy there with she . it be so obvious she be look for it whenever we try to lay she down . the night we get home , she be overtired but seem so relieved to be reunite with she mobile . she doze off without a peep . i guess the only downside be that obviously she might be too reliant on it , but if it mean have a baby go down easily on a regular basis , i be okay with that .
30	Baby	POS	5	i think these spoon would be good , for the price . these spoon be great , despite the price ! they hold a good amount of food . i do not have a issue with they be backend heavy . but i would change that the backend of the spoon be pointy -- my daughter love to put that side in she mouth & if we be not very diligent , poke herself in the back of the throat with it .
186	Baby	POS	5	these be so absorbant and i love the color & pattern available . they be a nice size but fold down to fit well into a diaper bag .
586	Baby	POS	5	these mitten be incredibly soft and the only one that would stay on my newborn 's hand ! my only regret be that i do not buy 2 pair for when one pair be be wash . definitely worth the money , and highly recommend !
211	Baby	POS	4	these be very thin bib . although they be reversible , when one side be soak ... you will not want to flip it over . i get they because they be not terribly expensive and i need about 20 bib for my little one to burn through in a week .
685	Baby	POS	5	i do not want to shell out hard earn dollar for the blanket which the baby would outgrow in a few month anyways . these be perfect for my summer baby . not very warm - perfect thickness and size . for the price i pay these be one of the best thing i buy for my baby .
104	Baby	POS	4	good price , clean easily , fold and store easily . the tray do not have a lip high enugh to stop food from hit the floor but we just use it as a booster for my 1 and 2 year old .
898	Baby	POS	5	my 15 mo . old fit great in the large . he be just over 31 " and can run around while wear the blanket , but there be still plenty of room for he foot to tuck in . he wear a long-sleeve shirt , pants , and sock to bed with this and sleep great . i be worry it would all be too warm , but that be not the case . love it !
0	Baby	POS	4	the gerber mitten you find in the store be too short and the wrist be too big . these give my son freedom to move he finger but do not fall off like the other . the wrist size be perfect and the fabric softness and thickness be great . my only complaint be that for something so simple and easy to make , they be not finish well . the serger string where just hang out . i tuck they in myself , fear that otherwise they could unravel . anyone with a serger could easily make these , but with a baby and another child keep i busy , i do not want to take the time -lrb- especially at this price point -rrb- . oh , and one of my bow fall off the first time they be worn , so we 'll see how they hold up .
556	Baby	POS	4	i be plan on buy sophie as my 4 month old girl 's first teether , but this be so cute and different , i go for it instead . she have a love\/hate relationship with it . i never know baby could have such a complicated relationship with a toy . sometimes she find the squeak hilarious and be totally engage . other time , it completely appal she . there be no tell when she 'll like it and when she will not , so i get it out often , and after i have shoo the dog away , give it a go . if you do have dog , make sure to keep this out of they reach always . i know if mine get a hold of it , it would be destroy in seconds because of the thin rubber . not that the thin rubber be a bad thing , since it be hollow , it make it very easy for we girl to hold , when she be in the mood .
98	Baby	POS	4	i buy this doll when my daughter be a year old and she like it ! it be very cute and soft , and have little ribbon tag on top of the pea pod and a orange ribbon tag on top of the head , like hair . the bottom of the pea pod have a little squiggly fabric-covered elastic thing . i can see younger child like those feature to chew on and touch . honestly , my daughter prefer she stuff animal to this doll , but she do carry it around once in a while and i have see she hug it . i rate it four star just because it be not she favorite toy , but the quality be excellent . it be a great toy if you child like doll !
591	Baby	POS	4	i love the fact that these bib help to keep milk out of my baby 's neck fold . i have be use it as a " underbib " to the larger waterproof bib when feed she cereal as well , and it really protect she clothing from get dirty around the neck . i just order more , because day care say that they love they as well . one disappointment that i have with this product be the velcro . it do not seal as well after be wash , and the scratchy side of the velcro have leave a rash on my baby 's neck . i wish that all velcro be the kind that do not feel rough if you rub you finger over it . i do not know what it be call , but some of the bib that we have receive use it , and it be fantastic ; do not cause the same issue that this standard velcro do .
97	Baby	NEG	2	everything else about this spoon i like , except the handle be heavier then the top of the spoon . so everytime you set the spoon down in a dish , it fall 's out . ususally land on to the floor and make 's a mess . would not buy these a again .
737	Baby	NEG	2	i be so excited to find this sleep sack and be so disappoint when it arrive . it be a great concept , but the sizing be ridiculous . i have a average 15 month old and this be humungous on he . there be absolutely no way he can walk around in this . this will not fit he for several month . so disappointed !!
168	Baby	NEG	1	i be very excite to get these bowl in the mail because they be so cute , and the concept of have a suction bowl be -lrb- and be -rrb- appeal to i . my son love the bowl right away , as he be able to reach into the bowl for some puff to feed himself instead of have to push the puff around the table until he could finally grab one in he finger . i would also like to add that he eat tofu cube for the first time out of this bowl and love they ! however , i be disappointed because the suction on the bowl do not work for more than a few seconds . i be constantly push the bowl back down , which be disruptive to he meal . despite some of happy memory i have have with this bowl , i would not recommend buy these bowl because as ` suction bowl ' they do not serve they purpose .
207	Baby	NEG	2	these be not soft . . also they do not soak properly ... i will not buy these again ... i realize later that since most part of the bib be embroidered , it be not functional as bib as the embroidered part do not soak well . .
653	Baby	NEG	1	my eight-month-old have be sit up and eat solid for several month now and , of course , he make a mess every time , since he be , well , eight month old . i get this bib , think it would be nice to have one i could just rinse off after feed he , rather than have to wash a bib every meal . unfortunately , the bibbity be \* ridiculously \* wide , to the point that he have a lot of trouble reach around it to get at he food . since we feed he a lot of finger food , this be a major deal-breaker . he get frustrated , and eventually just move the bib around so that he can use one arm properly , and then the pocket at the bottom be nearly perpendicular to the floor and most of he shirt be go to get food all over it . the little indent on the side for the arm be positioned approximately at the top of he shoulder , even when the neck of the bib be not touch he neck , which be not exactly what i would call `` useful '' . i be kind of astonished that it be so poor a fit ; he be eight month old , and wear 12m clothing -lrb- at 29 '' tall and 20lb -rrb- ! there be no way this would be a workable bib for a newborn ; i think it might work for he when he be 18 month , but certainly not now .
91	Baby	NEG	2	i honestly do not mind the size of these burp cloth , and i think the fabric on the back be cute and fun . the biggest disappointment be the way the terry cloth fabric on the front and the pink fabric on the back shrink at different rate . the terry do not shrink at all , but the pink shrink a ton , so they will not lie flat -- they look contorted and rumply . every time i pull they out of the dryer i try to grab the corner and stretch they back to what they should be , but it be not even close . they look so bad this way that i will not take they out of the house because they be embarrassingly misshapen . however , i still give this item 2 star because i only pay like $ 4 . xx for a pack of 4 burp , which be a fabulous price , and they be still useable even if they be ugly and contorted .
866	Baby	NEG	2	while the brush initially do a good job clean the bottle , the metal shaft that attach the sponge to the handle rust within a couple of week . it be a poor design -lrb- a baby product that be design to use wet should not rust -rrb- . i would not purchase again !
657	Baby	NEG	2	i buy this bib as i want another bib with ` food catcher ' and do not want to pay for another babybjorn one . it have be through the wash machine only on a couple of occasion as it have be mainly wipe clean and i be too find the backing on the bib be peel away . the variety of color be good but i wont be buy another one !
546	Baby	NEG	2	the photo of these shoe be so cute and classy , my mom and i decide to buy they for my twin for they riverside baptism . the shoe be be describe for use on newborn to infant . well my 7month old girl be small but they foot be bigger than newborn so we think we be safe . we pay barely anything for the shoe itself but quite a bit for shipping since we need to guarantee they arrive before the ceremony . they do arrive on time . but unfortunately , not only do they look absolutely nothing like the picture , they be way too big for they foot . they be make of stretchy material that do not retain shape and look much less classy . i give it a 2 star review because at least the shoe should be usable next year for fun as they seem to be at least well put together . wish the picture have match the actual product . thanks
504	Baby	NEG	1	my girl love a pacifer so we think this would be great for when she be teethe , well , needless to say she be teethe and the razbaby be far , far to big for she mouth . not sure how this have get any good review , it seem tremendously large for a 6 month old .
661	Baby	NEG	1	upon receive this organizer , i be first disappoint with the quality . the cover be a milky transparent plastic - similar to a tupperware container - more than a clear plastic which the picture indicate it would be . i read the box instruction on cleaning - `` dishwasher safe , top drawer only . '' pop it in the dishwasher to clean , and when the cycle be complete i reassemble the box . the top cover be warped and now the box can not seal properly , which be part of the reason why i buy this container . seem to i like i have some pricey junk on my hand .
579	Baby	NEG	1	i wish i have not spend money on these . they be cheap and do not hold up . please save yourself the frustration and buy higher quality bib . these only get 2-3 use . there be nothing water resistant about these .
648	Baby	NEG	1	great idea but wiggle everywhere when i attach the car seat . even the most strong carry on still can not make it stable enough
18	Baby	NEG	1	cute graphic . but so cheaply make after one wash the neck ribbing rip at the seam . do not waste you money .
522	Baby	NEG	1	i purchase this bib because the concept be great and the design be so attractive . but like other have say , only one side be laminate and so mold and stain develop and be impossible to get out . for a relatively pricey item , this be a huge disappointment . i have to toss it out and would not recommend it .
671	Baby	NEG	1	just like the other have say , the cushion on this potty get so nasty . it just absorb any fluid waste . just plain yucky . and you can not use the potty without the cushion ! i have try soak it in bleach water , but who want to do that every day ? the bleach break down the cushion make it feel sticky\/gummy . bad , bad , bad .
192	Baby	NEG	1	be excite for a good , well design brush ... the major flaw be the wire neck . when i try to clean the nipple with it , it bent 90 degree . useless .
43	Baby	NEG	1	the blanket be great . i buy multiple of it in various color and be impress with the quality of all of they . wash well with no shrinkage and hold the color . i highly recommend this item ... however , buy it from another storefront . after place my order i be send the wrong item . i contact the company and recevy no response day after day after day ... i finally have to contact amazon directly and they be the one who remedy the mix up . this great blanket be available elsewhere and that be where i suggest you buy it from .
328	Baby	NEG	1	these mitten last about half a day . they be soft , which might be the only plus . the elastic stretch out so quickly that the mitten do not stay on my son 's hand and he wind up scratch himself . originally i be worry the elastic would leave a mark on he since he be a big boy but that be clearly not the case . i do not recommend buy this product .
938	Baby	NEG	2	well . . as my title suggest . . they do not last nearly as long as the manufacturer suggest . i have have to replace this pad for my wipe warmer at least every thirty day . and even then , the pad be usually bone dry before then with brown spot all over it the pad -rrb- . which force i to throw away wipe that be near to the pad\/bottom although the wipe have not nearest the dry pad do not simultaneously dry out , who want to use brown wipe for they precious lo 's bottom ? -rrb- the warmer itself do it be job , but these pad need a bit of tweaking ! expect to change the pad every 3-4 week , not as the manufacturer suggest !
749	Baby	NEG	1	these be def . the worst burp pad i have ever come across . for starter , they be tiny -lrb- not to mention that they also shrink ! -rrb- . secondly , after one wash only , they look as if they have be use a million time . the material be horrible - rough , fade and not smooth - i can not even let my baby put he head over these thing . in all , this be a waste of money and i would stay clear of they .
532	Baby	NEG	1	i receive this bib and notice something be not right . instead of say " i love santa " the bib read " i love s n a " it be miss the red a and t !! apparently no one check the product before it be send ! i be return it obviously .
281	Baby	NEG	1	i wish i have read the one star review before i buy the spoon from amazon . the spoon will not work well with the dish washer . after a couple use , the soft tip melt and can not be use any more !!! end up throw all of they in the trash .
443	Baby	NEG	2	i buy these because i want something that look fun and kiddie and they be . just do not expect something big . these be more comparable to face towel and the stitch on the edge could be better . a lot of extra thread that i have to trim . because it be pretty small we use it more as bib when feed we daughter .
155	Baby	NEG	1	the sleep sack be way too large for a 22-28lbs baby . if you do buy this item by a size smaller or you will be dissapoint . a 4 yr old could fit a large !
44	Baby	NEG	1	i never feel comfortable nursing my baby ... physically comfortable . i always feel like he be sit too high or too low to be comfortable . i think there be just no happy medium and that maybe i be do something wrong . after visit my lactation specialist she have a nursing wedge that i use and suddenly it feel so much more relaxing . i be not strain to hold he head in position like i do with the boppy . it be firm and not pillowey where he would sink into it . but i do not want to ditch the boppy so quickly after just buy it so i stick it out for a few more month then eventually just start prop he up with pillow until it feel comfortable . next baby i be get the nursing wedge !
640	Baby	NEG	2	i buy this diaper cover to use with we cloth insert . after she pee , we have to change the whole diaper because she feel wet ! i will not be buy this product again .
992	Baby	NEG	1	i do not like this one it fall apart with in a week of we the bristle fall out so i have to go get another one i would not recommend it to no one its a waste of money sorry
240	Baby	NEG	1	i buy these base on all the detailed favorable review . i work overseas and use foreign brand previously . -lrb- `` popolini , '' a austrian brand , be we favorite for we first child , and we be still use some of they for # 2 . -rrb- however , in the country i be currently in there be no locally available option , so i order the thirsties from amazon . unfortunately , these leak terribly . with a newborn , they be good for about a hour at most . as soon as the diaper get damp , the trim on the thirsty wick moisture out and quickly saturate we son 's clothes . in other word , they be just about useless . we use the popolini liner we purchase three year ago . they be bulky , but the thirsties cover they fully with room to spare . i can not imagine that a different liner would work any better . in sum , the thirsty be of such little value to we that i be return they to amazon -- shipping overseas to do so .
21	Baby	NEG	2	while the sleep nest be nice and cozy , and nice to look at , there be a couple of thing about it that make i nervous . 1 : it off gas . the packaging it arrive in off gas a lot itself , so i imagine that the sleep nest absorb the plastic fume while it be sit in it . i wash the sleep nest once but it smell just as strongly . 2 : the arm hole be really large so the sleep nest have the potential to rise up and cover the baby 's face . i have no idea if this would happen or if it would matter for a older baby but my daughter move around a lot in she crib so after get a replacement from the company that have different packaging -lrb- and thus no off-gassing -rrb- , i still do not want to use the sleep nest . just a couple of thing to take into consideration !
324	Baby	NEG	2	the cloth use for this product be too stiff to be kid-friendly . even though it be absorbent , but it scratch baby 's neck area . would not recommend this for other parent .
934	Baby	NEG	2	i choose this pump by process of elimination base upon negative amazon review of other pump : - the medela have bad review indicate milk get in the tube , and a friend who have one confirm that this can happen . do not want to deal with this . - the ameda and equivalent lansinoh have negative review on a obnoxious beep sound during operation - this sound rather annoying . the avent pump 's negative review just seem like miscellaneous whining , or random malfunction -lrb- which can happen with any brand -rrb- . so i go for it . my wife be not thrill with the avent pump . the feature to customize the pump rhythm seem to be both unnecessary and a burden . she want to just turn the pump on and let it run , not mess with complicated control . once you mess with the adjustment once , you can never really get back to the factory setting . also , the pump be pretty loud -lrb- louder than the medela hospital grade pump we rent -rrb- . further , the pump be not compatible with the glass bottle i buy , and adapter be not available . we probably would have keep the pump , but it die in less than 2 week and 10 use . the pump simply do not pump anymore , and the internal be loose and rattle within the pump housing - something be break . send this back , will try the medela pump in style .
114	Baby	NEG	2	i order think baby bowl because there be so many good review about it and my 4 month old baby have start solid , plus it make from stainless steel and plactic free . i want to order the bowl and there be a `` add-on '' item which be the spoon and fork set . i think iam gonna give it a try , but once the item arrive i be so surpised on how small it be . if you put inside the bowl it will just drown in the bowl , the size of the spoon and fork be exactly as wide as the bowl 's diameter . . iam a tall woman with a long finger , it be very inconvenient for i to feed my son with this spoon . but the handle of the spoon be really soft for the baby and the spoon be deep enough for the little mouth . maybe i can keep it and give it to he once he reach 6 month old or so to feed himself . but this utensil be not make for parent who want to feed they baby , the size be ridiculously small !! but i love think baby bowl , i have 2 set of they , definitely gonna purchase it again in the future .
663	Baby	NEG	1	i think these be the same burp clothes i receive as a gift at my shower . these cloth be rough on the baby and not very big . i would not buy these again .
444	Baby	NEG	1	this product be a dissapointment . the motor work for about 15 minute , then die . the sound work fine , but fisherprice really drop the ball and use the cheapest , weakest motor they possibly could . this be a big waste of time and money on all side of the amazon equation . i will hesitate before ever buy a fisherprice item again .
918	Baby	NEG	2	be warn if you be buy this for a early teething baby . i buy this in advance for my little one , think that it would be a couple month until he need it . whoops , he start teethe just this past week at 3 1\/2 month . i get this out and he do not know what to make of it . it be too large for he mouth . he be use to a pacifier and try to suck on the razberry . then he spit it out or it fall out . although he be able to grasp & hold a rattle and throw it around , he do not have the manual dexterity necessary to help hold the razberry teether in he mouth for it to work . we try to hold it up for he , but he little tongue push it out . right now what be work be plain old teething ring directly from the freezer . we help he hold on to those and he 'll chomp on they for some time .
296	Baby	NEG	2	this bib be probably my least favorite and most seldom use . the `` special milk-catching design '' be just bulky under baby 's neck and do nothing to stop drip . the `` waterproof inner layer '' admittedly do save baby from get wet after one bottle malfunction , but it mean the bib feel kind of stiff . i be a lot happier with a thicker material bib instead that feel nice to touch and can be bent and fold as require . i would not recommend this to anyone .
974	Baby	NEG	2	i have buy several item from luvable friend and i will be honest to say i love they product . but these bib , although cute , be simply too small for we baby which be 5 month when we receive they . also the velcro part be too big and too rough .
637	Baby	NEG	1	this absolutely do not fit the chico keyfit 30 car seat . these car seat do not snap into the frame . do not waste you time purchase ! we have to return .
573	Baby	NEG	1	it seem that every time we thaw the milk in these bag they have a hole in they and we end up waste a lot of the milk . it sort of defeat the purpose of freezing the milk if you be go to lose half of it ...
991	Baby	NEG	1	it be too big and he end up gag on it . i be better off with he chew on he soothie pacifier . maybe eventually he will like it but for now he just get frustrated .
45	Baby	NEG	2	first of all , this tub be difficult to inflate . the instruction say you can blow it up by mouth , but that would take hour . we have two air pump , but neither one have the correct kind of fitting to match the valve on the tub . we eventually get the right kind of fitting and inflate it . we baby be very active right now and the bottom of the tub be extremely slippery . she be slide all over the place . she slip and fall face down in the water a couple of time . i grab she immediately and pull she out , but i do not think this be safe for active baby . we will not be use this tub .
11	Baby	NEG	2	i get these lock because i do not want my son pull all the stuff out of the kitchen cabinet all the time . but they would not work with the way we cabinet be build and when i put they in drawer , they be pretty easy to pull off with just the adhesive . and two break when unsuspecting relative give they a tug think something be stick in the drawer\/cabinet . i be impress by the mechanic of how they work , but in the end it be just easier to put the non-child-friendly item out of reach . however , if you have a drill and the time to put they with screw - and you cabinet have the right size lip inside and the drawer be snug , it might really be what you be look for . my advice - get a couple and see if they work before buy into the whole system , which be what i do .
848	Baby	NEG	1	for carter i expect better quality . the picture do not show how these burp cloth look like its gauze . the `` padded '' center feel like three layer of gauze . the material itself be very rough and do not seem like it will soften even if i wash it . just get these in the mail and be very disappointed and will be return . have purchase another set and it shrink and fade from the very first wash - a lot . so it look as if they have be wash over 100 time . i love carters , but i would never repurchase this item or recommend it . i just recommend save you money and just use the regular burp cloth . it do the same job .
606	Baby	NEG	1	i order this in the vanilla bean and it be scented and taste bad !! you can taste the scent ... i know because i `` chew '' on it ... no good !! i be so disappointed . however my 7 month old love it so i will be exchange this for a non-scented version . if not for the bad taste -lrb- and how can that be good for my child ?? -rrb- i would have give this 5 star .
828	Baby	NEG	1	the bowl be fine , but the suction do not work for even a minute on the smoothest plastic . definitely would not buy it again .
206	Baby	NEG	2	the stripe ruffle fabric around the blanket be very hard and not very comfortable for baby . even though this blanket match my baby 's crib bedding set , i have to return it and will buy something else more comfortable .
232	Baby	NEG	1	after view the picture , i be excite about this baby hat . the pom pom look very cute , and the hat be say to be make of wool . its name also suggest that it be come from korea . well , after wait for several week , i finally receive a small parcel with the sign `` china post '' on it . i open it , and there it be . the hat be cover in some white stuff , which i think be some packing fluff at first , but it turn out to be glue fiber . who on earth would glue pom pom on a baby hat ? and glue they so that the glue -lrb- it seem to be the type of glue one would use with a glue gun -rrb- would go through the `` wool '' and actually touch\/scrape the baby 's head ? also , there be nothing here to suggest that it be , indeed , make of wool . i be extremely disappoint in this product and will try to return it , though if i be to pay for return shipping to china , i guess it stay with i . just look at the picture that i take of this hat , and do not bother order it . update : after contact the company about a refund , i promptly receive they reply with a apology for the low quality of this product , and they refund i money that i pay for the hat -lrb- but not the shipping cost -rrb- .
143	Baby	NEG	2	i do not like this cloth at all . it be so thin that i be not go to take a chance & use it as a burp cloth and ruin my clothes . i buy this a while ago & still have not use it yet . i would only use it to sop up drool .
348	Baby	NEG	1	there be no way to mark the correct position of both piece so they would fit together properly . after ruin one piece by put it in the wrong position , we put mask tape on the back of it to line it up with the second piece . that work as a trial -lrb- and something we should have do first -rrb- but when both latch and catch be properly line up , the door would not unlock , as the cabinet door be evidently too thick , although the writeup say the lock would work on door up to one inch ... we give up , think about screw they on , but decide it be not worth the trouble . if you want to use the magnetic lock , be sure you cabinet door be less than one inch thick . a waste of money on we part . tome
113	Baby	NEG	2	i love the pattern of this onesie but be really disappoint in the quality of the material when it arrive . for the price -lrb- not cheap -rrb- , i expect the material to be softer . the material be rough .
248	Baby	NEG	2	as a swim diaper , it work pretty well . cut really wide at the crotch though . what i really do not like be that there be no laundry tab so either you have to keep the tab close across the front and it can not open up to get clean or it stick to everything .
310	Baby	NEG	2	really want to like theses : -lrb- ... but they be just too tight for my baby 's chunky little knee ! probably would be great for a baby with small leg
432	Baby	NEG	1	i buy this because the size and shape look great for my then-toddler daughter , and i like that it have a hole for the car seat buckle to go through . however , the first road trip we use this on my daughter leak through she pull-up and through this allegedly `` waterproof cushion . '' what a mess , and it be not fun to deal with clean up a wet car seat cover when we be on the road . this seat cover be definitely not waterproof at all - i be so mad it be advertise as such and to have waste my money on it . we have piddle pads instead , and while they be not perfect -lrb- the one we have do not have a hole for the car seat buckle so you have to position they carefully as you be buckle in you child -rrb- , i can definitely say that they be waterproof and have save we numerous time from have to disassemble the car seat and wash the cover . so i would recommend the piddle pad over this product in a heartbeat . i see there be now a deluxe piddle pad that look larger than what i currently have , and it also have a hole for the car seat buckle -lrb- perhaps help it stay in place more easily ? -rrb- ... i will be buy one of these deluxe piddle pads to try it out !
250	Baby	NEG	1	i use this item daily to dry my bottle , but that be about it . bottle storage . it be super flimsy and even with the plastic bottle it knock around easily . also , the `` spin '' part of it , well , i just do not really call that spin . it be easier just to pick it up and turn it impo . this be one of the few item i will probably toss out after my son be out of bottle and just get something better next child .
700	Baby	NEG	1	this bib be way rougher than it look ... almost feel like someone go over the fabric with a knife and make it shabby ... in the picture it look like it be a sort of spandex or wetsuit fabric which be what i be expect . for the price , i wouldnt recommend to anyone . im return this on monday
793	Baby	NEG	2	the bump on the bottom of this tub that be suppose to prevent the baby from slip down -lrb- he leg straddle it -rrb- , not only do not in fact prevent slippage in the least , but once baby slip , he back be now roll over this hard plastic bump ! although baby do not complain , it be hard for i to hold he in place so that he do not slip down . wish the bump be much higher or not there at all . not a good purchase .
370	Baby	NEG	1	we get this as a gift for we daughter , who be only 16month , but be show sign of interest in potty training because we be train she older brother . after month of trial we have finally have some success with he on the  fisher-price precious planet froggy friend potty  now that he finally get it , but still need a potty chair , we think we would introduce she to she own chair , and the 3-in-1 be what be give to we . we keep he out and portable , but keep this one in the bathroom since it double as a step-stool for hand-washing . that be about all it be good for , at least for a boy . the few time we have use it for he , the shield be basically useless for he . he have to lean forward and really hold still to keep it under the shield . and when he do get the stream under the shield , it just end up all go under the cushy seat , and soak in like a sponge . the opening in the seat be very small , and hard to keep both front and back part of a boy over . so if # 2 be not directly in the center of the seat of the bowl , and the seat be a sponge , it be pretty hard to get clean out . at least not in a timely matter of `` yay ! success ! '' then wash hand , dance and reward the training toddler . you 'll have to come back later -lrb- after just a few minute -rrb- and clean it , but hopefully fast enough that the mess have not all absorb into the sponge . maybe it 'll work better for we daughter , who be smaller and do not need to worry about a shield guard . but for boy , get a different potty chair .
616	Baby	NEG	1	i be sit at work pump as i write this ... just like other reviewer i have have problem with milk in the tubing since day one . i `` m currently on my third set of tubing in the past 4 month . i have call medela several time a they be completely unhelpful . they tell i basically just wash out the tubing which be nearly impossible . they tube always look cloudy and gross . i do not want to wash the tubing i want my breast milk to go into the container not the tubing that be why i pay $ 300 for this thing . my hospital have a lacatation boutique i call there to make a appointment to see if it be a `` i '' problem . when i go they say `` its not you at all there be a defect in the pump it happen all the tim '' then they hand i a new set of tubing for $ 16 and say goodluck . i guess since there be not too many option to choose from medelum do not care about fix this problem . but its gross and unhygenic ...
642	Baby	NEG	1	when i first start use cloth wipe , i only have a toddler and be use they infrequently . after one week i notice a burnt smell and find my pad have brown dry spot on it . once i have a newborn and be use wipe regularly again , i give it another try . first , i wipe down the inside of the warmer in case that be the problem . the pillow last a little longer this time until i notice a funky smell on my wipe . now on my third pillow , i have be flip it every day and add more water ever 2-3 day . it be still develop a funky smell . ugh . i be go to use the warmer without it as reviewer have suggest and see what happen . to be fair , we have hard water and we have the same problem with we humidifier filter . no matter how often i flip they , replace the water , or clean the humidifier , they get crunchy and gross quickly . -lrb- that be , until i discover the antimicrobial solution you can add to they . i wish there be something like that for these . -rrb-
599	Baby	NEG	1	i think this stroller would be great for my twin daughter . i figure it would be great to easily take they from car seat to stroller , when need . i love the bucket style carrier , but this stroller base be a pain . the worst part so far have be the wheel . while build it , i have to call and replace a faulty one . since use it , the wheel near the handle have get severely wobbly . i have to call after a few week of use to get they replace as well . basically , i have replace 3 of the 4 wheel in a month of use -lrb- and before use -rrb- . also , when i fold it , the wheel swivel and make it impossible to lock at time . while folding and unfold , the canvas strap get catch constantly , so it be not quick and easy to fold and unfold . push this bulky stroller be a major chore . beyond the difficulty in turn such a long stroller -lrb- which come with the twin territory -rrb- , it be heavy and the wheel seem overly tax . my jogging stroller be a thousand time easier to push . i wish there be another , possibly more expensive but better build double carrier snap stroller on the market , and i would buy it in a second .
471	Baby	NEG	2	agree with all the other poster ... this spoon have some serious design issue . it be the right length and the spoon size be just right for a small mouth , but , the handle end be too heavy \* and \* it be round so you can not rest it on or in a bowl without it flip out or roll over\/out . nor can you rest it on a table w\/o it roll over . it be really really # $ @ ! % \* frustrate as it be something that i never remember to not do and so i would have spoon fall on the floor all the time . i do not know why they design it to be like a toothbrush -- what purpose do that serve ? all they have to do be make the back side of the handle part flat and use less plastic . problem solve . the sad thing about this be that there be not any other spoon be make out there that be this size , so you have no choice but to buy this one . i could not wait until we could use regular teaspoon .
428	Baby	NEG	2	i buy this after my second child be bear to protect we car 's seat from the child seat . i have the original thin prince lionheart from my first child and love it . this one be so bulky with the build in lip that it get in the way of anyone have to sit next to it in the car . also , the two part design cause so many problem as it constantly come undo cause the top portion to slip down -lrb- thus defeat the purpose of protect the seat -rrb- . it do catch spill , but the original thin seat saver do too and actually do a better job . i have just recently move the original one under my younger child and discard this one altogether . i will look for something else to put under my older child 's seat . i do not recommend this product .
902	Baby	NEG	1	now that i have have this bib for a bit i hate it ! the neck be too big , it do not adjust well , and worst of all there be some sort of stabilizer or something on the back side that be peel off . its a huge mess and i worry that one of the kid will eat some of it as it fall off . i probably wash it wrong or something , but seriously , its a bib , one that get use everyday -lrb- or use to -rrb- i need to be able to wash it in hot water .
979	Baby	NEG	1	sure , these be nice and soft and highly attractive like all other aden and anais product . they might even work for a moderate drooler . but my son be a heavy drooler . they end up soak through entirely -lrb- and through the entire front of the onesie -rrb- within a hour . i be not sure how that be even possible as he go through maybe 3-4 green sprout semi-waterproof bib per day -lrb- or , 5 luvable friends bib -rrb- . these bib be the opposite of waterproof . they soak up so much spit and help to transfer the wetness directly onto the shirt below , leave baby 's chest all wet - while the bib feel only half wet . for the same cost or less , i wish i have get ten more green sprouts bib instead ... really wish these work , have high hope for they but now i definitely will not be purchase any more .
58	Baby	NEG	1	i wish this seat have be test and revise before final production because it could be a great car seat . instead , the way that it fit into the seat as a rear face seat make it impossible to adjust the tightness of the strap , which equal a unsafe fit for you child . very disappointed . it may be different as a forward face seat , but that do not help we or own 6 month old . as insult to injury , the instruction be clearly -lrb- very poorly -rrb- translate from a foreign language , which make it impossible to understand . you basically just use common sense to get the seat latch because the direction make no sense . this be a huge hassle and i plan on return it immediately .
6	Baby	NEG	1	i be give a double snap-n-go stroller as a baby gift from a relative . after two use , the stroller break and will no longer fold down . not only be i strand in a parking lot when the stroller break , but i have be unable to use the stroller -- and thus , unable to leave the house with my newborn twin - for ten week while i have go back and forth with baby trend 's customer service department . the baby trend customer service department have have i disassemble the stroller three time ... take and email two picture of the broken stroller ... i have have 3 + phone conversation with 4 different customer service rep ... i have wait a total of ten business day for two different box that be send to i -- neither of which be large enough for the stroller . all the while , i be a mother of four child under 4 year of age . they have be completely unreasonable in what they have ask i to do ... the latest request be to wrap the stroller in a black garbage bag to send it back to they ... something that fedex highly discourage -lrb- and say there will likely be damage to the stroller -rrb- . i have literally miss out on many family experience due to this broken stroller and baby trend 's refusal to remedy this issue . we can not take out twin out of the house without a double stroller - and unfortunately , we make the mistake of get a baby trend product . do not make the mistake of buy this product . the only thing worse than the quality of the product be the level of customer service you will get from baby trend .
958	Baby	NEG	1	if i have see this outfit , i would not have buy it . there be a flimsy element that be not detectable in the picture .
727	Baby	NEG	1	i wrongly assume that if this company would not allow i to select a color , at least they would send a gender neutral color ? not the case , i receive pink for my son . green , orange , yellow , red ... all acceptable color for both little boy and girl . i would not recommend . update : the lens pop out after the 2nd wear . terrible product that be not even worth the $ 7 i pay .
73	Baby	NEG	2	very cute bib but very small and short and incredibly thin . bib be way too short for a six month old , would fit a newborn . will be return this item .
187	Baby	NEG	2	i purchase the j.i.p. photo print bib , camera and gifted it to my husband during we baby 's shower . he be quite the photographer . thus , this definitely get the `` aww '' from everyone at the event . pro : large size - this be long and wide , which be great at baby 's fourth month , the peak of they projectile spit up . quality bib - the green portion of the bib look and feel very durable and of quality . after several wash , it be still look near new . con : loud color - it do not easily blend with baby outfit , unless they have a bright avocado-colored shirt . cheap iron-on - it should be say that this be handwash only . otherwise , it shrink on the fabric or peel off .
267	Baby	NEG	2	have i write this review before this past weekend i would have give this pack-n-play 5 star . we have have one of these for a little over 2 year and be completely happy with it until now . this past weekend a small plastic piece in the folding mechanism on the bottom of the play yard fail . graco be unable or unwilling to sell a replacement part and they have say there be nothing they can do . the customer service rep -lrb- contact via email -rrb- be pleasant enough and give we a rebate form which be good for $ 40 . i do not know if we will spend almost $ 200 -lrb- again -rrb- for a `` premium play yard '' that wont last .
65	Baby	NEG	1	great idea but will not suction to we wood table or formica counter top . only suction to smooth plastic top of highchair . and have to resuction to highchair several time during meal .
920	Baby	NEG	2	i have be use this pump for over 8 month now . the only thing i like about this product be maintain my milk supply . i have use other product but its not as efficient . i be close to exclusively pump since the 4th month and i pump about 7 to 8 time per day and it break down on the 7th month . customer service do promptly replace the product without too much trouble . however , when i question about the milk get into the tube , they just say , `` its ok '' you just sterilize it and disregard if its clouded . i really doubt this one as its very impossible to thoroughly sterilize the tube . so , i have to buy replacement tube so often . i could have buy a better kind with all the money i spend from replacement tube . it have soo many part too that you need to wash every use . i guess there be other type that be fewer part to wash after each use .
472	Baby	NEG	1	i do not know if you have to super-mommy-sens to make head or tail of this product , and i certainly do not have any . i be fully confuse with this installation . the instruction be very inadequate , only a few word and rudamentary picture on the back of the small packaging - not to mention that the most of the instruction be cover in a sale sticker , thus render they completely useless . i end up with bit and peice that i simply could not figure out at all , and a very ` rig ' installation . boo . hiss .
607	Baby	NEG	1	i buy this before my baby be bear , she be now 5 month old . the blanket be more like a handkerchief , very small . the booty , well , they be baby booty so obviously they do not stay on she foot , but that be just the nature of baby footwear . the onesie be cute , but they say it be a 0 to 6 month , and it really be a chubby 6 month . if you baby be not chubby it will look ugly until she be 6 month . that be if it last until then ... because it be so big -lrb- baby bear at barely 8 pound and over 20 inch -rrb- she do not start wear it until she be about 3 month old . after 3 day one of the button break , after another 2 day the mesh on the inside of the embroidery -lrb- suppose to protect from scratchy thread -rrb- come off . i love the bird on the onesie , but not worth the price and the poor quality .
680	Baby	NEG	1	although these burp cloth look cute , please save you money . they be small , scratchy and have a strange chemical odor that do not come out even after soak and wash in dreft multiple time . even my husband pick up on the odor , and he have a poor sense of smell . he tell i to throw they away . you do not want you little one 's face on these burp cloth .
254	Baby	NEG	1	i have to say , i be so excited to see these online . they have some super cute vibrant color option , which be very entice to i . however , when they arrive i be extremely disappoint in the quality of the sewing . they have several loose thread , and two side be poorly surge together in a very cheap manor . so not worth the price they be charge .
5	Baby	NEG	1	i buy this pump because the hospital say it be a great brand to buy . i be ready to throw it out the window . it start out you set you speed which be fine , but then part way through pump it will change the setting on you to either way to hard and it hurt very much , my nipple have come away raw from this dang machine , or it will go too light to the point where no milk even come out . it also do not pump both side equally . it will do the side that i put the main pump on -lrb- the one that you set it with -rrb- really good but then the other side wont hardly do it at all . i can be at 3 ounce on the one side and only have like 1\/2 a ounce on the other . i would never buy this stupid machine again . it be not worth the money !!!! by the way this be jared 's wife : -rrb-
897	Baby	NEG	1	i buy these for my soon to be newborn and i wash they before put they away and they have shrink up and shrivel i guess you would say . not really pleased . probably will not buy anything else of this brand .
814	Baby	NEG	1	i buy this potty chair because the description on the box make it seem like a good one . however the blue sit do not attach to the chair and just sort of sit on top , so if you have a whiggler , it will move . my son be very uncomfortable with it .
54	Baby	NEG	1	i do not understand why anyone like the boppy for nursing . i be a pretty small woman -lrb- about a size 8 -rrb- and i find that the donut-hole in the middle be so small it buckle in the front when i try to put it around my waist . not only that , but it really need to sit around the hip in order to be low enough to rest the baby on -- and that never work , it just keep ride up to my waist . and because it be so round and puffy , i have to use just as much muscle to keep my baby from roll away from i as i would have to hold he up ! i toss it in the closet and use regular bed and couch pillow instead . also , i could not use it in any chair with arm -lrb- like a rocker or a dining-table chair because the big fat arm of the boppy get in the way of the arm of the chair .
88	Baby	NEG	2	i order this as a gift but return it . it say 0-6 month , but it be quite large . it be not very pretty and look cheap .
453	Baby	NEG	1	not sure how this even have the word `` bounce '' in the name . it do not even come close to bounce . we order this for my eight month old , and it arrive yesterday . we assemble it and instantly decide it be go back . here be the issue : 1 -rrb- low quality part do not fit together well . some be so tight it be impossible to get they assemble , other be so loose the baby himself could have dismantle they . 2 -rrb- base be rocky and unsteady 3 -rrb- seat say it be `` adjustable '' but really the way it adjust be the crotch portion be make shorter -lrb- as oppose to the leg extend -rrb- . all this do be move you baby up in the seat and make it easier for they to fall out . 3 -rrb- this do not `` break down for easy storage '' . once we decide it be go back , we disassemble it . it take two adult atleast 30 minute to get this thing apart -lrb- see bullet one -rrb- . 4 -rrb- no bounce . not even close . the goofy little `` bounce pad '' be just a plastic circle with some rubber band in it to give it a little `` give '' . there be no bounce go on with this toy .
404	Baby	NEG	1	i hate these bowl . i be go to return they . the lid be super hard to get off and the suction do not work at all ! sometimes i can get the bowl to stick for a matter of seconds , and i can not get they off . then my son reach over and pull they off with no effort at all . if these be wash in the dishwasher and the suction cup be touch anything during the dry cycle , it will become deform and ruin any chance you ever have of it suction . i would not recommend these to anyone .
846	Baby	NEG	1	i place a order for two large halo sleepsack and two x-large one . receive the large one and they be great , however the xl sacks be xs sacks in xl packaging . i email the vendor twice with no response . the sleepsacks be great , but the vendor be horrible .
984	Baby	NEG	2	this seat get point for comfort . my son would not sit on a hard seat . however , i just go to clean the cushion ring . it be full of ammonia from the urine . i can not get it out . my son have a rash on he bottom . i think it be from the disinfect cloth that i be use to wipe down the seat and potty . turn out he be get a ammonia burn ! gadzooks ! why be the ring not impermeable to liquid ??? i be throw it away . we 'll switch to a vinyl soft toilet-mounted seat .
972	Baby	NEG	2	i buy three of these for my new granddaughter . i have something similar for my kid when they be baby , call pelican bib , and they be awesome , so i do not hesitate to order these . they be a major disappointment . this bib be way too short , so it be always in the wrong place at the wrong time . we try one a couple of time , hope it would work , two of they we never use , and now they be all go to salvation army . the design be a great idea , but this particular interpretation miss the mark .
466	Baby	NEG	2	i purchase these pants so i could take my baby in the pool without have to worry about special waterproof diaper . these pants do not work for the purpose that i purchase they for so i can not really rate these for they correct usage . if you be look for alternative cover for swimming or water play , these be not the answer .
957	Baby	NEG	2	but my seven month old daughter hate it . she get so overheate , and it be only november . i can not imagine use this in hot weather . i finally just find a 100 percent cotton long sleeve bib from etsy . this will not be use . what a waste of $ 30 dollar .
304	Baby	NEG	2	portability , i give a 5 ! but the suction noise be extremely loud , my boyfriend even ask if there be a additional knob to turn the volume down lol . the suction be pretty good , though . even so , it seem to give out after 20minute . it be not that many part , but there be a little blue piece that you have to make sure not to lose , it be essential to the pump . . but they include a spare .
447	Baby	NEG	1	i buy this for we joovy ergo caboose and it do not fit -- perhaps there be fine print in the literature state as much , but wish i have know before i go to the trouble of order it . look like a nice organizer -- too bad it be go back to amazon , and i be go back to the draw board .
355	Baby	NEG	1	so so mad because the monitor break after 10 day use . i have to wait another 6 day to get the medela pump from amazon to send home . my child have to eat formulum and express milk for 6 day . more stress and more tire for a new mom like i because of the unreliable machine . will not recommend this product .
190	Baby	NEG	2	in general , i love aden + anai . i have they burp cloth and swaddle blanket , and i have be very happy with both , so this sleep bag seem like a perfect purchase for the summer . however , after just two or three use and two wash , i find a giant hole in the bottom where the fabric have pull apart at the seam . the muslin itself pull apart -- not the seam -- so it be hard to fix with a sew machine . at the time i use this , my baby be almost seven month old but not yet roll around a lot when she be in the crib , so she do not subject the bag to any abnormal wear and tear . the four layer version might be sturdier , but also heavier for the summer . we live in a temperate climate without air conditioning , so have a light bag for the summer be important . unfortunately , though , the single layer of muslin do not stand up to any use .
27	Baby	NEG	1	my son be very skinny and only 23 lb . i measure he and he should have easily fit in the small size . unfortunately , even on the largest snap , the smalls cut into he skin on he leg . i order the mediums and they be still tight on he skinny leg . to add to the problem , the two time he have pee in they , they have completely leak all over he pants . we have now spend $ 80 on pants that do not fit and do not work . i highly do not recommend .
257	Baby	NEG	2	that be essentially because the only thing hold it to the car seat be the pass-through for the buckle between the leg , so it tend to rotate around that point . i do not know why they do not cut slit on the side for the waist belt to pass through .
726	Baby	NEG	1	so i be currently take care of my 4th kid so i know a few thing about freezing milk . we have pack a freezer full of milk for 4 kid now over the past several year . problem with these bag - when dunk a bag of frozen breast milk into hot water to thaw it out - the bag rip - a small hole will inevitably leak out milk . its happen about 70 % of the time out of the last 30 bag i have have to thaw . absolutely ridiculous . how hard can it be to make a milk storage bag ? the plastic need to be thicker .
311	Baby	NEG	2	i be disappoint that this do not fit my active bjorn better . it also have a rough feel to it . it honestly work better just to put he in a bib and then tuck it into the front .
602	Baby	NEG	2	we originally buy this potty chair because of the padded seat , think it would be great for we toddler . we be so wrong about it ! my toddler enjoy sit on it , that be not the problem ... the problem be , after 4 day of use this chair , it have develop a horrible urine smell ! the foam-type seat absorb the urine that spray , and alot of it will collect right under the seat so you have to clean it real well ! i like the concept of the seat , but the foam padding really suck and we waste money on this seat and will be get a new one .
336	Baby	NEG	2	wayyyy over price ! should have just use a cloth diaper tuck in . material be kinda rough . small and skimpy . but do do the job . would not purchase again . two do come in a pack , but for $ 16 it should be 6 !
379	Baby	NEG	2	this item be over price . how can you expect anyone to pay that much for a child item which they grow out of so quickly . i think it should be in the $ 20 price range .
184	Baby	NEG	1	i can not get these bowl to stay suction onto we highchair tray for longer than 1 minute . i have try make sure the tray be perfectly clean & smooth , wet the bottom suction cup , etc. , but nothing will keep it on . my son do not even try to lift the bowl and it pop up and move around while he be try to eat . once even pop up before anyone have touch it at all ! if you want bowl that actually stay suction on , i would suggest the similar `` sassy '' bowl set that also have lid . they design have a removable suction cup that fit all three bowl . i think it work better because the suction cup be all one piece of flexible rubber and be not join to the hard plastic bowl like the munchkin set be .
878	Baby	NEG	1	these blanket be so thin and they look really cheap . i guess someone could use they for burp clothes instead .
635	Baby	NEG	2	these bowl be a good size for my son -lrb- 10 month when i buy these -rrb- -- the large one for meal , smaller for snack . but the lid be very hard to get on and off and the suction take he all of about 10 seconds to get loose . not so great .
670	Baby	NEG	2	i want to love the baby soy gown but they do not fit well . my newborn be totally average size . she be 7lbs 2oz at birth and 21 " . these gown fit she for a week -lrb- she be 7lb at she 5 day pediatrician visit -rrb- . the gown be very short and way too tight at the bottom . also , the hand opening be tiny , which make get baby into these a real pain . i be disappointed because the fabric be so soft and the design be adorable .
345	Baby	NEG	1	this product should be recall . it be sell base on the premise of reduce sid by use it as a blanket . my husband and i be horrify to check on we child in the middle of the night -lrb- we movement monitor even beep to say he have stop breathing -rrb- and see all this material bunch up around he face !!! i be angry , and feel guilty for trust the claim of this product . -lrb- i just see that two other reviewer say the same thing on other color version of this same product -rrb- . i love the idea of this combo sleepsack\/swaddle . however , it be easy for a child to work his\/her finger out at the bottom of the swaddle arm - at least it be for we child . if you child can break out of other swaddle -lrb- which most of my friend kid can -rrb- then do not use the swaddle part of this blanket ! how do be get mess up ? i put we child in the sleepsack\/swaddle a second time so i could watch -lrb- supervise -rrb- how the material end up bunch up . even with a tight swaddle , and the swaddle arm velcro would as low as they will go on the back of the sleepsack ... if the child bend they leg up at all , they finger can start to feel the bottom of the swaddle arm . then , the baby can work they finger and arm out from the bottom . the result be that the swaddle part bunch up around they neck and face -lrb- even with the little tab in the back secure -rrb- . recommendation : halo should add velcro and\/or snap on the front of the swaddle arm to attach it to the sleepsack to keep it in place . use the `` swaddle i '' blanket instead for a safer swaddle option . there be less material , and the baby 's leg actually pull down on the swaddle , so it keep any loose material away from baby 's face if the baby manage to break out . -lrb- with this halo sleepsack\/swaddle , the baby 's leg do not help pull down on the swaddle arm -rrb- .
766	Baby	NEG	1	i own one of these sleep sack for my infant son , and i love they so much i decide to order one through amazon . i do not know if the stock be different , but the medium that i order be way too small . my son be 16 pound and i can barely loop he arm through the arm hole . he be a pretty lean baby , so i doubt that body shape be a issue . besides , the other one that we have -lrb- and that we order through a different site -rrb- be great -- there be still room for he to grow into it , which be how it should be , consider that the weight range be intend to be from 15-24 pound . it be too bad , because we really like aden + anai in general .
430	Baby	NEG	1	i have buy 2 of these bib , and have only have a problem with the polka dot pattern one . the instruction say they be machine washable , but the print start come off after i hand wash it with regular dishwashing detergent . then , the wash machine take the rest of the color off the bib . it be effective at keep the baby clean and i be always surprise at how much food be catch in the front pocket , but , for the price , i would expect it to stay look new as well . i have have it replace twice now , and will just get a refund this time . this do not happen with the flower pattern .
20	Baby	NEG	1	these bib have poor quality snap apply to they . they be difficult to get undo and within 1 week of use the snap break on 1 of the bib . the next one break a week later .
242	Baby	NEG	1	horrible , the back be not at all like the package or the image shown-it be sharp edge and ridged and do not stay up in any way
768	Baby	NEG	2	my baby enjoy this mobile . there be a period -lrb- when he be 2-3 month old -rrb- when he would stop cry and kick excitedly whenever we place he in he crib and turn the mobile on . but after about 3 month of not-too-heavy use , the motor start make a whir noise , and would struggle to turn . we replace the battery several time -lrb- which do not fix the problem -rrb- , and decide to put up with the whir noise and the slowness . it finally stop turn at all after 6 month . i disassemble it , and find that it be cheap plastic construction , which rely on a thin rubber band to rotate the whole assembly . i clean the plasticky gunk from the belt-wheel -lrb- another plastic piece -rrb- , but shortly after be reassemble , the mobile slow down again . it be go in the trash .
699	Baby	NEG	1	this product be gross . as state in other review , the seat be a sponge . doesnt not work well for a boy at all ! absorb all the urine that touch it and you can not wash it in any way ! i always wash my son immediately after use and this still didt keep it `` clean ''
709	Baby	NEG	1	this be a crappy junk chair !!! make cheap and be too low to fit onto the chair ... so if you be think of take the tray off and put it up to you table ... do not bother with this one . . you get what you pay for and the reason this be cheap be because it be a cheap seat !!
631	Baby	NEG	2	i be hope that these would be thicker . they be super thin ... much thinner than a cheap hotel washcloth . i think i 'll be better off folding a burp cloth over the bjorn front flap so we little one can chew on it without the saliva soak through . i be expect the bib to be more substantial than this , especially for the price .
297	Baby	NEG	2	i love the idea of this teether . unfortunately , i be not sure if i should we it . i just get my order from ups . i sterilize the raz accord to the instruction on the package . i put it in boil water for 5 minute . cool and inspect . the glue or adhesive that hold the ring part to the raz part melt away and the ring part be break off . very upset . i would have sanitize in the dishwasher , but i be in a hurry to give to my baby . a flimsy product .
695	Baby	NEG	1	the back doe peel off of these bib . we wash all of we bib in a mesh bag to keep they from stick to clothes . this one peel after one wash . what a waste ! we 'll stick with pricier bib that do what they be suppose to and do not leave little bit of plastic on my infant .
341	Baby	NEG	1	i buy these because of the price and you be get a 3 pack . you pay for what you get . we daughter be 5 month and soak through she diaper each time that we use these . i highly recommend the thirsty hemp liner double pack . those liner really absorb and you wlll have less laundry do to leakage .
417	Baby	NEG	1	absolutely awful ! i buy these because i could not find anymore at the store . i love the design ; it be cute and not full of today awful cartoon character . i even think it be nice that i get 8 bib instead of 6 . after one wash , 4 of the bib be rip at the neck line . and 1 completely destroy . i never even get to use they . i be highly disappointed !!
457	Baby	NEG	1	this pump be pretty terrible . some people like it , and for some people it work for a week or a month before give up the ghost . maybe evenflo have poor quality control standard , but mine do not even work once . i get barely anything , and it pinch painfully to boot . i use a medelum until the motor finally give out -lrb- it be a hand i down -rrb- , so it be not like i have never pump before . complete waste of money , as it sound like you be just roll the dice on if you get a good one or not .
905	Baby	NEG	1	i order this item over a month ago ... i be still wait for it !!! i know once i receive the product , we will love it , i have have they before , but i have never have anything take this long !!!
