index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
693	GPS	POS	5	came in time for christmas ! do not include trail software , though . that must be purchase separately .
826	GPS	POS	5	simple , inexpensive but well make thin case . will perfectly fit , protect and help you carry around you 5 inch garmin nuvi . deliver quickly . highly recommend .
151	GPS	POS	5	i have a magellan previously but the screen on this unit be much larger and easier to view when drive .
255	GPS	POS	5	vacation in va beach be great ! my garmin 1350 do not let we down . take we be we want . save time . make it fun to travel without the frustration of try to get diresction . i would recommend this product unit to anyone . 1350 , portable gp be really amazing . good price for what you get .
606	GPS	POS	4	buy this for my son , who be head off to college . work great . any change to trip have it quickly recalculate the new route . i feel better know that he will not get lose and feel helpless while try to become accustomed to he new home away from home . would have give five star , but it do seem to have a harder time locate a satellite in the city . could have be all the tree .
728	GPS	POS	4	we gamin nuvi gps seem like a slightly imperfect but quite wonderful personal angel up in the satelite look out for we . the instruction for set up be easy to understand and follow , e , g , change mile to kilometer , change time from cst to est. . the actual plot of a route be amazing and probably accurate . because of ` local ' knowledge , we ` disobey ' twice to take a short cut , and the instrument very patiently recalibrate its direction . so far its be just fun .
202	GPS	POS	5	this be my second gp . my first be a magellan also , which i be very happy with . now a couple of year later , i decide to upgrade to the larger screen as it be easier to see . upon read other review , i find it be recommend for large car , suv 's , and truck . i have a 1998 toyota camry , which have a small dashboard . i measure ahead of time to make sure it would fit . and it do , snuggly , but that be all that matter ! i also purchase the 3 side bean bag weight to set it on which do not add any bulk . right now it touch my windshield , but it be on the dashboard just far enough back to not fall off . i can not say enough about the size of the display ! yes , it be large , but hey , when you get to be a senior with trifocal , the larger the screen , the better ! and the display switch to night vision which light up in mostly black and white and be easy to read at night . i would highly recommend this gp to anyone consider purchase a larger screen . when i park my car , i just pick it up and set it on the floor so it do not attract attention . absolutely perfect for i !
245	GPS	POS	4	i be really enjoy this magellan gps . it be a large screen . i like that it tell you that you destination be on the right or leave , which we last gp do not . i would purchase it again . if there be one thing i wish be better it would be more pous 's .
500	GPS	POS	5	i order the garmin 350 after do extensive research on amazon , consumer reports and other website that rate the product . i also do a test run at best buy where the sale person be tell a group of people that garmin be the best from a satellite and map perspective . the price of the nuvi 350 be well over $ 100 more than at amazon.com . and , they be out of stock , which tell i that even over $ 100 more it be a good selling item . my motivation to purchase a gp be due to get lose in a very unfavorable\/dangerous section of philadelphia where as a female alone i be afraid to stop and ask for direction . i be use mapquest direction that do not take into account construction detour . i have use the garmin nuvi 350 for several road trip since my purchase . i can not be more pleased . navigation through the unit be extremely user friendly . i simply type a address and hit `` go '' and i be on my way . you can add a additional stop to you route and incorporate it into the bigger trip . you can type in key word to a business you might be look for and it will pull up all listing in the area with that key word . for example , if i be look for direction or the phone # to biltmore winery , which be part of the biltmore estate , i simply type in biltmore and choose from the list it present i . the nuvi will also give you listing by hotel or restaurant type and list they by they distance away from you location . you can chooose chinese , italian , steak house , fast food , etc. . or you can choose all and see what be close to you . the voice be clear and audible on this unit . it be a cynch to snap in and out of its holder , which suction to you window . it have a leather case to keep it in when you be use it on foot to navigate through the city . the color be bright and friendly to the eye . you can store a list of favorite place and there be a button for `` home '' . start up be quick and the route that have be choose so far be efficient . it may not choose the route that you might usually take , but it do choose good route from my experience . it recalculate the route immediately if you take a different turn and get off the original route it provide for you . i travel to portland , or to visit a friend . i program he address into the unit and from there be able to drive my friend to work , go sight see on my own , drive back to he work and pick he up and drive straight back to he home . this be no easy feat with all the turn , interstate and highway that i be not familiar with . however , with the garmin nuvi 350 it be so simple to navigate through traffic without a worry . it be incredible . i would be lose without it ! no pun intend ! one thing i have notice , which would be the same with any gp i imagine , be that when you be park in a totally enclosed parking garage it take a moment for the unit to calculate you route . you must get out of the garage into a area where the satellite can reach the unit in order to calculate the route . overall , i be absolutely thrill with the garmin nuvi 350 . i be not a person that would score this unit less than a `` 5 '' b\/c of lack of reception in a enclose parking garage , which would most likely be the case with any gp unit . the benefit and feature , ease of use , feeling of safety for i and my service from amazon make this product a solid `` 5 '' in my opinion .
397	GPS	POS	4	this nuvus have same `` problem '' as my old one from 5-6 year ago . to the lay person it appear it can not charge and run at the same time -lrb- ie : plug it in for charge-up and it stop mapping -rrb- . turn out it can sense specifically where it be get it be 12 vdc . if it be from a real usb port -lrb- like on a laptop -rrb- , it shut down however if its from another 12 vdc source through the supply usb cable it be ok . i 'll bet my old one have the same issue but garmin only tell i the shutdown be not normal and\/or i must be mistaken !
89	GPS	POS	5	recently i get a new car with a long dashboard , which make it impractical to keep use my siriusxm starmate 4 's suction cup windshield mount . i do not want to get a mount for the dashboard and damage it , and my vent be vertical , remove that option . originally i order this for my new phone , a samsung skyrocket , which be a big phone -lrb- think htc evo -rrb- . i quickly find that this mount not only work well for that -lrb- make it a life saver when i be use the gps navigation -rrb- but also for the starmate 4 , which be bulky , not symmetrical , with 3 wire come out of the back of it . the mount fit securely in my unused cd player slot , and the mount itself securely hold the radio itself . before this i have my radio near my gear shift , mean i have to look down to use the radio , thus make i a accident wait to happen . the only slight complaint i have be that the device itself do feel a little cheap , so i be a little worried about the long term durability of it . regardless i be not go to reduce my rating over conjecture that it may not last . overall i fully recommend this product . i already recommend it to my dad who be satellite radio can not be mount anymore .
992	GPS	POS	4	the nuvi 350 be a easy to use gps that anyone can operate . i have use it to find address and landmark in both the seattle and portland area . the interface be easy to use even for someone that be not technical . i have run into out-of-date business reference -lrb- the business have close -rrb- and it sometimes have trouble with complex freeway interchange , but always sort it out and get you head in the right direction -- even if that mean find a alternate route because you miss a turn . i recommend it .
257	GPS	POS	4	very easy to use distance watch for tech challenge runner like i . i want a watch that be comfortable on the wrist , easy to see and even easier to calibrate . the 110 fit my need very well . have not use the heart rate monitor yet but that be just a ` nice ' to have , not ` need ' to have . i run along the beachfront and just want a gp product that give i basically time and distance . period . about the only i do not care for be the extra step and button i have to manipulate just to turn it off when the run be do . but if that be the extent of my discontent , then i be a happy camper . would recommend this particular gps-enabled watch in a heartbeat .
412	GPS	POS	5	previous review highlight the many plus and a few minus feature , but as a moderately technical , but always lose person , i find the garmin v to be my salvation . i like the `` find '' feature and the ability to find destination and route to they in a battery-saving `` inside mode '' before set off .  best thing - easy to read display -lrb- backlit with cigarette adaptor for night -rrb- give several advance warning of next turn . go off the suggest route , the unit immediately recalculate to you destination . waypoint can be easily set to retrace a route . set up home mean i can easily find my way back without wander as i have in the past .  the downloadable map be up to date and point of interest as restaurant , bank , gas station and hotel will be very useful when travel . the 19 mb of memory be the only downside . i can load all of the sf bay area , but if i go to another area such as sacramento or la , i will have to do some swap -- i consider that a very minor inconvenience .  i love this unit - it be everything i could ask for at a reasonable price . my husband like it as well and be amaze the satellite access be free .
489	GPS	POS	4	i have have my c330 for a few day now and here be the pro and con as i see they . bottomline : if you want a system that be user friendly straight out of the box , and just want to get from point a to b this be the unit for you . price be start to drop , so check everywhere online before you by . be \* frugle \* about it . pro : - easy to use , no need to read a manual - great accuracy - recalculate route in seconds -lrb- when you turn off route , want to sight see , or want to avoid traffic -rrb- . - detour function work great in real life traffic jams\/accidents - ton of great pous -lrb- point of interest -rrb- - voice directions be crisp and clear - easy to use mount - no load up map before you go ; just press a few button and you be on you way con : - the onscreen keyboard be a bit small , so typing can be frustrating sometimes . - every once in a while it say you destination be a block earlier than what it really be . - every once in a while it say you destination be on the wrong side of the road -lrb- but if you have two eye , it be not a big deal -rrb- - sometimes the suction cup mount need a little coax to release . - you need to be a real techy to use pous loader -lrb- or even find a pous database in the us -rrb- . if anyone have any tip , please post it .
970	GPS	POS	5	wow , buy this at a good price with all the cookie . get you right there even in remote area .
918	GPS	POS	5	great gps . my old garmin be four year old and miss the charger . the suction cup keep fall off of it . i purchase this one for a trip to south florida . it work like a charm . great investment for someone who travel . it be idiot proof !
569	GPS	POS	4	many feature like find the nearest walmart or burger king ... etc. . but i be not impress by the accuracy of its direction . very very rare to see a mistake in the direction but when you encounter , it be so painful .
0	GPS	POS	5	i 'll cut to the chase -- you will not find a better hand-held gp for the price . i do considerable research prior to purchase . the 450 be the best for the money -- accurate , touch menu drive -lrb- more menu option than most will ever need -rrb- -- very user friendly , however , because of the numerous feature , i recommend spend a few hour with the unit early on , so you will get the benefit of all of the feature . do a google search to find website that provide downloadable map for free that be compatible with the garmin and have topographical feature -lrb- another reason to buy the 450 rather than the 450t -rrb- . you 'll end up with better topographical map for less $ $ . i have purchase 3 other gps unit in the last few year , include 2 garmin nuvi . after the initial satellite search which take a minute or so , the succeed power-up lock-on to a full compliment of satellite in seconds -lrb- often , literally 2-3 seconds -rrb- . i have never experience such a `` instant ready '' with any other gps unit . bottom line : as good as they get !
544	GPS	POS	5	buy this for ourselves for christmas . take it on trip from virginia to unfamiliar part of florida in late dec\/early jan. . the 3.5-in screen be plenty large for we . gp be easy to program and mount . only problem come when we mount it on a too cold windshield , and gps fall off . remount it after windshield have warm up . have to reset gp by turn off , then back on , but it recover like a champ . well please with we nuvi 350 .
800	GPS	POS	5	i purchase this case for a recently purchase garmin nuvi 2460lmt -lrb- 5 '' -rrb- . i have purchase garmin gps unit in the past and each time garmin include a protective case . not so with this one . back to amazon to find a appropriate protective case . there be plenty to choose from but at $ 8.66 incl . tax & delivery , this be it ! fit my garmin perfectly and just as good as the case garmin provide in the past . highly recommend .
886	GPS	POS	5	it be very useful for i because i have lose the original ... it make the same effect ... cheap and now i can use the gp normally
953	GPS	POS	5	my husband buy this for i for training . it be great . it track my mile and then i can plot it compare my progress . the heartrate monitor be also a great feature . it be easy to use .
326	GPS	POS	5	this unit preform flawlessly and with the free lifetime map the unit pay for itself in two year . i love it and recommend it to all .
543	GPS	POS	5	simple setup , and work without a hitch with my canon ip4300 . have a mixed environment of window 7 and xp computer print in less than 15 min .
779	GPS	POS	5	garmin nuvi 350 3.5-inch portable gps navigator  it have some nice extra , like a audio book reader , a photo viewer -lrb- do not use -rrb- , & a mp3 player -lrb- have not use yet -rrb- . but the basic mapping and trip planning be accurate , easy to follow , easy to program , with clear graphic . i have have it cut out briefly in isolate mountain area , but that be unavoidable -- it last a lot longer than my cell phone ! i highly recommend garmin , and the nuvus 350 in particular .
27	GPS	POS	4	first gps i have ever buy , but seem to work well most of the time . i really like be able to give it voice command via a microphone . it be a big safety plus . only thing that concern i be that sometimes it tell you to turn leave when it should say right and right when it should be leave . i find i have to double check its left verse right recommendation against the actual map which have yet to be wrong . acquisition time and sensitivity have not be a problem for i . all of the road in my neighborhood be on the map although some be not where they should be -lrb- gp show you drive about 20 foot away -rrb- . the software be so feature rich that figure it out take a while . do not wait until you in a move vehicle to learn the software .
439	GPS	POS	4	i go out of town to las vegas and take my new garmin with i . it work great ! i be able to find my way around town , and even into the desert . the traffic option be cool , but there be a occasional popup . but free traffic info be worth the small blurb . the search function , which i use to find hotel be a bit laggy . if you have a address , it be quick . all around a great device . this be my first garmin . i buy a tom tom at a discount deal-a-day website , and be painfully disappoint . this be a great value with unlimited lifetime map . very accurate .
814	GPS	POS	4	it seem that this unit be either loved or hate by people . i find it to be a very good product -lrb- and no , i do not sell garmin gps unit and i be not a employee -rrb- . this be my first car navigation gp , but i have use several handheld unit in conjunction with map . one have to wonder if maybe garmin be make this unit in two different factory , one with its act together and one ... not so much , to have this disparity in review . i will relate to you my experience with it , which be generally positive . first , it have never lock up on i , and the longest i have wait for a signal on startup have be maybe 45 seconds to 1 minute . that be in the middle of downtown seattle . the speak direction be very nice , though the voice be a bit mechanical . the voice give you street name and distance , which be almost as good as a good navigator ride shotgun . if you happen to be in the thick of traffic and do not hear the announcement , just press the `` speak '' button and the message will repeat . i be visit seattle for a few day . i have never be there prior to my trip . all in all it get i around very well as far as i can tell . the route feature be fairly nice , but i have a couple quibble with it . first , there be no easy way to tell it that i have reach the next destination on the route , so the only way to get it to take i to the next stop be to drive past my destination a bit sometimes . secondly , i be on a 11 stop route , start at my hotel and end there again . it work beautifully for the first four stop , but decide to give up and return i to my hotel . i delete the first four stop in the route and then restart it . after that , it work like a charm . in familiar territory -lrb- phoenix , az -rrb- it pick very sensible route and the route exclusion feature be very powerful , able to rule out type of road , specific road , and even draw a rectangular avoid area on the map . by default , the route finder will find a least time route , but that can be configure to find shortest distance , or off-road -lrb- straight line -rrb- . the 2720 can also be set to prompt you for the method it should use . the remote , as far as i be concerned , be not terribly useful . it be just another item to get lose in you car . the number of location program into the unit be amazing . in addition to the obvious food , lodging , and gas location it have bank and atm , retail shopping , entertainment venue , and even veterinarian . you can search by name or by category , so if you be jonese for italian , it will find it for you . overall , i would recommend this unit if you can get one that work properly . i have not have the problem that have vex other , luckily . i be still run the 2.50 version of the software .
533	GPS	POS	5	after review different gp unit -lrb- c320 , c330 , street pilot , etc -rrb- , i finally pull my trigger and buy the c340 . this be the first gps unit i have ever own . when i receive the unit , i turn it on right away . i do not even look at the menu -lrb- 1 page -rrb- before i start use it . very straight forward and very easy to use . i would say it be very easy to overcome the learning curve with the c340 . so far i dont see any major problem except get poor signal after `` sit '' under a bridge over several minute or lose signal in the basement inside a structure . i believe this be not really a problem as other gp -lrb- s -rrb- have the same problem and plus that make no sense to use the gp inside a structure . this unit have a sd card slot and i may buy the europe map cd to test it in europe ... . if i have a chance . pro : compact , easy to use , good battery life con : hmm ... get poor signal after `` sit '' under the bridge under a while conclusion : the unit do exactly what it should -- take you to the destination in the shortest distance . but of course , it do not have the ai : 1 -rrb- to make short cut like get into some side street 2 -rrb- take stop sign into account
76	GPS	POS	5	i love this garmin . i have purchase a road gp a few year ago and hate it -lrb- also a garmin -rrb- . they have come a long way since then . i highly recommend pay the little bit extra for lifetime map update -lrb- and traffic -rrb- because they really do run out of date quickly . even the current map be way out of date , but at least it be better . as far as the product itself be concern , it be great . i love this little thing ... it remove a little of the stress of go new place because you do not have to try to read google map or something while you be go along .
82	GPS	POS	5	i be a person that will research online and at the store and this be the best gp i have see . i be about to order the garmin c330 until i check it out at a local electronics store . the salesperson show i how simple it be to use and i pick it up quickly . when i tell he how cool this thing be and that my mind be make up on the c330 , he say `` wait , check this out '' and show i the c340 . this one actually speak the name of the street instead of left or right at the next corner . it may not seem like much , but the whole reason for buy a gp be to have you hand hold as you drive . since i do not intend to buy another , i spring for the extra $ 70 buck . this puppy be a pleasure to use . i be a field technician so this save i time and fuel when go from one place to another . its especially helpful when i be call to go someplace i have never be before and i do not need to ask direction or refer to mapquest . i simply pull over from where ever i be , key in the address and i be off . once its save , i can always return to it . my wife have always tell i i get lose after pull out of we driveway , but never again . its size also make it convenient for when i be fly out of state and have to rent a car . you will not be disappoint .
739	GPS	POS	5	this 5 '' nuvus be the best i have have so far . the standard garmin ease of operation along with the increase size make it a perfect aid in travel and navigation . the add traffic update feature be very helpful miss the backup around atlanta 2 week ago while come home from tampa . i will not travel without it !
225	GPS	POS	5	garmin out rank they all . i buy the gps as a gift , it be so great , i buy one for myself . could not ask for a better product and the price be great !
331	GPS	POS	5	nice little camera . good size and comfortable in you hand . have not use it under water yet but take good picture otherwise . purchase this one because i have two other nikon camera and they have never fail i . i totally trust this brand .
697	GPS	POS	4	this be a very high quality screen protector , compare to other that i have use . it go on easily and the include finger cot and bubble remover work very well . it be much thinner and more supple than any other i have see , so my screen click be very accurate . it also seem to be very durable , though i have only have it a day , so can not judge how long it will last without scratch . however , the package only include one screen protector . that be the only reason i do not give it five star . for fifteen buck -lrb- include shipping -rrb- , i expect more than one protector in the package . if it be as good as it seem , i might never have to replace it and it would be worth it , but only time will tell .
576	GPS	POS	5	i have own mio c220 for more than a month . i have no major complain on this device so far . it be very easy to use and the route calculation be faster than garmin or tomtom accord to my observation . the c220 be able to recalculate the route when you miss the original planned route , this feature be a major plus point . the lcd touch screen be fast and responsive and i like the qwerty keyboard format to input address while the garmin have abcd telephone format which be difficult to input . you can drag or move the 2d map use you finger easiely . the device be light weight and it can fit in most of the pocket . the lcd screen bright enough for mount on the windscreen\/dashboard for navigation . i find the navigation be very accurate and dead on . it come with a car charger but no home or wall charger . i have be use my motorola razr wall charger to charge my c220 at home and it work . my only complain be that not too many accessory be available for c220 and lack of full support to its update software for mac . otherwise c220 score much higher than tomtom .
894	GPS	POS	4	with the great disappointment from the garmin c330 doa , out of the box and immediate satisfaction come with this tomtom 300 unit . it have many language , voice , and great shortcut for local road . this unit have a durable support arm , easily usable touchscreen and simple route instruction with mode to tailor the route to eliminate ie : toll road . the voice prompt be highly accurate and hold true to instruction within 100 ~ 200 yard . i be still figure out the compass and car speed and why they be not there on the screen . the unit take sd card and i believe some can be order for other area . overall , i be highly impress with this .
595	GPS	POS	4	i like the gp ... as far as the map and navigation go , this be a great unit . the lane assist be also a very nice feature but the mount be terrible . it take a while to figure out the suction dial on the window mount but once you do it work ok . the suction be very tight on glass -lrb- do not work on the dash unless you use the sticky disc that come with it -rrb- but the gps unit pop off the mount too easily . i have a buick enclave and it be very hard to reach the windshield to get the unit mount . they have to come up with a better way to mount this thing . i buy a additional mount that hook on the vent louver . hope this will work better ! at least i can reach it !
121	GPS	POS	5	i have be run for a few year and i be currently train for my third marathon . i have spend thousand of dollar on shoe , sock , supplement , shorts , rub , headphone , etc etc etc. . this be by far the very best return on investment i have get . it be simple to use , if you can use a smart phone you can figure out most of the feature without read the manual . i think base on the review it be the best combination of feature , display , quality and price available and i be right . this really be a excellent product and i can not wait to use it over and over .
223	GPS	POS	5	my first gps , which i get because i would be drive in italy , and believe i , and my rental car passenger , this turn out to be a life-saver . we would have miss a hundred turn -lrb- the round-about be especially hard to navigate by eyesight alone , as they sometimes have several exit with small or no sign that whiz by in this italian mixmaster traffic -rrb- , and some rural location , like b&b; s , be simply off the marked road . enter a town , road or street and a number , and it 'll take you there , or if it do not have one , punch in coordinate from the host . also , after read some review of other gpss , i be surprise to see how well the unit perform in city in pedestrian mode , regardless of high building , as the `` hotfix '' feature quickly pick up any lose signal -lrb- this be true even in longish tunnel in northern italy -rrb- . the four-hour battery be great for out-of-vehicle use . also , review for other model complain how long it take to get satellite fix and map load on arrival in the foreign country , but this gp get they up in about a minute . the italy map be very detailed and the restaurant\/points of interest\/fuel stop nearby feature very quick and accurate . conversion from mph to kph be simple and the many other feature be easy and intuitive , too . i be not a techie at all , but i can use this device very well . one more thing : tech service . i get help for update map because i be not very technical , and a very nice and helpful agent be on the phone with i in less than 5 minute .
892	GPS	POS	4	first , as everybody have comment . . the display on this 3790t look amazing ! compare it to any other gp and the difference be almost like black and white tv in 1956 to today 's hdtv ! the display not only look good it be very use-able in any light . . even direct sunshine hit it be screen . i have a top of the line magellan ... you can barely see the screen when it get very bright out . anyway , i would rather talk about a few quirk or negative as i feel a review should help one decide if the pro of a device out weigh any negative . my first major con be that i have only see the juntion view screen pop up maybe 3 time in over almost 2 week of drive . i live in ny and there be a ton of juntions i have pass thru . the 3790t doe show lane assist -lrb- the arrow which lane to be in for upcome turn -rrb- but it simply almost never show a juntion view . i actually return my first unit think it be simply defective . . it be not . so from my experience you be barely go to see juntion view on this unit at least in ny . i have read other review that state they see a lot of juntion view . . but in ny unless i have a second defective unit ? ... you can almost forget the fact the 3790t have juntion view . as a side note my magellan show a juntion type view at 1,000 time to one vs this unit . my second con . . be more about refinement . this darn gp be roughly $ 400 depend on the deal you get . the voice inside my unit sometimes though rarely , will crack . meaning . . if a map be zoom in or or out i have notice the voice break up . this have only happen 2 time in 2 week . . but in a $ 400 unit this be unacceptable . another con for i be my first unit freeze up the minute i decide to not follow the gp 's route as i know a shorter way to go . i have to re boot it . . all be well but again ... refine ? $ 400 no ! my last and maybe biggest con be traffic ??? what ?? this garmin be tell i there be a ton of traffic on my route yet my radio 's traffic report be not mention any traffic where the garmin be tell i it be . also the garmin be auto re route i off my route because it think there be a ton of traffic come up . well . . i do not listen to the garmin , and there be no traffic where it say it be . on the other hand . . one time the 3790t tell i all road be clear . . while i be sit in traffic , barely move 10mph on 55 mph road . so it have be my experience that the traffic feature be near useless . or at least maybe it be a hour or 2 behind reality . that be say my magellan 's traffic feature be just as useless . so after all this complain why do i still give it 4 star ? well . . overall i actually love this unit . overall it pick excellent route , i like the timing of the voice tell i where next to turn . . it be very difficult to miss a turn with the 3790t . . it be excellent at guidance . i choose a female new zealand voice -lrb- build in -rrb- and it be very refreshing to be able to change voice ... as one voice can get monotonous after you own a gp for a long while . i love the size of the unit . . more than as a toy . . it be so pocket able a huge plus over the other dinosaur gp unit out there now . battery life seem good and overall construction seem high end . . except i get a little creeky sound on the small plastic part on the back if i press on it , that also house the speaker . the voice quality be awesome blow away the magellans . . -lrb- i do not know tomtom -rrb- . . and it be loud as you can stand . voice command -lrb- you speak to the unit -rrb- be near excellent though you may need speak rather loudly or it may just stare at you . : -rrb- i do love you can even use you voice to choose you custom favorite . however you only get 5 favorite at a time to choose from . if you do not see the one you want . . you have to say down . . it will scroll down another 5 and another 5 -lrb- or it be 4 at a time -rrb- do not recall . eventually you see you favorite . . choose the number next to it . . and bam , all by voice you can start navigate . i wish you could say the name of you favorite -lrb- as in speech to text -rrb- ... say you name you favorite mike 's place or whatever you have it name . instead you need scroll possibly thru 100 's of favorite till yours be find via voice . of course you can simply use the screen and type it take a second actually but so much for voice command then . lastly one feature common to i think all garmin which i love be within favorite you can see all the favorite near the one you just go to . my magellan can not do that . . and be i be in sale . . this be a wonderful useful feature cause i may have a customer 2 block away from where i be and the 3790t will tell i so ... which may have skip my mind otherwise . to sum up my book -lrb- sorry -rrb- this be truly a wonderful unique great gp . . with excellent route . . which be why we buy a gp . i just initially want to point out some negative as too often review become almost like a team event . . mean i love garmin . . or panasonic or whatever , often that cloud be objective . . i want to be objective here ... all in all quirk and all , i think this may be you favorite gp of you lifetime . . till the next model improve on he one `` somehow '' highly recommend !!
924	GPS	POS	5	this be easy to use , and in we car a real tension reliever . direction be easy to follow and we 1st time use we be drive at peak traffic time into a unfamiliar city . no problem see , or hearing , volume adj be fine . plenty of time to follow direction . take we to we destination address with no problem , stress free . when stop for gas or food it recalculate quickly . we love it . its we new best friend .
172	GPS	POS	5	this be purchase on behalf of a friend with no internet access . he have be a happy hunter ever since .
357	GPS	POS	4	receive the 1700-lm a day later than the estimate delivery date . delay be due to ups send to wrong facility . i unpackage the 1700-lm and read the manual . the manual state a fully charge battery would last about 30 minute and that the battery in the unit do not charge via the usb connector ! go to you car and charge the magellan for a few minute . i charge it for 15 minute . i then install the magellan content manager , register the gp , and proceed to do the software and map update . that process take about 1.5 hour , so patience be a must . i have my finger cross the entire time . i notice that the display be dim while connected via usb . it update successfully , i think because the battery have a good charge and the display dim while on usb . i take the gp to my van and mount it use the provide plastic base , connect the power , and start it up . it take less than 15 seconds and the unit acquire the satellite signal . i fiddle around with it and decide i like it . one feature i like be the pous search . i enter a pous and it could not be find . a message pop up and ask if it should search nearby . after about 30 seconds my pous appear . one issue i have be with the piece of the mount bracket that connect to the back of the gp . it do not have enough articulation for my liking . i can not position the gp to the exact position i want . my view of the screen be usable but not exactly where i would prefer it to be . the screen display be between 7 and 9 . the volume adjustment be a 10 . screen sensitivity be between 8 and 10 . re-routing time be between 7 and 9 . a feature from other gp 's i have own that i wish the magellan have be a trip computer . i also wish a ac power adapter have be include . now i have to go out and buy one . if one have be include i would not have worry about the gp shut down while update . overall i recommend the magellan 1700-lm .
582	GPS	POS	4	i have own the garmin c530 for about a year now , and i have to say its quite nice and perform well . i use it nearly everyday as i drive for a living , it never get i lose no matter how many wrong turn i make . it have a vast amount of point of interest store in it allready with the ability to add more . it have a excellent battery life , and be also quite durable . i wil say though on the other hand its be bad when i tcomes to pick the best route . i can be on the interstate and it may want to send i down a small highway that would take 20 minute longer than just stay on the freeway . also drive time be quite accurate also . people complain that they be `` optimistic '' which its suppose to be as the gp beleive or not doesnt know how many redlight u will hit . also u can program red light camera into it so it will alert when ur comee up on one .
271	GPS	POS	4	buy it as a gift to my husband he love it . no complaint after use it several time other then sometimes it lose sattelite during he run and it cause it to act a little whacky for a few minute .
853	GPS	POS	5	for several year , i have envy the owner of high end car equip with navigation system . i consider get a aftermarket in-dash system , but the price be too steep . the streetpilot iii deluxe be just what i have be look for . it be a reliable , well-designed , and just plain fun gadget that will please the electronics junkie and the casual user alike .  the high resolution screen be gorgeous and remain clearly visible even in bright sunlight . at sundown -lrb- automatically calculate by the streetpilot -rrb- , the display switch to black and white and can still be read easily without distract the driver . operation be very easy once you get the hang of it . the 128 mb datum card include with the deluxe version can store map cover a radius of 500 + mile . it should be adequate for almost all trip . program the card be fairly easy , although the software be probably the system 's weakest link . the interface be poorly design but functional .  the system 's autorouting function work very well , but because it can not account for traffic volume or terrain , it sometimes underestimate drive time and thus do not choose the quickest route . 95 % of the time , however , the system choose the best route , and it have identify new and better direction for several of my most common trip . the vocal prompt be excellent . a sophisticated trip computer be a include feature and be a welcome addition if you car do not have one .  i can not praise the streetpilot highly enough . in many way , i think it be superior to a in-dash system , in term of price and portability -lrb- since you can transfer the device between car -rrb- . it be the rare gadget that be both useful and fun . you 'll wonder how you ever live without it .
999	GPS	POS	5	i have a lorence h2o gps prior to the purchase of the garmin gpsmap 60c . i have nothing negative to say about that unit and will keep it as a additional or second unit . it be a fine unit for the money . the garmin 60cx be a big step up if you care to spend the extra cash and you get a lot for that extra . turn-by-turn , color , twice the battery life , and that sweet surfer board -lrb- or however its call -rrb- that perform in area where i use to have a error rate in the hundred and now in the ten . my first unit need to be by the car window to get a lock . this garmin do not seem to care where it sit in the car . the city navigator software be a bit pricy to get functional street detail , but give the turn-by-turn function of the unit , i also have no problem buy it so the unit reach full potential . if you want a solid unit , there be other out there that do fine . if you want the best you can get in a hand hold , check this one out .
679	GPS	POS	4	we just get back from a two week road trip and 95 % of the time i really like the garmin 2460 lmt . it have a nice interface with the lane you need to be in and the general direction in a purple color . it also show the speed limit and the speed you be go . another nicer feature be that it city , it automatically show a 2nd screen which show a graphic representation of what the highway should look like and which lane you need to be in . some of the thing i do not like be that at time it use different name than what you see on the highway . it also do not have common sense at time . if you go right when you should have go left , it will take you a circuitious route to try and get back on course , when the smart thing be to just turn around and go back the opposite way . sometimes it also seem to be give contrary information or even wrong information . one restaurant be suppose to be on the left side , when it actaully be on the right side . the traffic warning do not help at all , but we do not get the advertising that some people get . in new york , as be inch we way across the geroge washington bridge there be no traffic warning at all . in other place we would get warning , but there be no problem with traffic . all together we like this garmin , but use common sense when garmin start to give you stupid advice .
633	GPS	POS	5	all i have to say be that garmin be one the best company that i have ever deal with . i have -lrb- 3 -rrb- garmin gps 's . the c340 be a excellent piece to have in you car . i will not go into as to how good it be , because all of the other comment below speak for itself ... what i would like to emphamize be the warranty and service from they . i have recently have my c340 fall due to the window mount fail -lrb- that be another issue that i have address to they about -rrb- and the screen crack , ect . . well , then be not only fix it for i under warranty , but they be also give i at no charge a new tripod mount for the dashboard which be over a $ 50 value ... . they rock ... i will not buy any other brand other then garmin and neither should you !
377	GPS	POS	5	this gp just overcome my expectation . size : the 5 inch display be just perfect . and it make a huge difference when compare with the 4,3 inch model . map : be very accurate , be impress with the street picture it be show i for the highway exit . lowlight : while exit the highway for gas station , some time the gp would not realize that it would be faster come back to the same exit rather then get a sideway until the next highway exit . interactivity : i think this be han overall problem from gp device . they touch screen interactivity be still ver poor compare with other portable device as tablet and smart phone . if you be use to you smartphone touchscreen , you will be frustrate when try to navigate in the gp map to findout about the route surounding , or to set a new destination through the map . -lrb- again this be a problem in all gp i fave use , this garmin one be nevertheless still better than other . -rrb-
459	GPS	POS	5	execellent easy to use device with lot of option . also the unit 's graffic be fun and cute . it take aa battery so it be not difficult to power . it also have a car adapter that you can purchase , but i do not recomend use it in a car since it do not have map software build in . it seem more for explore by foot or watercraft .  the product seem well make , and easy to find if you drop it . it also be supposidly waterproof .  the manual be a easy read , and there be a pamphlet that come with it that allow you to jump right in without know too much .  i pick this item up because it be recommen on the gecaching website as be a good value .
22	GPS	POS	5	i have a nuvi 660 whose speaker fail and so i need a new gps . after research on amazon review , i decide that the 1450 be a good choice , and much cheaper than my prior model . i be delighted to find that i could copy my address book to the new device and so i do not lose\/have-to-reenter all of my address . i absolutely love the larger screen !! ... and the louder voice !!! i have not attempt to turn on the traffic info , as we travel be mostly interstate , and the review give poor rating to this aspect . i absolutely love the way it display numerous lane and tell i , visually , which lane to be in !! my son want a gp and i recommend this model to he and he , too , have be very happy with it .
210	GPS	POS	4	the concept be without a doubt ingenious - take advantage of the cd slot to mount you phone or gp and keep you windshield unobstructed . just this week , i pick up the samsung galaxy note which sport a 5.3 '' screen . it be a behemoth in that respect . however , it be very thin - in fact thinner than the iphone 4 . the only issue i see be that the retain ` ear ' could be a bit taller . i have a speck candyshell case on the phone which as case go be quite thin - some who have look at my phone do not realize the phone be even in a case . however , i find the phone sit a bit shallow in the ear which concern i when i receive the larger , more protective reiko case -lrb- think otterbox -rrb- .
388	GPS	POS	5	this be my third tom tom and be a replacement for one i lose . i have always be happy with the feature and accuracy of the arrival time . the route select generally be the optimal route as best as i can tell . the battery life be not great but i only use it in the car and it be always plug in .
671	GPS	POS	5	lo use en ee . uu y en argentina , en el primero pude usar todas las funciones y anduvo perfecto a veces es medio lento en mostrar los mapas o recalcular pero e bastante preciso . si lo van a usar en otro paise como en arg , que no hay inf de trafico es gastar plata de mas por ahi recomentaria algo mas barato pero es muy practico sin duda lo recomendaria no tiene problemas en bajar los mapas de internet y cargarlo . muy bueno
952	GPS	POS	5	this nuvi be a great product . have a street pilot before and the nuvi take a little time to get use to the difference but well worth the little extra effort . the only problem so far have be try to download the map update . love the slim design and larger screen . glad i buy it and would again .
553	GPS	POS	4	buy this over a week back and have be test drive it everyday . as other people have comment , it lock on very fast - from a cold start to `` ready for navigation '' , it take i approximately 30-40 sec but after that its pretty smooth . for the price that it be currently available on amazon for - you cant beat it . i have be research for a gps unit in this price range from a long time and have shortlist this one and the navigon 5100 . people who be on the lookout for a gp should consider that one also . a few quirk i observe on the 350 : 1 . map seem to be a little off in some mall \/ densely populated area - again this might be a problem with every other gps too . 2 . a major one for i be the lack of a qwerty touch key pad . this mean that you have to use a keypad design a , b , c , d etc etc to type out city and state - this be extremely slow . i google this issue and find a lot of people notice and report this - unfortunately there be no known resolution and garmin have choose to ignore the problem . 3 . can not type in a city by a postal code - though the manual mention this , i have try unsuccessfully to put in one and cant get it to work - i think this gp lack the ability to do this . but all in all a very satisfactory purchase that will fit in you pocket : -rrb-
998	GPS	POS	4	i use this gp for a bit over a year , around 15 month during which time i drive around 23,000 mile . during that time i think it be one of the best purchase i have make . however , recently it randomly decide to stop log onto the satellite . i be outdoors , use it in area i have regularly use it and previously have no problem , i have not move hundred of mile since the last login but it still will not get a good connection . when it do it quickly go away and say it have lose the satellite reception -lrb- usually within 5 minute and consider it 'll take hour to connect that be just unsatisfactory -rrb- . i try talk to garmin and while they do give i generic `` try this '' none of it help and they want i to shell out a couple hundred dollar for they to look at it even though it have only be in use for a little over a year . i be better off just buy a new gp system than repair it ! as such i be now look for another brand as i be unhappy with garmin support . that be say here 's what i think of it while it work : con : - if you put in multiple destination it will not sort they by what would be the most logical order to stop at they , however you put they in , that be the order you be take to they in -lrb- not uncommon among most gp 's -rrb- - when search for restaurant or store it 'll regularly bring up location that be not there , 10 minute later you 'll drive by one on a different side of town that it do not know exist -lrb- somewhat expect but this happen much more regularly than i expect -rrb- - garmin support : i really feel as though they be try to rip i off and just get money from i without know what be cause the problem or how they be even go to fix it - map update : while it may be somewhat standard in the industry to charge customer for regular map update i think company like navigon that charge one fee for 3 entire year of update be serve customer more justly - inputting address : cr 528 can not be input the way it would be write on a letter , if it be not exact the 350 do not know what you be talk about - time estimation for destination arrival be usually aggressive , i would prefer it to be more conservative so when i be on a eight hour drive i know from the start i be go to get there in 8 hour and not 7 . pro : - it will get you where you be go - before it initially break , the time it take to get a satellite connection be relatively short - customizable icon and voice -lrb- although you can not record you own or someone else be to use -rrb- - several different route choice : fastest , shortest ect - ability to program it to avoid u-turn , toll road , and ferry 's -lrb- most gp 's these day all have the last two characteristic -rrb- - routing be typically good and sensible although there be several spot in the us where it get a little goofy all in all , for the price it be at now it be probably worth it , i spend around $ 300 but do not be surprise if garmin do not care about you or the product when it break . hopefully yours will not break as soon or unexpectedly . personally , i be do use garmin product .
77	GPS	POS	5	i be impressed by the accuracy and sensitivity of this equipment . i go for a jog with this recently when i just receive it . the distance tracking be great with very good accuracy . it can be configure to stop the timer once you stop or jog on the spot due to various reason like traffic light \/ road junction wait time . just this distance , pace , and timing feature of this watch be already worthwhile for any runner to invest in . in the past , i have always enjoy run on the trackmill machine in the gym just because its able to give i the distance that i have run . but now , you can do it outdoor and enjoy the scenery while monitor you distance , pace , calorie burn , etc. . great !
623	GPS	POS	4	the only thing lack in this item be something that secure the gps unit inside of the case like a netted pocket or elastic band . otherwise it be a great value for you money & great for travel !
138	GPS	POS	5	we order this model instead of update and older one because we want the lane assist feature , it really pay off when we go to florida in september .
29	GPS	POS	5	this be a great product . we buy it right before a vacation , and it come in mighty handy . it tell you the name of the street to turn on , rather than just `` turn right in 500 foot '' . occasionally on a busy expressway it may seem that you do not get enough warn where to turn , but , you just have to make sure you obey the 350 when it say `` stay leave '' or `` stay right '' , so you 'll be at the exit and be able to make the turn when it tell you to . we love it .
586	GPS	POS	5	i purchase this for my 1490t but lose it in like a week . its a good product especially the side pocket on the side . i would just purchase another one at a local store for cheaper tho . it would save you some real $ $ $
782	GPS	POS	4	the product be quite adequate and function well . do not believe they suggestion to buy a 256mb sd card however , unless you be satisfy with 2 or 3 state coverage . i get the 1.0 gb sd card and it give i detail access to over 2\/3 of the lower 48 state . i find a quirk while be instruct to enter a south bind highway from the east . it instruct i to go over the highway and make a `` hard leave '' -lrb- a illegal turn -rrb- , rather than make the right onto the cloverleaf entrance . be careful . -- the internal antenna work quite well but the placement , in my vehicle , require the use of a external antenna . do not buy the magellan external antenna . when the weather get even slightly warm , the antenna set off a continue false alarm on my cobra radar detector . technical support have be absolutely useless . after 6 try , i have give up and buy a gilsson antenna that work much better , have no problem and cost less . magellan -lrb- thales navigation -rrb- either do not understand english or choose to deliberately misunderstand the problem . they will also not offer any refund on they antenna with the design problem . -- in general , i be quite satisfied with the roadmate 300 , but do not expect any intelligent technical support .
205	GPS	POS	5	i have a garmin forerunner 205 for many year and the battery be start to get weak . i really only use the pace , time , and mileage information , so the 305 be more garmin than i really need ; but for the incredible price , i have to get it .
468	GPS	POS	5	it do exactly what it be suppose to do and how could anyone complain at the price ? get one , you 'll love it !
688	GPS	POS	4	i buy this gp receiver `` fly blind '' - i have little time and no experience . so i buy it through amazon -lrb- from a camera outfit in nyc -rrb- , and it arrive really quickly . i do not really know how it would work with my netbook computer and the gp software that i have . it take i a few minute to figure out how to set it up the first time , and then set up the com port -lrb- the default port be not the right one -rrb- , but it be not too hard . then i let it look for satelite - which take over 15 minute . but when i fire up the gp software , it work the first time , and i have no issue with it whatsoever . i do not know if it drain the battery or not ... one time it seem to , and the next it do not . i have only use it a few time , but i be quite satisfied with it .
195	GPS	POS	5	purchase the c330 , and it arrive the day before we trip to so . florida to visit the grandkid . it only get lose once in alabama on sr-76 , but i believe that problem have be correct in the software upgrade that be free from the garmin site . the product be better than i think , and be perfect . visibility be just fine in bright daylight , and it be a godsend at night . every little twist in the road appear on the screen . it switch automatically to nighttime mode , and back to day operation . worth every penny !
668	GPS	POS	4	geocaching have become the leisure activity of choice for my husband and i -lrb- aka `` trekkin ' and birdin ' '' -rrb- , take we to incredible waterfall tuck in sandstone canyon , cave and many other adventure . we already own a garmin gps map60csx , and want a second device for those time when one or the other of we be travel and want to break up those trip with a cache or two . this be we choice . as with the higher price version , user must be conscious of which button they push , as it be easy to hit `` enter '' when you want to hit `` quit , '' therefore list a cache as `` find , '' when it be not be find yet . that say , the device be very sensitive and hold the signal well , even in the heavy cover of forest or rocky bluff , prefer location for we to cache . it be able to stand up to the kind of abuse this activity demand . it be be drop down rocky slope , fish out of swamp and even take a quick swim from a kayak , and keep work just fine . the two caution i would offer be that battery be eat by these device , even when avoid use of the backlight . after read another review here , we 'll look into the use of the rechargeable he mention . also , do not expect to load you additional map onto a second device for a bargain . we would hope to purchase a additional `` unlock code '' for the city navigator program we have already buy , and it would cost almost one hundred dollar . if you think you may need to make map available to one device or the other , buy the secure digital version with the map may be a better option , as this can be switch back and forth between unit . overall , we have be very happy with the gps map60cx . it can take the kind of abuse we have dish out as we climb bluffside and rockslide , paddle on river and push through thick thorn in search of we `` smiley . ''
374	GPS	POS	4	fairly easy to use out of the box . i be lucky enough to know someone that already have one . it be confuse that when you enter a address that to save it you have to hit do , if you do not you will not have the address again if you have intend on store it . you have to remember that the global positioning system be not 100 % accurate . when use it to go to a relative home i need it because it be a fairly complicated area , once there it announce the house be on the right when it be on the left . so make sure you check the address . it can be off . also if there have be recent construction it might not be update to tell you where the entrance be on a highway . the nice thing be if you take a wrong turn , the unit announce `` recalculate '' in a rather upset voice , and then give you another route . it will not necessarily give you the fastest route , but you will get there .
345	GPS	POS	5	this be a terrific navigation system , and so easy to use ! my husband and i both purchase for we car and we no longer have to worry about direction again ! i have not have any problem with the system not find a street address like i experience with other model in the past . i would definitely recommend to anyone that be shop for a gp .
515	GPS	POS	4	the combo pack for $ 199 be great . it doesnt come with a ac adapter for home , only for the car . the case be good and the magellan software -lrb- my third magellan product -rrb- be easy to use . the button could have be improve with lighting but all in all a great value for the price , especially compare with over price garmin , etc. .
144	GPS	POS	5	i have be use this unit for about a week now . in a word , it be awesome . it act as a flash drive when connect via the include usb cable . you can access all the file store on the unit in this way . apparently , most gp unit only have serial connection and must use proprietary software to upload file . -lrb- i be very happy that i do not have to deal with that on this unit . -rrb- also , the geocach point feature be very nice . i simply use the include software to convert my . gpx file to the . g use by the unit . this let you carry the coordinate , person who place the cache , last find , hint , etc info with you . i think the only thing miss be the `` description '' field . however , i do not know if any gp unit will show that field . in most case , you do not need that field anyway . i have use the unit to log about 20 cache find so far . in any case , i highly recommend this unit .
949	GPS	POS	5	i have several piece of equipment in my front room that need a internet connection , and i do want to run ethernet cable all all through my house from my router in my bedroom . i have a friend recommend the netgear wgps606 wireless print server . so i take my buddy 's suggestion and purchase the netgear print server at a very good price at amazon.com . i now have everything hook up and work like a charm , and it be all wireless . i could not ask for better . it be not hard to hook up , and configure .
676	GPS	POS	4	i get my garmin in order to use it on a trip to europe . the gp signal be great and it be very fast recalculate when a change in course occur . it be not great on the altitude and velocity but overall it work fine . very light weight and nice design . i now use it primarily in south-america and it work just as good .
463	GPS	POS	5	the dual usb car charger for ipad order from battery world work . that be something right there . and it charge quickly as well as doubly .
238	GPS	POS	5	i be impress by the speed and efficiency in deliver my garmin gps ! when i get it i be thrill with all the feature it come with ! it be easy to use and i can record my datum in my pc for future adjustment . a real worth-buying !
736	GPS	POS	5	i own a old 3.5-inch garmin streetpilot c340 for a few year . it be a good small machine , and still work , but it be screen be small , and the body be very thick . it be time to buy another thin and big screen garmin , so i get a 5 '' nuvi 1490-mlt . it have a huge screen , and thin body just what i have be look for . i have this gp for a few month already , but do not really test it yet . it be work just fine like my old pilot so far . the 1490 t model price have drop significantly , but 1490-lmt model be still expense .
249	GPS	POS	4	i buy this as my first gp from staples about 6 month ago and be generally very pleased with it . the pre-loaded navteq map be circa 2005 as best i could tell . some of these unit have the mp3 player\/fm transmitter and some do not , even though the box indicate they all do . i have use this all over the country from maine to california , and it have be useful and accurate 95-98 % of the time . in los angeles it be a near-godsend . i do have a problem in northern maine , as another writer indicate , the navteq map be generally lack in that area . this unit be a 12-satellite -lrb- stage 2 -rrb- reciever . customer service seem to be a problem for many , and staples tell i they have stop sell these unit because they believe the company may be out of business . i find the interface reasonably easy to deal with , and the 4 '' screen size be a large plus versus most basic unit . unit take longer to lock up than a sirfiii , but i learn to deal with that without much issue . do not speak street name but do prepare driver for turn well with voice command . do not have any battery for those who want a portable unit at time , the viamichelin x-930 or other unit do . multiple route choice be good , pous 's be fair . this unit be considerably heftier than many newer small and light gps 's , but i do not hesitate to put it into check luggage because of its heft . perhaps the best testimony be that when mine be steal , i buy a refurbish unit -lrb- that i hope in fact have the mp3\/fm function -rrb- from a auction vendor , when i could have buy any number of new unit for $ 30 - $ 70 more .
251	GPS	POS	5	i recently buy a little sport car for jaunt through the countryside with my wife . the one thing it do not have be a compass . know that we would be go to unknown place and area , and have have compass build in to we other vehicle , i be aware of the help the compass could give on back road when you be try to find a road or a place . the aftermarket compass all seem to be quirky at best and completely wrong at worst -lrb- digital or otherwise -rrb- . initially i buy a -lrb- ... -rrb- bubble bell compass -lrb- suction mount -rrb- . it work -lrb- or do not work -rrb- as mention . so i start do research on the internet . i run across the garmin streetpilot c330 during my search . -lrb- ... -rrb- . after read the first 10 review , without totally know what i would be get , i decide to order the c330 -lrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- from amazon . still research since i have pick the supersaver freight and have a few day before shipment , i find the garmin website which explain both the c330 and the c340 . i find that the c340 have many of the feature the $ 1000.00 unit have . it have a better map datum base , it tell user the name of the street and it be also capable -lrb- although i will not be use the feature -rrb- of receive traffic datum signal -lrb- with a plug-in adapter and a yearly subscription -rrb- . -lrb- ... -rrb- . i figure that i would try it out and if it do not at least solve the compass problem , i would return the unit to amazon . so i cancel the order for the c330 and order the c340 , this time pay the $ 6.00 shipping to get it sooner . in the meantime , i download the c340 owner manual -lrb- http:\/\/www.garmin.com\/products\/manual.jsp?product=010-00401-20 -rrb- and quick reference guide to study before it arrive . it look a little too simple to believe it would actually work . -lrb- p.s. download the manual , because the c340 only come with a quick reference guide ; no manual -rrb- . well , yesterday the c340 show up . it cam in a large enough box to concern i , but that be only to protect it during shipping . once i open the box , i find a sealed package -lrb- envelope -rrb- that say open me first -rrb- , the windshield mount bracket and the power cord -lrb- 12v -rrb- . i notice right away the on the back of the open me first envelope it state if this package be open , the itme be not returnable other than for defect . be a old and irritated software buyer , this do not impress i very much . i figure i would return it somehow if it do not stack up . i open the envelope and take out the cd and the usb cable . the direction say to install the cd and have you c340 with the usbn cable ready to plug into you computer . i put the cd in and after a couple of menu screen , the program instruct i to plug in the unit to the computer . then it go through the registration process . it say `` congratulation '' and the program end , have install the usb driver for the c340 on my computer . garmin have what they call a `` pous loader '' program -lrb- point of interest -rrb- , which you have to download from the garmin website . i have not find any of these on they website . evidently the usb driver be there for future map update , etc. . in any case , i finish with the computer and begin to play with the c340 . i find that i only need to refer to the owners manual once or twice . the c340 be incredibly user friendly and allow you to play with it in the house -lrb- it come with charge battery ; which by the way recharge in the car -rrb- . the touch screen be super , clear and quick . i be able to go through a lot of the procedure list in the reference guide with the satellite hookup -lrb- the c340 do that once you get outside -rrb- . so , today be the big day for test the unit . i just have my truck work on and want to test the cruise control . i decide to go to a know location first . when i search for store , the c340 come up with the exact outlet mall i be go to . once on the screen you just press `` go '' . the unit show you the 2 or 3 dimensional map -lrb- i prefer the 2d map -rrb- and start talk to you . i select english-jill for the voice since it supposedly speak the name best . i have choose `` shortest route '' instead of `` fastest route '' -lrb- the 2 option the c340 give you -rrb- . without do anything else i intentionally follow `` she '' direction to see how accurate the c340 would be . frankly , i be impressed and amaze . the unit be flawless in get i there -lrb- @ 50 mile -rrb- , even tell i the correct name for road i have be on hundred of time and do not know . once we get to the outlet mall in good shape , i decide to go to a amish restaurant way out in the country -lrb- 50 mile of small backroad -rrb- . the garmin c340 do not have the exact place in storage , but it allow you to type in a city and i find a place that be nearby . i figure that if i make it to the actual restaurant , i would use the `` save favorite '' button to put it in the c340 memory . then in the future i would be able to get there from anywhere . this be a super feature of at least the c340 and probably the c330 . when you be at a place that you will want to go to later it be a simple task to save the location , and then the c340 will take you there from anywhere . in any case , i follow the direction the c340 give i and soon we be travel on little country road i have never be on . it show you compass head as you drive , and we be head in approximately the right direction and have all day , so i let the c340 run the show . it show you speed and the estimate time of arrival . it tell i from the beginning that we have about 1 1\/2 hour to drive to get to the restaurant . needless to say , we arrive at the location i have pick -lrb- which be about 1\/2 mile from the restaurant -rrb- in just about that much time . the 2 time i get off track because the road be not marked very well , the c340 recalculate the trip and give i direction to get back on track with a new estimate time of arrival . the unit have a `` detour '' function on it , but i have not find it necessary yet . if you just go another way , the c340 initially try to get you back on track , and then give up and recalculate a new set of direction from you current location to the destination . once at the restaurant , i save the location for future use . now i be ready to go home . before i leave the house , i have program -lrb- not really `` program '' ; its about a 2 step button push -rrb- my home . now i just push `` where to '' ; `` home '' and we be on we way . since i have travel this route many time , i decide to go my regular way -lrb- i be get tired -rrb- , and make the c340 correct any difference . on the way back , there be two instance of `` difference '' . both involve small jog that probably be `` shorter '' by a few foot . i ignore the instruction and within seconds the c340 have make the adjustment to get we back on track . the c340 use almost the exact route we always use to get we home . it be flawless . after get home , i decide to go to the store . rather than programming something in , which i -lrb- a -rrb- do not need direction to ; and -lrb- b -rrb- would not save anyway , i just decide to push `` browse map '' . this bring up a map show my exact location , compass head and speed . i do lose the satellite for about 30 seconds during this ride -lrb- it show on the screen which stop move also -rrb- . i turn the c340 off and then on , and it find the satellite . i continue on . once do at the store , i push `` home '' and it give i direction right to my house again . i think enough of this c340 , that i buy another windshield mount and a ac adapter for it -lrb- i find they on ebay -rrb- . i have see complaint for the garmin case that amazon sell that it be not big enough . i feel it be too big . i just want a case to contain the main head of theunit , since you do not want to leave it in the windshield when you be out of the car and i want it protect . i find a sony lcs-csd soft carry cas for a cybershot camera that fit the head perfectly -lrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- at staples . so far in the 2 day that i have own this unit , i feel that it work great , be simple to operate and i think it be money well spend . it should really be useful this summer for we country road trip . my wife be impress with this gp also . i may get she one for mother 's day . i have list below information from the garmin website . you should visit they website and download the manual if you be interested in this gp . one world for the c340 : super information from the garmin website -lrb- http:\/\/www.garmin.com\/mobile\/products.html#automotive -rrb- as of 3\/10\/2006 the streetpilot `` c-series '' gp navigator feature a simple touchscreen interface , with automatic route calculation to any destination and turn-by-turn voice-prompted direction along the way . select a destination be straightforward and require only a limited amount of input from the user . plus , the streetpilot c320 and streetpilot c330 allow you to choose between a three-dimensional navigation view or the more traditional `` bird 's eye '' overhead view . for the ultimate out-of-the-box convenience , the streetpilot c330 come preprogram with highly detail mapsource city select street datum . the database feature nearly six million point of interest-including hotel , restaurant , gas station , atm , and attraction . -lrb- the c320 come with a 128 mb sd card and a mapsource city select cd-rom for datum transfer from a pc via a usb connection . -rrb- as a add benefit , you can now import customize point of interest with the help of garmin 's free pous loader software . the possibility be endless - upload safety camera or school zone , and you will receive a warning if you be travel too fast . in addition , a optional proximity-alert feature notify you of upcome custom poi . the centerpiece of both unit be a bright , 3.5-inch diagonal , 16-bit color display that make navigation a snap . the streetpilot c330 feature dual integrate speaker for high-quality voice prompt , and a internal lithium-ion battery for out-of-car route planning . the new streetpilot c-series boast distinctive and sleek styling-the only button be a rotary volume knob and a on\/off switch . the device be secure by a suction-mount cradle that fasten to the windshield for easy portability between vehicle . user can customize they unit 's appearance with a array of color faceplate -lrb- sell separately -rrb- . garmin part number : 010-00401-10 -lrb- ... -rrb- -lrb- for domestic us market only -rrb- the streetpilot c340 provide in-car navigation that be simple for anyone to use directly out of the box . after select a destination from the user-friendly touch screen interface , garmin 's text-to-speech feature tell user the name of the street , when to turn , and in what direction . if you miss you turn , the c340 automatically calculate a new route to the destination . notification of traffic delay be a c340 option that let driver see congested area via a color-code map . this feature let user avoid traffic by simply push a button that will calculate a new route . this traffic awareness be make possible via the new garmin gtm 10 tm fm tmc receiver that connect to select garmin street navigation product . the gtm 10 receive digital datum from specific fm broadcast station in select major metro area throughout the united states and europe . the streetpilot c340 come preprogram with highly detail city navigator  nt street datum of the entire united states , canada , and puerto rico . the database feature nearly six million point of interest-including hotel , restaurant , gas station , atm , and attraction . as a add benefit , you can now import customize point of interest with the help of garmin 's free pous loader software . the possibility be endless - upload safety camera or school zone , and you will receive a warning if you be travel too fast . in addition , a optional proximity-alert feature notify you of upcome custom poi . the streetpilot c340 join garmin 's grow line of automotive gp navigator . it have a bright , 3.5-inch diagonal , tft display with touchscreen ; dual integrated speaker for high-quality voice prompt ; and a internal lithium-ion battery for out-of-car route planning . the streetpilot c-series boast distinctive and sleek styling-the unit ' only button be a rotary volume knob and a on\/off switch . the device be secure by a suction-mount cradle that fasten to the windshield , for easy portability between vehicle . user can customize they unit 's appearance with a array of color faceplate -lrb- sell separately -rrb- . garmin part number : 010-00401-20 -lrb- ... -rrb-
934	GPS	POS	4	. . be that the heartrate appear in very small font at the right corner which make it impossible to read when run . there be no disply option that i have find that would allow i to look at the heartrate in a bigger font screen center . i think they try to fix this in a later model . bummer ! overall , i like this product .
838	GPS	POS	5	i have never own a gp before . since my sense of direction be not always the greatest , i decide a gp might be the answer . this model be suggest by a friend . i take it on a trip to clearwater beach in florida . it be a life saver . it save many argument between my husband , who refuse to ask for direction , and myself . we be able to find place of interest in a timely and efficient manner . the unit be fairly easy to program and the large screen be a plus . it be a great time saver . do not know how i live without it !
207	GPS	POS	5	i be a confirm tom tom user and happen to come across this large screen magellian on amozon . since the old eye aren `` t what they use to be i be intrigue with the 7 inch screen . well be i in for a surprise . we use this machine to be we guide from south texas all the way to hamilton , ontario . the ease of operation be fantastic , we follow it all the way and do not encounter any difficulty at all . right thru houston , baton rouge memphis , nashville and a few other without a mistake . good job and well do this product be a good buy and deliver as promise .
627	GPS	POS	4	since i no longer use my `` stock cd\/cassette\/am . fm radio '' , as all my music be on my samsung focus -lrb- finally find a 32 gig expansion memory chip that be windows phone 7 certified . this tuck into the cd aperture , and there be a thick plastic knob that tighten the grip by expand once place inside the cd slot and turn . there be a push button release to remove you phone\/gps from the mount . some folk be complain that they could not get sufficient `` grip to tighten it all the way '' . swivel the part that actually \*\* hold \*\* the phone upside-down . that will give you all the `` room '' you need . now that it be tighten , turn it back over and it be ready for use . i also use the monster cable cassette tape adapter and use the mp3 from my samsung focus . have not take this puppy out for a `` test drive to see how it do over bump and such '' . once this get the `` road test '' , i 'll edit my review accordingly . 8.19.2011 8.21.2011 ~ wow , i be impressed , drive this over the toughest road in my truck , it do bounce , but so did the truck and everything in it !! ; -rrb- -rrb- this unit pass my `` acid test '' , so it be `` christopher approved '' . btw , if you want to see the video of this in operation , go here to the mountek site : -lrb- ... -rrb- btw , they say `` shipping between aug 21 and 26th '' . i order this on weds aug 17 , 2011 and it arrive usps on friday before noon . pretty fast\/slick . i be impressed with that quick a delivery . christopher
981	GPS	POS	4	buy this one to replace the one i leave in a rental car . it be identical and work great when you use the sticky pad to hold on dash . mark
233	GPS	POS	4	this be my fifth gp unit . my first gps unit be a lowrance gm100 follow by a garmin and a magellan sportrak and then a lowrance go2 . all have be good unit . i be very inpress when i first receive the lowrance h20 unit . i be impress by the screen size first and foremost . second , i be pleasantly suprised to find the car power adapter . shortly after purchase the unit , i buy the software package . it include the map software , a 64mb sd card and the card reader . i be very happy with the set , but i would have prefer a direct cable connection to the unit as oppose to have to use the card reader to transfer datum . the software be also somewhat limit in feature as well . i would like to see more feature involve trail . the map be great and very accurate . transfer datum work great but be somewhat difficult in that you must remove the card which require removal of the battery . i would give the unit five star if it be not for the above limitation . if you just look at the unit itself base on accuracy and useability , it definitely rank five star .
882	GPS	POS	4	i have use a mio c310x for awhile before my son take it from i to leave for college , so i experience use a gps nav enough to understand and appreciate all aspect of the review by ` the shadows ' . it be a honest , expertise and comprehensive one . i be about to buy one , though i do not like the tomtom one not to have phone number of poi that the mio do abundantly . victor .
414	GPS	POS	4	i have be use this gp around the boston area for about a month , and i think it deserve a solid 4 star , but some quirk keep it from earn 5 star . i be debate between this and the 3790 -lrb- which ultimately prove prohibitively expensive -rrb- . i be very happy with the large size of the 2460 - the 3790 be nice and slim and pedestrian-style portable but i have only use my gp in pedestrian mode once . have a bigger device in my hand do not cause a problem for the short amount of time i be use it . the eco-score feature have actually get i to drive more efficiently -lrb- i.e. more slowly -rrb- on the highway and i have experience a real increase in my mpg rating -lrb- i use to score about 26mpg , now i be up around 30 -rrb- . i love the `` at the pump '' feature , which track you mpg rating when you put in mileage and fuel stats . the ability to customize the home screen be great , too . i have add link button for `` where be i '' and `` at the pump . '' bluetooth work great and i be thrill to be able to use the voice command to access my address book . speak of voice command , it be a great feature that i be happy to have . i would say it be about 85 % accurate . it can not hear you if you have get the radio on -lrb- big deal , just turn it down for 5 seconds -rrb- and i feel much safer use vocal command to find my destination than lean over the dash to type they in while drive . unfortunately , the garmin keep disappointing i with the way it route i around heavy traffic . most of my driving be on the highway in suburbia and the traffic datum be supposedly pull in over a fm link and in my case be only accurate\/updated if you be within a certain -lrb- close -rrb- distance of the city of boston , so usually i find out too late that heavy traffic be ahead . it also often suggest i get off the highway and back on a mile down the road , which never work out in my favor . i be think i will shut off the traffic avoidance feature altogether . in the garmin 's defense , when you be in traffic in the boston area , there be no way to avoid it in any meaningful way regardless of what gp you have . a few time i have tell it to take i home through local road , and i have enjoy the slow and easy scenic drive and have not worry about get lose , but they have not really save i any time during my commute . all in all , i be very happy to have get this device , especially since i get it on sale for $ 200 . i feel good know i have lifetime map and love the voice command feature and the large size . traffic datum have be a letdown but that be my only major complaint .
274	GPS	POS	5	purchase the 305 when i finally get feed up with the runkeeper app force closing on my droid . i love be able to glance at my wrist and see my pace . i live in the middle of nowhere and it have only `` lose '' satellite when i go into a brick building at a nature center . once i be back outside it pick up quickly and i continue my run . i have not use all the feature yet but love have it . pretty neat to use the heart rate monitor too . battery cover on the monitor do chafe -lrb- instruction book tell you this -rrb- , need to use lube , i keep tuck my tshirt under it lol . will not be use the monitor often , but still a neat feature . great little gadget : -rrb-
987	GPS	POS	4	as a qc inspector for the nation largest cable tv provider , i drive all over state , and it be great to have a gp that work . i be able to enter multiple address of location to visit , optimize the route and take care of business . the only two minor issue be : the first , i would like to have option of have the farthest job first from start point when optimize , versus the closest from start point . the second be when i re-route due to road construction or something similar , the unit take a few moment to respond so i be leave in limbo on the street . do not let these two minor issue sway you decision on not get this gp . the positive be : the screen be exceptionally good size to see while drive , the audio can be hear over radio , the map be update for lifetime via computer download from magellan website , there be also a traffic alert button to advise of any possible issue ahead . all in all , i give this gp device 4 out of 5 star and would recommend to driver for work or pleasure .
178	GPS	POS	4	overall the garmin be work pretty well for we need . the only thing we find be that it have take we to several restaurant that be not there anymore . but we just pick another one near by and go there . we love that feature too - find attraction close by where we be and place to eat . you never know what be over the next hill ! the audio be pretty good - loud enough for both i and my husband - in fact i have have to turn it down several time ! we be very glad we buy this model .
408	GPS	POS	5	i buy this for my father for father 's day last year because he have to drive a average of 6 hour a day for he work and sometimes have to drive to other state where he doese not know much about the road . he be use a old garmin that he work give he that be aboout 10 year old . it be good , but it be tiny and he eyesight be not what it use to be . ever since i get it for he he have love it . the screen be really big so he have no problem see it , the picture be really lively and have good color , and be very descriptive in how it mark the road , body of water , yourt location , the route to take , and where to turn . the voice be very clear -lrb- there be only one -rrb- , and when ever you be to make a turn it make a sound like ding-dong , with the pitch different for go left , right , or straight . if you do not like that you can turn it off or choose a different sound in the option . the highway assist feature be really good , where it show green highway sign and then light up the one for you to take . there be alot option about what you want it to show on the screen , like the time , eta , you cadinal direction , elevation , speed , ect . the ui be also very good and easy to use , and when you put in a address it use the feature where you only have to type in a few letter of of a address and it block out the letter that do not make any sense , and it give you a listing of the address which be close to it and you can choose from they . my dad say he really like that feature . a word about the mount : if you be go to use this for any great amount of time , you should get the extend mount that magellan sell . the basic mount it come with be just ok but pretty cumbersome and clumsy . the extend mount be like the same end piece but its attach to a big arm that attach to you windshield instead of you dash . my father hasent have any trouble update the firmware . this do not have any feature like mp3 playing or photo album but my dad say people at he work have garmin nuvis with those feature and he do not need they . you can watch movie play from a laptop on this though if you have the right cable , it also have a sd slot . this gp be so good that one time my parent stay over at a motel and leave this on the windshield , and someone smash in the window and steal it . so i have to get he another one . so over all , this be not perfect , but its one of the best gp 's out there .
907	GPS	POS	5	se lo regale a mi mama , es muy comodo y facil de usar , por otro lado el a & ntilde ; os libre es fabuloso , se conecta automatico al ensenderce el gp . lo recomiendo por su tama & ntilde ; o y facil oxidad de usar
21	GPS	POS	4	head mount could be stronger , but great value for the money ... . i use for 2 trip already on my 1100 shadow , and work great easy to see as u ride .
802	GPS	POS	5	what be great about it : easy to use & understand ... lifetime maps ... lane assist be a life saver ... customizable ... nice interface i travel a lot , but where map and direction be concern , i be a dummy . i have always have problem in figure out where i be go , how to get there and how to get back . this be my first gps unit and the process in select a good one seem confusing and difficult . call it good fortune , but after web research , i land on this one , and wow , be i glad i do ! every thing i have do & discover from the minute i get home and open the box have reinforce this great purchase . a few highlight . 1 . lifetime map ... rather than to pay $ 90 - 100 per year for map update , pay a little more upfront , get a unit that have the `` lm '' designation . with what little knowledge i have about gps unit , this be my first great decision . 2 . lane assist and detailed `` junction view '' . keep you in the right lane , and a great split-screen view of highway junction as you approach they . as i say , i be a traffic dummy and these be the place where i always get lose , go or confuse ... but i have try this and it work . i just listen to what be be say , check the lane indicator and stay there until tell otherwise . i have the benefit of be able to test this in los angeles , san jose & portland - and i sail through each of these city with ease . 3 . customization ... when you go to the garmin site , register and log in , you can then download different type of vehicle , voice and other nicety for you device . you can even create custom voice , such as you own ! map update ... the process take a few hour the first time . you do have to download they `` communicator plugin '' and the map updater first , after that , every thing go smoothly and -lrb- again -rrb- good for dummy such as myself . fit and finish ... during my search for a gp device , i look at all the major maker and find i find the look of the garmin road and map a lot better than any of the other . i also like the stark design of the unit itself . it just look good . this be a 5 '' unit and -lrb- for i -rrb- very easy to see & read . should you pay a little more and get a unit that also include traffic capability ? for some , perhaps . i find this on sale for $ 127.00 and for that price , this be perfect .
119	GPS	POS	5	i buy this gp for we trip to south and the experience be wonderful . ease of enter address , select we favorite place , real time map and voice prompt help a lot ! we never get lose . wish total trip summary be display before start of drive . a solar charger will also be a great help when wire charger get lose !
48	GPS	POS	5	great product , largest screen size for this type of navigation .
846	GPS	POS	4	this thing be very cool . find satilite and plot course quickly . amazingly accurate . i have have this for a couple of month now and use it daily mostly for fun . if you make a wrong turn it quickly recalculate a new route if you do it more than once it seem the voice sound unhappy with you for not follow its direction . i do the on line map and firmware update but it still doesnt show a major grocery store that be build over 3 year ago maybe i need the map update send on disk which be avaliable at a extra charge the store that be list show address distance form you location and phone number , which be very handy but as for the sound factor . the speaker be on the back of the unit face away from you . if you be drive at freeway speed with you window or even crack open or if the radio be on you cant hear the direction -lrb- make i happy i do not buy the blutooth model -rrb- if you be lay next to the windsheild i bet you could hear it just fine if the speaker where on the front or even have something to direct the sound forward i think would help a lot other than the voume i be very happy with my purchase if i have it to do again i would buy the bigger screen
323	GPS	POS	4	cord work fine , but do not fit in desire location because the connector be straight instead of the 90 deree end as show in photo .
982	GPS	POS	5	the garmin nuvi 350 be my third gp , and it be by far the best unit i have use . as a avid gps user , i can not express enough praise for this unit . with its large touch screen , complete u.s. street map , built-in mp3 player , jpeg viewer , voice output navigation , this be one sweet unit . i hook be up out of the box , and it work perfectly for i in just minute . -lrb- to discover all its feature , however , i admit that i do have to scan through the paper manual , and then i read the . pdf manual that be include with the unit . -rrb- this be a extremely simple unit to use , and it be very intuitive . at first , i think i would not like its limited set of screen and menu , but with use , i have come to appreciate how garmin simply remove the clutter that multiple option give i on previous unit . most shocking be how inexpensive and yet powerful this unit be . my last garmin be a quest -lrb- with color screen -rrb- for which i pay about $ 500 in 2006 . this nuvi be much faster , have a bigger screen , and provide far more capability than my previous unit . for i , this be a quantum leap forward in technology in just a 2-year period of time . i really appreciate the fact that it take a sd card . i buy a 2gb card and have load almost 30 cd of music , and there be still room to spare . i just plug the output of the nuvi into my car stereo -lrb- via a cassette adapter -rrb- , and i no longer have to carry a bunch of cd with i any more . some thing this unit do not provide include track log , route , and a few other odds and end , which i think i would miss . but within a very short time , i realize i do not need those thing to navigate with ease . thank you , garmin , for make such a compact , intuitive , and feature-packed unit . the nuvi 350 be a real winner for both novice and experienced gp user .
281	GPS	POS	4	i be a certified home health aide for the visit nurses association of central jersey . my territory cover all of monmouth county . there have be time in the middle of my day that a call from the office have change my schedule and my path of travel . a hard copy of travel direction be cumbersome , inflexible , and actually dangerous to read as i be drive . the garmin streetpilot have make my assignment so much easier to reach without the fear of get lose .
211	GPS	POS	4	. . as should be obvious , know exactly where you be be equally as important as know exactly where you need to be . as a sonet technician , i purchase this unit to help find communication site in obscure , often desolate area of the eastern us . in the past , i have to rely upon either someone whom have never actually be there and use a web-based mapping site to issue turn-by-turn direction , or people recall the location from memory , `` i think you turn at  , then look for the concrete cow on the left which mean you just pass the turn so go back and turn right . '' neither be very accurate , so i begin use my laptop and try out a number of mapping program . i settle on m 's streets & trips 2000 due to the ease with which i could open a window of save point , double click on the one i need and find they automatically enter as waypoint -lrb- a feature inexplicably remove from subsequent release -rrb- . use a mapping program alone work fairly well , but the flaw be that once i miss a turn -- most often in the dead of night -- i have to determine where i be in order to find my way back to the plot course . terribly frustrating and confusing to be look for route 773 and be surround by route 377 , 737 , 337 , etc. . . this be a perfect application of a gps unit as it can save literally dozen of hour per year of time lose to backtrack .  my decision to purchase the magellan brand come of a friend 's recommendation of a map 330 and of distil fact from diatribe on number of gps-related bbss . instead of explore the merit -lrb- or lack thereof -rrb- of one mfgr \ model over another , these discussion typically degenerate into little more than flame war . anyway ... i purchase a magellan meridian platinum at the local compusa for considerably more than i would have pay have i order it from amazon . compusa stock neither the vehicle mount bracket nor the data\/power cable accessory on the day i purchase the unit .  when i first power up the unit , i be indoors and quite disappointed that i get no satellite lock whatsoever . however , it quickly find my location once i step outside and have a unobstructed view of the sky . i discover that the unit work less than perfectly unless hold vertically and that even a single finger place over the antenna section substantially degrade reception . i enter into m streets & trips 2002 -lrb- st2k2 -rrb- the lat-long location datum for the 14 site we need to visit between atlanta and jax , fl . use the include datum cable , i connect the meridian platinum to the laptop , then run the gps setup . i be on the road in minute . find the site be a piece of cake for the most part , though it do take a while to get use to the update lag time . st2k2 's help file explain that the software poll the gps only every 15 seconds , mathematically account for what i find to be a average of nearly 1\/3 mile error in position . from then on , i have the driver slow down 1\/2 mile before each turn . when we do miss turn thereafter , it be only because st2k2 's map be not entirely accurate -lrb- particularly around athens , ga -rrb- .  i find myself constantly check the battery power display and wish i have the data\/power cable . be forwarn that the meridian platinum eat battery for lunch . i burn four per day -lrb- two set -rrb- over a four day period , average only slightly more than a halflife of what the documentation state ; i get no more than about eight hour from a fresh set of high quality alkaline . certainly the ability to turn off the unit 's display would dramatically increase battery life . i find no reference to do such in the . pdf manual . this be a oversight in my opinion , but undoubtedly can be correct in a software update from magellan .  because the mount bracket be not available at the time i make my purchase , i have to leave the meridian on the dashboard . from this arise a number of problem . the gp be occasionally power down when bump in rough backroad cause it to bounce around and depress the power button . also , it frequently lose satellite lock due in part to such jostle , but more to the fact that it be impossible to have a unobstructed view of the sky inside the cab of a large truck and that it can not be hold vertically without the mount bracket . another consequence of be on the dash be that the unit become \* extremely \* hot when expose to direct sunlight . so hot , in fact , i become concerned that such tremendous heat might be damaging . while it seem no less the worse for wear , i would rather it not get that hot in the first place . i believe the simplest solution to these problem be not a mount bracket , but a external antenna -- the expensive unit can then sit safely tuck out of harm 's way . unfortunately , the meridian line do not provide for the direct connection of a external antenna , and this alone might be reason enough to warrant a return for refund . i find it tremendously annoy that the designer would disallow such a option .  i buy a unit much more capable than i actually need or will ever use , so my advice to those new to gpss be that you take you time and fully investigate the function you need , carefully research the function that several different vendor and they unit provide , then , once you have decide on what you want , stop and research a little more . if at all possible , borrow a friend 's or rent a number of different model for a few day . i can not knock the meridian platinum because it have more feature than i 'll ever use , and i be certain backpacker and geocacher will love this thing , but the lack of a external antenna port must be take into account . this can not be overstate : if the primary use of you gp receiver will be inside a vehicle , look for something else .  i award the magellan meridian platinum 4 of 5 star .  pro : works well , seem quite rugged , have numerous cool feature , and will give owner obvious brag rights . con : lack external antenna capability , a bit spendy , and eat battery like m&m; s.
893	GPS	POS	5	this be my second gp -lrb- i upgrade from a etrex legend -rrb- and i love it ! it do a excellent job keep a signal when in the wood where my old one would not have have a signal at all . i also like the digital compass and altimeter even though i think they would just be another toy feature when i buy it . i have some map load on it now too and with a 1gb card i can hold most all of the us . you can also save the track to the memory card . the navigation feature do not seem to work well for i though but i think that may be because i be use a old version of mapsource -lrb- v7 -rrb- . overall i would highly recommend this .
964	GPS	POS	4	before purchase this garmin i have down-grade nuvus that i really love . in my experience garmin nuvi be the most user friendly gp out there , but after close to two year my map be completely outdate and it become virtually useless . i look at buy map update , but they cost $ 100 and that be just for the u.s. ! this model have a few great upgrade like a icon to show you what lane you should be in if a fork in the road be approach and you can choose the level of detail you want the map to display . the down side : there be advertising occasionally , which be irritating but it be fairly subtle , i imagine that be how they pay for the lifetime map update . it display the speed limit and you speed , which be nice , but you speed turn red when you be speed . once again , a little annoying but tolerable . finally , it come set in safe mode and therefore will not allow you to operate it if the car be move at all , but a option pop up to disable safe mode when it happen . once i disable it , it never reappear . for you gp to work properly you really need to update the map once a year , so when you put that into perspective -lrb- at $ 100 a update -rrb- it be really a amazing deal . overall i love it ! if it be not for the advertising i would give it a 5 star rating .
426	GPS	POS	5	i buy the garmin 7200 for the big 7 '' screen to use in we motor home . i do a lot of search and read forum before decide on this one . the text to speech be the greatest as it tell i to move to the right lane more than enough advance of the exit or turn , very important drive a motor home or any vehicle for that matter . if i make a wrong turn it direct i right back to the my route . my wife be the navigator and say it be the best addition to the motor home . she say it be a big stress reliever . we can go off the schedule route and get right back on in the shortest time without worry . the pous 's be wonderful , national parks , gas station , store almost anything .
787	GPS	POS	4	personally , i like megellan product better , i currently own two of they ... but magellan gp do not have the pedestrian mode on any of they unit , garmin do ... so i buy this unit specifically for that purpose ... the pedestrian mode be great for when i be in a unfamiliar town ... i park the car ... punch in where be i , save to favorite ... and after hour of wander at which point i have no clue as to where i park ... this unit or pretty much all they unit have this function , will give you step by step direction back to you car ... how neat be that ...
518	GPS	POS	5	i first experience a rental car garmin which be why i buy mine - superfantastic for get around la , travel from the mid-west to ca . so much easier and safer than look a map or write down direction . a must for big city drive and travel cross country - find hotel , gas station , coffee shop , nearby store with great ease - phone number supply so you can call to make reservation , etc. . how do i live without it ?
660	GPS	POS	5	i really like they , and this model be slightly improve over previous one . it have a additional screen that conveniently display additional information . it be easy to use and accurate . the first one i own fail due to a software glitch , but garmin provide i with a patch . i especially like the ability to download waypoint from my topographical program . get the carry case so the screen do not get scratch up .
472	GPS	POS	5	this strap be so much more comfortable than the one that come with the watch . it be easy to install , and the charge dock fit nicely and without trouble . the only suggestion be to attach the strap reverse of how the direction suggest . i think attach this way make the watch easier to put on .
96	GPS	POS	5	this be a great product . it be user friendly and great to handle . i just love it , it get i where i need to go .
106	GPS	POS	4	just buy the garmin c320 . i love the product but here be a few suggest improvement . 1 -rrb- i be a realtor so most of the address i be look up be in the same city . it would be nice if there be a default feature so i do not have to type in texas , then the city name everytime . 2 -rrb- when enter address , the screen should give the option of a qwerty keyboard since most of we be more familiar with that . 3 -rrb- it would be really cool if we could download we contact from outlook into the gp under my address . if would be useful to have the info handy and just touch the address for direction . 4 -rrb- wish the voice be not so robotic . she say the same thing . no reason she could not say it in a natural sound voice . i change my setting to the british accent call she moneypenny . other than that , this be a great product for a great price . easy set up and use , great screen , good direction , nice mount , touch screen work perfectly , like the sd card , the restaurant , gas station be very useful , good clarity etc. . almost perfect .
727	GPS	POS	4	i purchase this to use with a zumo 660 . i think i have order a solid composit unit . my fault . however i like the space saving for storage . i have not riden on a cloudless day since install . seem to be effective . will have to see how velcro attachment hold up at highway speed .
436	GPS	POS	5	i have be want to plug my usb printer into my network for a while now , so that all of my computer can print without have to keep one `` server '' computer on all the time . first , i use a custom firmware for my router , and plug the printer into its usb port . it be alright , but print job would take a few seconds to `` arrive '' at the router , and the firmware end up brick my router . so i look into this device . my printer be not on the support printer list , but i guess that it would be fine because it be a pretty basic `` print only '' printer , a samsung ml-1660 . i do not install any software that come with this print server - i just plug it in , find its ip address by check which `` attach device '' ip address match the mac address print on the device , and install a new printer on a `` local '' tcp\/ip port , point to the aforementioned ip address . send a test page and it immediately print - exactly what i want - a simple device that do not require any extra software to be install on client computer . work on windows 7 pro x64 and x86 . highly recommend . only mistake i make be i assume it would not come with a cat5 cable , so i order one with it . turn out it do come with a 6ft black cat5e cable .
302	GPS	POS	5	after look at the consumer report website , this tomtom one gps model be consider to be the best value . so i go ahead and purchase this model . and i be glad i do !!! it be very easy to use and very accurate . i think it would be hard to specify a drive to location ... but to my surprise it be so simple . it be a lot easier and faster than go out to a google . map or mapquest . the drive direction be very accurate . i could not trick the system at all . all the feature you get be very helpful ... such as estimate arrival time , mile before next turn , etc. . i really like that it show where gas station and other poi be located . when i be drive , my girlfriend have to use the rest room . the tomtom show i where the next gas station be ... i be glad it do , because i never even know that this gas station exist because it be hide by tall tree . plus the screen be nice and big .
780	GPS	POS	5	i love the nuvus 350 ! i like this gp because it actually say street name . . not just `` turn leave '' . garmin be rate highly by consumer report as well . i also like how you can make you own pous file and import . i just buy my mom one for mother 's day too : -rrb-
180	GPS	POS	5	i be reluctant to pay more money , consider i see other price hundred less . i recently move to a new state , and need something short of hijack a local to get around . i like to expandability of this middle of the road model . i especially like the portability of it , that i can carry it in my pocketbook or mount it on the car . although i find turn it on take a few hard push on the button-but it still be a great device . it have prove itself especially in traffic when i hit the detour button . it be well worth the money !!!
677	GPS	POS	5	i recently use the device for a trip from new jersey to west virginia . the garmin nuvi 350 take i from point a to point b without a problem . it even navigate through back road to several state park located in the mountain . i be especially impress by the way it navigate through multiple highway that either converge or split into other highway . the audible navigation be clear and the system be quick to recalculate a route when need . it be understandable that not every roadway or address can be properly list . perhaps municipality and\/or county who already gather local mapping information can lend a hand by submit up to date information so consumer can have the latest datum at a reasonable price . at a cost of $ 670.00 , garmin could have offer the consumer at least one free map update when it become available . i recommend this device to anyone who need or like to travel .
767	GPS	POS	5	garmin have really do it with this receiver . they basically take the accuracy of the gpsmap60cx and the waypoint \/ geocache manager software from the oregon series and put it in one unit . the accuracy be excellent even under heavy canopy and the interface be extremely user friendly . all of the additional mapping feature -lrb- custom map -rrb- be just the icing on the cake .
773	GPS	POS	5	great gps basic for training . the heart band will not work well if you battery be low , but that be understandable ... just be sure you charge you garmin before you go training .
594	GPS	POS	5	the garmin 110 be a outstanding watch for both training and racing . it show only the important datum : distance , heart rate , lap pace , and time . i configure mine in under 5 minute , and it require only two button press to start a run -lrb- one to start the gps , the other to start the run -rrb- . this watch be much smaller than any of the other garmin model , and can be comfortably worn as a day-to-day watch . the strap be wide and comfortable , and the screen be easy to see while run . the sirfstar iv gps chip find satellite quickly , usually between 20-60 seconds , and the heart rate monitor connect within a couple of seconds . the include charger allow charge from a wall outlet or a computer , and the cable be use to transfer you run to the -lrb- ... -rrb- website . garminconnect be easy to use and show you run in great detail . the replay feature be easily the coolest part of the site . run can not be review on the watch , so garminconnect be a integral part of the way this watch function . i have use my garmin 110 with windows vista and windows 7 . both work equally well and be easy to set up . i should note that the other extremely negative review be misguided and should be discount . the primary complaint about this watch be the lack of `` current pace '' . the garmin 110 do not show current pace by design , so anyone who buy this watch expect that feature will be severely disappoint . the product description on amazon be sorely lack , but a small amount of research would have reveal the feature of this watch . the several 1-star rating be misleading , and do not reflect the quality , size , and functionality of this watch . the garmin 110 be a outstanding gp watch for anyone who do not need all the bell and whistle of the more advanced model . this be also the first gp watch that be small and light enough to be worn day-to-day and actually look like a watch .
404	GPS	POS	5	wow ! very good satelite reception close to the window . grear german product i be use for aviation too .
101	GPS	POS	4	the gp work well , except that there be no instruction give on how to mount the gp on the dashboard , as california law disallow gp on windscreen . we have to figure it out ourselves , after a long time , and also end up break part of the bracket .
819	GPS	POS	5	i use this to keep track of my two dog while they be off lead in the wood . it do a great job . when they go off chase whatever , you can see where they be relative to yourself and if need be you can go after they since you know the direction to take . it be very accurate at show they location . great job garmin . my only complaint be that the track on the handheld seem to be position towards the bottom of the screen instead of the center . it give i total confidence to have they off lead so that if they get lose or hurt i will be able to find they . just a reminder , remember to re-calibrate the handheld when you change the battery . it be a very simple procedure but i forget about it and think there be something wrong with the unit . re-calibration solve the problem .
909	GPS	POS	4	i just receive this unit today about 3 hour ago . after play around with it and take it out for a short 20 minute drive , i think i get my money 's worth . install map to this unit take almost a hour . 1 . dvd setup copy everything to you computer . 25min 2 . select state and it zip it or something . 15min 3 . copy map to i3 unit . -lrb- -lrb- 5min -rrb- 4 . acquire satelite . -lrb- ~ 5min -rrb- i be able to add . va , md , nj , ny , de , pa , wv . i might have add couple more but i be not sure . i also add couple customer pous that i download from some site . screen size . i be afraid it might be too small , but actually it be not that bad . plus with voice prompt , all i have to do be glance at it from time to time to see if i be on the right track . navigation . it might be the map , but sometimes when i pass a intersection , i do not see anything on my i3 unit . or the name be different . i be navigate to my office right across the street , but i3 tell i to make left turn and go around instead of just head straight . i have 2005 civic and mount be kinda tricky . first , i place it lower middle of the windshield , but it be hard to reach . so i place it right on the center , it be easy to reach , but the cable bother i . i need to find the perfect spot to place this , or get battery . be a first time gps user , i be not 100 % satisfied . may be i be expect too much for this price , but i think the whole calculating\/locating\/navigating \/ get from satelite could be little faster . but i be very satisfied for this price . i be go on a trip to ny tonight and we 'll see if it be really worth $ 300 or i should have pay couple extra for a better unit . -- edited nov 29 , 2005 . i come back from my trip to ny from dc . it be great . i lose signal in tunnel and in the middle of ny city , skyscraper , but it come back alive pretty quickly . i leave the unit zoom in , and it zoom out automatically when i be on highway go over 60mph . it zoom back in when i get off highway . pretty neat . it also zoom in when i need to make turn or exit . the only issue i have be the map . it would be nice to be able to setup the map to show gasstation , restaurant , restarea , etc. . if i be look for mcdonald , i have to search and see map on every single mcdonald from the pous to see which one be on my way and not far from my route . another neat thing with pous be that they also provide phone number with address . no more 411 necessary . it be small enough to fit in my civic glovebox with the car adapter . i love it .
337	GPS	POS	4	the watch be really durable and have stand the test of time . i have drop it sereral time and it still keep work fine . the main reason i give it four star instead of five be the time it take for the satellite to find you at some location that i go to . many time i stand out by the road wait to run for five minute until it finally pick i up . but once it do , it work great and i never run without it ! awesome workout companion . it be cool to see how fast you be go and how far you have run . plug it into you computer and it will map you run on google maps and tell you you pace at any certain point so you can see where you need to improve ! it have so many feature that i have not even figure the whole thing out yet . it also keep track of you history right on the watch . really keep you motivate to run when you can get this frequent feedback on progress !
880	GPS	POS	5	i be very happy with this product . it be quality be just like the original item which come with my gp . this one look like and work like the original part . thanks
479	GPS	POS	4	great product , essential training aid , work well and datum be reliable . only downfall be that it be a little bulky .
336	GPS	POS	5	i purchase this gp for my wife -lrb- ha ha -rrb- for x-ma . we have both really enjoy it . it do precisely what i expect . it be very simple , easy to use and provide all the information you need . kid love it to . it keep they busy in the car as they can see upcome street , land mark and where you be go . great !!! purchase through amazon . outstanding customer service & shipping ! ud
299	GPS	POS	5	i have about 15 run on it so far . i use it at lease 3 time a week . almost everyone everyone in my run group -lrb- desert dash -rrb- have on . will not go wrong with this one .
108	GPS	POS	4	great watch . im use the watch to track pace per mile , current pace , distance and time mostly . i havent use the any of the other feature . i love the fact that you can have three screen display 4 different stats per screen up to 12 total . i do have two bad thing to say about the watch . first , it take too long for the watch to connect to a satelite -lrb- usually 3-5 min -rrb- and when i wear multiple layer the watch 's band then to come loose and hang . this problem doesnt occur when i have a single layer of clothes or a shot sleeve on . the watch be definitely not heavy , but a little bulky . not a big deal and something you get use to . all in all , a great watch for the price i pay -lrb- 130 -rrb- .
462	GPS	POS	4	i choose to upgrade to this version assume that bigger be better . in this case it be not . i have all sort of problem with this gp right off the bat . however i finally give in and contact tomtom customer care . i be so glad i do . it seem the unit i receive just have some bug in it . the representative be so sweet , work through every question i have and with no hestiation do whatever be need to resolve my issue . they truly could not have make it any easier . i wish all place have such great customer service . on a side note in regard to anyone else that have a hard time tell if a destination be on the left or right . the unit do not actually say it but they can program it to show on the screen .
182	GPS	POS	5	very complete map and million of pous . search function on the garmin 60 csx be very intuitive , better than my car navigation system . this will make you hike gp device just as functional for driving\/walking anywhere .
446	GPS	POS	4	the unit i receive from amazon quit work just before the 30 day return period . i leave on vacation just after it arrive and do not really start to use it until i get back . i ultimately end up get a new unit direct from garmin . my main reason in note this be that the first unit arrive obviously have be open previously -lrb- light dust on the rubberized grip ; user manual crease , etc. -rrb- while i understand that people return product and vendor need to try and resell they , i wish they would identify they as such . i suspect this unit get return because it be act erratic , but it be miss or ignore by amazon . basically i think the garmin gps unit be fine ; i be just annoy with amazon .
744	GPS	POS	4	i love this product with the exception of low resolution screen and why on earth be the keyboard abcdefg ... instead of qwerty ? this be very strange and uncomfortable . this be a blunder by garmin which i hope will be correct . the screen size be awesome and the response time be fast except in cloudy weather and downtown around tall building . update : garmin issue a update with the qwerty keyboard option . awsome ! i have have some delay find satellite even on clear day so my rating stay at 4 star .
643	GPS	POS	4	the product be good and easy to use . two flip side though : 1 . the garmin website do not work well with firefox and it take i 1 week to figure that out and hence the map updation process be a pain in the butt . 2 . unless you put the antenna out of this garmin gp , the device do not recognize you current location and simply give you direction from the last current place , which be there when you use gp with antenna . so , it be not very obvious why be it happen and it take i some time to figure out what be go on . this problem be specific to all garmin model with antenna , which suck . . ! 3 . other than that , device be just work fine .
836	GPS	POS	5	as a high handicapper i likely need a golf gp like i need a second wife , but since my wife have just go out and buy a lot of clothes which i do not think she need , i decide to act like a spoil brat and buy something for myself . not only be it easy to use , but it actually be beneficial . i quickly appreciate that my visual estimate to the pin could be off as much as 2 club . i have save on average 3-4 stroke per hole since i buy this item -lrb- i tell you i have a high handicap -rrb- . in addition , my wife who initially say , `` it be a waste of money '' , now ask i for she yardage or ask i to measure how far she have drive she ball . if you decide to buy a golf gp go with garmin . other then a short battery life -lrb- buy rechargeable battery -rrb- , it be terrific . bye the way , i initially buy a calloway gps . that be terrible and be return the very next week .
112	GPS	POS	4	i think it be great and it be all that it be advertise . i have take it geocach 3 time and find every one . i now sometimes wish i have get the vista , but for $ x less this be a great little unit . you do need to buy a compass to go with it .
139	GPS	POS	5	i purchase the 350 nuvus after much research , include reading review . i just take a 2400 mile trip across the us , include yellowstone and other site out west . the nuvus be only inaccurate a couple of time and that be when i take what appear to be newly open road . it be definitely useful , but you also need to pay attention to the road sign . i especially love that nuvus give warning about upcome turn and advance warning when you need to be in the right or left lane before a turn . we have start use the nuvus for geocach and it have be right on ! it be also useful when arrive to a destination early -- i be able to look up hotel further down the road and make a new reservation ! what a timesaver . i will not travel without it again !
24	GPS	POS	5	as a frequent traveller and someone interested in specific run goal , -lrb- as oppose to `` just go out for a jog '' -rrb- the forerunner 305 have be extremely helpful . my wife originally get i the forerunner 405 but it be too small for my wrist . -lrb- the 305 have a larger , alternate wrist strap -rrb- . my wife refer to the 305 as a `` laptop for the wrist '' but it be not heavy or cumbersome - the button be clearly marked and easy to use . the various training workout be helpful and easy to program -lrb- pace \/ distance \/ time \/ interval workout ... -rrb- . i have have no problem with the gp - just remember to turn the unit on when you be outside and ready to run -lrb- to ensure gps reception -rrb- . aural alert be helpful and there be enough function to check out that can keep you occupy on long run . i have not explore all of the training or navigation function on the 305 but i would venture to say that there be more than the average runner would need to use .
798	GPS	POS	4	so far we have be very pleased with the magellan roadmate 760 . we have try it out on a roadtrip and locally and seem to be right on the money . like the feature that tell you the length of time to complete the trip at the speed you be go .
928	GPS	POS	5	i use to have the tomtom one , with a 4.3 '' screen . i get this one for the larger screen . the software have many improvement , but be essentially the same . what i really like be the red light camera notification the map update service and the traffic info . if you like earlier tomtoms , this be a great upgrade .
126	GPS	POS	5	i be a fan of the hertz magellan neverlost system , but the bi-modal review of the magellan systems give the impression that there be prodcution quality issue . next , i be go to go for the garmin 2720 . it can be fit with dead reckoning , but need wiring to the car . review make i realize , my main reason for buy a gp be not to use on my car , but on business trip and hence rental car . so portability be key , and the nuvi have the best form factor . to lug a 2720 -lrb- with laptop , file etc -rrb- on business trip would make thing just the bit more heavy . in addition to the good point give by other reviewer , i must say the mount be excellent . it stick well and because the nuvi be so light , the mount do not have a lot to do to stick there . also , the cigarette lighter power can cleverly be plug straight into the mount and not the unit . to mount the nuvi , you have only to flip the antenna up -lrb- activate the gp -rrb- and clip it on . it power up straight away . then , when you get out , all you have to do , be press a small clasp release on the mount and out pop the nuvi . it even switch itself off after 30 seconds . you can also put the nuvi in `` search mode '' . while drive on the free way look for food or lodging , you only have to press `` where to '' and then press say `` lodging '' . the nuvi give you a list of hotel , motel , hostel near you . it also provide distance and arrow show whether they be ahead or behind you current position . the list update itself every few minute as you move along . see something you like ? just press it and the `` go '' button and nuvi take you there . it be a life saver when we be travel long distance late at night and need somewhere convenient to stay . finally , this be one gadget that my wife love . when on holiday , she invariably end up the navigator . its stressful for she and thing get heat up when i make a wrong turn require difficult new instruction on what to do . nuvi have change all that . she just sleep through , as the nuvi announce its `` recalculate '' the route . but indeed , you don `` t get a map which you can load on you pc , there be apparently no way to plan\/alter route on the nuvi prior to make a trip or to keep a record of you trip . garmin have be excellent in address user feedback , so i be hopeful . btw , i do not use the other function such as mp3\/calculator and would prefer the functionality on the gps be improve rather than these function . but that be just i since i still use a pda .
41	GPS	POS	4	it take a long time to plan a geocach trip and look up possible cache . it be a great hobby and i often do that before i travel to a new place . but sometimes i be on the road without a plan and this unit be just the thing . i find it work best for cache along highway or road . there be lot of grab and go cache that be fun . one reviewer say he do not like the small cache . i feel the same , but i have come to appreciate they . sometimes they be very easy and then there be other that i have not find after several trip back to the area . yes , it do have limitation . and it be a little pricey consider the lack of map . once i be within a few foot it seem ; i be stop by a steep bank and the interstate beyond . but when i turn it on and can locate treasure that be on my way , i be happy . and i bet it do not cost as much as that coat , or kitchen gadget , or knick knack you do not use any more . i have not use it with kid much , but it be a great introduction to geocach for my friend . usually i give they my `` real '' gpsr and use this to confirm we direction . lot of they now geocache with i . a little study will help you enjoy this great hobby . go to -lrb- ... -rrb- -lrb- the official site for hide and seek -rrb- , create a free account and browse around . learn the lingo , check out the map around you house . bet there be several cache to find . geomate jr will help .
859	GPS	POS	5	great product for the price . it also fit other model , just remove the bracket and the ball and sock  chargercity gps garmin nuvi windshield ball & socket suction cup mount & bracket unit holster bundle for garmin nuvus 200 200w 205 205w 250 250w 255 255w 260 260w 265t 265wt 270 275t 285 285w 285t 285wt -lrb- direct replacement warranty -rrb-
879	GPS	POS	5	this be the second underwater camera i have own . the other one be a olympus stylus 770sw . the olympus die on i in early april . i be think buy another olympus , when i check out the nikon aw100 . i decide to buy nikon because it seem a better camera than the olympus stylus tough 8010 14mp digit al camera or olympus toughtg-1 ihs . in the end i be glad i buy the nikon aw100 . it have be a month now and i be glad to say i make a good choice .
43	GPS	NEG	1	we buy this 2 1\/2 year ago for $ 800 because it be on oprah 's favorite thing think it would be a investment and a quality product and we would have it a long time . not even a year into own it a couple of the tong on the cradle get bent and we have to buy a replacement for $ 30 -lrb- since they have jack it up to $ 70 -rrb- because it would lose connection constantly . well , after a year it keep ask we to update the map and we live in sa and do not see a need since we be not travel outside of the city and we know it well so we do not . then it start stall , freezing and basically malfunction . we be tell to buy a map update by customer service for $ 99 and that would solve the problem . we buy the update and it seem to work after that . now since the cradle tong be incredibly delicate -lrb- and we be careful with it -rrb- another tong have bent one the new one . the update map signal come on a couple of week ago and what do you know-the gp be malfunction again . it seem like magellan have find a way to make a lot of cash by sell a unreliable product . first you have to pay $ 99 a year to keep the map update or else it will malfuction and if you bend the tong on the cradle -lrb- and you will -rrb- you will have to sell out $ 70 for a new one . also , it take forever to find you and sometimes you will pass right by the road you be suppose to take while it be decide where you should go only to have to turn around a mile down the road . that have happen many time . i be extremely upset with magellan since they do not offer to repair it-only map update and a trade in where i be sure they make money off you again since you already pay $ 800 for this one in the first place . and who be to say the second one they replace it with will be any better . save you money and do not get rip off by this scam they have go . it be a money pit and you be the loser .
220	GPS	NEG	1	the ad clearly say `` fit nuvi 250 '' , which i have , but it do not fit my garmin nuvi 250 . it be not big enough . furthermore , i have email the seller , and he have give no reply after several day .
538	GPS	NEG	1	i buy this item and after 1 day it break . then i receive a replacement and the replacement do not last i 3 day , i think he quality be very poor ... ... .
611	GPS	NEG	2	i have own this for a few month . the first few time it work fine , good capture etc. . then after a few week , the on\/off system fail like many other reviewer have state . i like the compact size , however the build quality be a little weak for constant outdoor use . the main problem be the on\/off switch , it simply be not dependable . also do anyone know be i can download the firmware ? any hint on the reset switch ? it also do not seem to work well .
995	GPS	NEG	1	i purchase a 760 in 2006 , with the promise that update would be available on a regular basis . several time in 2007 , the unit itself prompt i to go to magellangps.com for new update , but the website say each time that the update wold not be available until `` x '' , x be a few month in the future . but yesterday , there be a update available . for $ 80 -lrb- well , i could live with that if it be a good update -rrb- , but - a really , really huge but - it be not available by download , and the dvd they offer could only be used on a pc !! i be stunned , and call they customer support , which confirm that i could not update the unit on a apple computer ! what a huge ripoff . i now have a $ 300 paperweight ... never again !!
602	GPS	NEG	1	this be my third gp -lrb- they seem to have a short - use life -rrb- . it be inaccurate , run i in circle and be generally unsatisfactory . it be sporadic in announce street name - sometimes it announce they , sometimes it be `` in 200 foot ... '' i use it twice to check it out , then return it and order another brand . cross my finger the next one will be more cooperative !
66	GPS	NEG	2	item come in look good . when i go to update the map and get it ready to use and i receive a error . no room on hard drive . i call tomtom and they be unable to correct the error . they say to send in my receipt and they would send i a new one , but when they receive my receipt they give i a web address to download new map . not what be promise . i send they a message and i be still wait on the response . not sure what they be go to do , but i may have to send back for a refund .
605	GPS	NEG	2	bought my e-trek legend in march 2002 for geocach ; initially it do ok , track well but lose signal often when under leafcover in the wood . start notice power shutoff problem when first turn it on ; think it be the battery connection , i be begin now to think it be poor\/thin soldering in the manufacture . now the click stick will only work in two of four direction . for what i pay for it , and as little as i use it , i doubt if i 'll replace it with another garmin e-trek , they just do not seem substantial enough for hike -lrb- to think , i cradle that thing like a baby in the wood , be careful with it ! -rrb- .
438	GPS	NEG	1	i put it in the car , and suddenly it get it damage , programe obsolescence , 3m dissapoint i . the laser now it doesnt work . but the technology for carpian tunnel its great , mazng , fabulous
427	GPS	NEG	1	i get one of these piece of junk for my birthday a year ago - i think it have work a total of once . first , the mount arm do not keep the product at a angle where it can be view . i contact tomtom and they tell i that my mount arm be not part of a recall of mount arm - so i have to buy a new one . i do - twice - neither work . i call tomtom again and they tell i that the mount arm frequently malfunction when the temperature be over 80 degree - i live in texas - the temperature be over 80 degree 6 month of the year . next , i have to constantly restart the tomtom - it seem to not like to work for more than a couple of hour at a time . then , yesterday , i try to restart it and nothing happen so i box the whole thing up -lrb- 3 docking arm and all -rrb- and mail it back to tomtom . save you money - get a garmin !
398	GPS	NEG	1	this product be just awful . it take forever to acquire a satellite . once it do , it be initially confuse as to where it be , basically think it be at the last destination it reach . i have faithfully update the firmware every time a new iteration come out and the product do not get any better . in area where there be a lot of street , it get confused and send you in the wrong direction . i would not recommend this product to anyone . i would give it zero star if amazon have such a rating .
607	GPS	NEG	1	the rubber suction cup have already fail . i believe the rubber cup be just to hard and brittle to form any kind of suction to mount gp to windshield .
875	GPS	NEG	2	it take a lot of research for i to finally find a gp cf bundle -lrb- hardware and software -rrb- for a dell axim x5 . some how just buy the one dell push be not good enough and here some of what i have learn ... the pharos unit cover the audio input on the top of the x5 ... why be that important ? well if you be use it in a car and what to use a device to boost the sound of you turn by turn direction -lrb- ie . a power pda car holder -rrb- ... well you would be out of luck . the product have a lot of kink , it have trouble with re-routing and over all be a good start but for the same money you can get something that be much better . look into a haicom 303 ... as far as software a lot of it be personal preference - look at the website of the software maker and see if you like the look of the software . call pharos and talk to they ... i think you will find that they be more about good marketing , slick name and packaging than a mature product . like other reviewer i can not see any difference beteen the pf022 and the pfd22 -lrb- for dell -rrb- other than something for dell . check ` buy gps now com ' for more in depth information about gps and software product . amazon have a good start but there be just not enough imformation - like exactly what come in the box and any thing else -lrb- ie cord -rrb- that you will need to make it work with you pda . since you can not return software once you have install it - you need all the information you can get to pick wisely .
482	GPS	NEG	2	after have the 3760t for over a week , i be really disappointed . first , i think the price be way out of line compare to the feature list on other gps unit at a lower cost . also , the print show street name be so small it it hard to see , let alone read . i have a nuvus 350 that be much better in provide larger print . i also have a nuvi 1450 with lifetime traffic that i really love , but it keep shut off and i have to return it to the retailer . i would have buy the 1490t but i be afraid that it be the 1450 only with traffic and the same circuitry and it might wind up shut off , also . right now , i be not a big fan of garmin unit . msybe i be expect too much . right now i think i want to return the 3760t even if it mean pay the restock fee and shipping cost .
204	GPS	NEG	1	i purchase this product because my original garmin i purchase over 7 year ago , i be not able to download current map , for whatever reason . i travel a lot and be look forward to use this garmin everywhere i travel . it have a very short battery time and i constantly have to re-charge it and it usually go dead when i need it the most . it shut off in the middle of give i direction and when i power it back on , the garmin screen be display something totally irrelevant and start give i wrong direction . i regret purchase it !
637	GPS	NEG	1	the garmin 1490lmt be simply a horrible gp unit . the only good thing about it be the large screen , but even it can look bad when view at much of a angle . it will not pair with my bluetooth phone , as claim . the speech synthesizer sound like something from 1980 . horrible and annoying . in my brief usage around town , i find it have street name wrong . even with map detail set to maximum , it often do not show many street unless you turn onto they . even major exit ramp do not appear ! meanwhile , it will show `` road '' that be essentially just driveway . it often give extremely little advance notice of turn . so little that you have no time to slow down to make the turn . the map display be miserable . in map view -lrb- straight down 2d view -rrb- , the road can look so wide that they overlap each other -lrb- if it bother to show they at all -rrb- . in 3d mode , the perspective be very misleading and unrealistic . then there be the repeat annoyance of just turn it on . every single time it have a warning that you have to click on -lrb- or wait for a while to go away on its own -rrb- . then it go back to the main menu . so , you stop at a gas station and get back in the car a few minute later . yes , you have to click the warning . then it do not take you to where you leave off . it go back to the main menu ! what the heck ?! my ancient mio be so much better than this unit be every single way except screen size . this garmin be go back , today .
350	GPS	NEG	1	magellan roadmate 800 . this product should be ship directly from the manufacturer to the garbage dump . i recently use this to go from eugene , or to lake tahoe , ca . the error , misdirection , and mis-routing on this one trip be far too numerous to list here . i will give 3 for you amusement . 1 . while go south on interstate 5 it insist that i be go east . 2 . while sit in the wal-mart parking lot in red bluff , ca , i ask it to direct i to the nearest wal-mart . it tell i that it be 163 mile south . 3 . on my return to eugene it route i through placerville , which be fine . except once i get to placerville it route i off the freeway and through several street and back onto the freeway , go in the opposite direction ... twice ! also , you can forget about find a rest stop on you way , it will route you 20 mile in the opposite direction when one be actually just a few mile up the road . save you $ 600 , buy a roadmap and a magnifying glass ...
307	GPS	NEG	2	either the software information on the device be outdate or it be badly flaw as sometimes it choose route that appear go in a near circle . the alternative route would have be much shorter and logical .
967	GPS	NEG	2	out of the box it be great . easy to understand , big bright screen , multiple option for voice , etc. . . i get it as a birthday present -lrb- 4\/28 -rrb- and i be already feed up with it -lrb- 5\/1 -rrb- and send it back . the unit 's be really fickle about turn on . i have already have to hit the reset button 5-7 time . also , the car adapter and the home cradle do not charge the unit either . it may have just be a bad unit , but i be try one of the other brand next .
65	GPS	NEG	1	i find that my hp laserjet 1012 printer be no longer support after upgrade to windows 7 , and even though i find a workaround that allow my windows 7 machine to use it , i could not share the printer on my home network with windows xp client . so , i buy this unit to host my printer on the network . initially , upon setup , i be able to use it with all client . however , it have now be install for a few month and i have find that i often need to power cycle the unit and sometimes reboot the computer , too , in order to make it work . i be now outside of the return window , so that be $ 38 waste .
663	GPS	NEG	1	i give the 1450lmt to my wife for xmas . i have register it and update the map 3 time . however , the garmin briefly flash a message `` no technical detail ... '' and then go to another screen . so , i have not read the entire message yet . but , update the map take 39 minute on my high speed line . so , this have already take nearly 4 hour follow a 4 hour charge period , and i have accomplish nothing . i send a message to garmin and the automatic response state they try to respond to all email within 3 day . i read several negative review prior to purchase the 1450 , and now i wish i have not bother . the 1450 simply be not ready for the market .
874	GPS	NEG	1	on main road it be ok , but in the country it useless . it take the long way no matter how hard you try major road be miss . it be a toy at best
673	GPS	NEG	1	i purchase the garman nuvus 1300 and plan to return it after a few day of use : issue be 1 . touch screen be not very sensitive - require a hard push along with extact placement or do not register the touch . 2 . pop-up - unbelievable - ad pop-up for hotel , commercial business etc. . block about 10 % of the screen - no instruction in manual , or set-up munu to toggle off the annoying ad - ad stay on screen until you leave the vicinity of the business - very distracting . i be go to a different brand .
943	GPS	NEG	2	i use this exclusively for road cycling . first the good : it do amazing thing . it track everything faster and more completely than you can with a spreadsheet . there be feature i would like to see but i be hope the improvement can come with future softare and firmware download . the output be better than you can imagine . the graph be really informative . i find myself over analyze my ride . the free -lrb- for now -rrb- link with motion base software allow you to see you ride superimpose onto google earth image . wow ! now the bad : the unit freeze up on i third time i use it . none of the reset work so the help line -lrb- only open during business hour -rrb- suggest i let the battery drain . 14 hour later the unit do function correctly . 3 day later the unit lose the ability to find satelite . this time the help desk be no help at all and suggest i either return it or send it for repair . the estimate turn around time to be 10 day . they should handle repair like verizon and send a new unit fedex and have you return the broken one . amazon.com do not have the same price so i send it to garmin for repair . in the meantime i purchase a new one locally and i 'll return it when i receive the repair unit . guess what . 1st day out the hr monitor work only intermitently .
562	GPS	NEG	1	hus all , i live in massachusetts -lrb- framingham -rrb- . at first i use the nuvus , everything be ok . i could choose between faster time or shorter distance . and many great feature . but when i go to downtown boston ... problem occur . nuvi could not read small road and detour . and the map be not a detail map . i be hope that i do not get lose again in downtown ... but then i be wrong . and then the other day , i be with my friend look for bertuccus 's in newton area ... i use nuvus to find bertuccus 's in newton , we be happy , but then we be disappointed again . nuvi bring we nowhere near bertuccus 's at all . arrgghh !!! right now , i be use google map and mapquest . \* sigh ... i hate u nuvi .
529	GPS	NEG	2	i buy my 305 a couple of year ago and while the battery be still fine , the watch be no longer functional . of the two other folk i know of who have 305 's , both be also experience the same basic failure - the watch become intermittent and eventually stop work all together . the root of the problem appear to be a couple of thing - the weedy metal contact use between the two watch half tend to get bent out of shape and lose contact and the watch be not particularly water proof . when mine fail , it get intermittent for a couple of run -lrb- would either fail to turn on , or would randomly turn off during the run and could not be power on again -rrb- . poke around online reveal that this be a common problem with the watch so i open it up and attempt to apply the fix suggest -lrb- lightly bend the contact back into place -rrb- . unfortunately , when i open the watch up -lrb- it be just glue together lightly , another bad design choice -rrb- it be clear that water\/sweat have get into the watch and have corrode the interior and the contact . since the contact be so fragile i break a couple of they off try to clean they and bend they back into shape . in all other aspect , it be a nice improvement over the 201 i have before -lrb- which i be back to use now -rrb- . the main reason i have upgrade to the 305 be for the more sensitive receiver since my 201 have a horrible time lock the satellite where i run . if it be not for the poor construction quality , i would heartily recommend it .
746	GPS	NEG	1	i have use garmin for year and like it . so when it come time to buy another gps , i want to go with garmin . so on christmas day -lrb- when i get it -rrb- , you could not even use it until you `` register '' it on garmin.com . yet of course that web site be totally screw up . it be not just mind-bogglingly slow , but then it keep time out when you finally do get through . i like the fact that when i request my username it send it to i at my email address , but when i request my password , it say that it do have my email address . huh ? you just send a message to it ! totally nut . and then it do not come with a wall charger , but then when you try to download thing , it have to be charge ! so you have to take it out to the car and let the car run for a while as the unit charge , then bring it back in and try again to get software download to it . nice . then i buy the unit that show mileage , etc. , and you plug it into the obd ii port . yet they do not even tell you be the obd ii port be on you car ! crazy . i think that if you be go to sell product , you should support it . i be disgusted . if i can not get this stupid thing work shortly i be return it .
415	GPS	NEG	2	buy the gp almost a year ago . at first it work fine but after several month i notice that i do not get any map update . i contact customer support and after several fail attempt to fix the issue they find out that my account be not setup with the right map update definition . they fix my account but now when download the new map update something go wrong and my device be unusable . i send the device to tomtom and 2 week later get a refurbish one hope that this would be the end of it . unfortunately not . few week later tomtom distribute a software update but apparently it have some bug . after install the update my device go funny again -lrb- stop charge , will not stay on when not connect to power -rrb- . so again i open a ticket with the support and again they ask i to reset my device and all kind of nonsense that do not help a bit . and again i have to ship my device to they -lrb- on my expense ! -rrb- so they will send i another refurbish device after 2 week -lrb- the 2nd time -rrb- . few day ago i get my 3rd refurbish device only to find out now that once again i can not update the map . i need to contact customer support again . when the gps be work i love it . they have the best route algorithm and it be extremely easy to operate but they support be awful and this model have too many issue . do not buy tomtom until they improve they device quality and they support .
69	GPS	NEG	2	i buy this to track my calorie burn while do workout video . it do not do that , even though it have a heartrate monitor . it use the speed you travel to indirectly calculate you calorie burn , so if you be work out it can not figure out you calorie ! i do not see this list anywhere prior to purchase and now i have a overpriced watch that do i no good .
976	GPS	NEG	1	i do not know if it be only mine , but in about 10 % trip it lose the way , one of the obvious mistake happen near my house . the real distance be less than a mile straigh but gps make i turn and it take i around by small one-way street for 30 min till i give up . and what be worse my husband trust it to take he to newark airport and it take more than 2 hour -lrb- instead of 1 hour -rrb- and he almost miss he plane . i do not know if i can return it and try maybe tomtom gps . i have 2 friend with garmin that also lose they way from time to time . i do not find any other problem with the device , i think interface be easy and unless it lose way totally - it be perfect in make d-tours and finding place . though it be own database be very poor , for example it can not find target store in white plains , ny that be open 5 year ago , therefore one have to find the exact address and go by it . in my experience it also could not find staples , bestbuy in scarsdale and wal-mart . i do not even try to locate small store . well ... anyway it be better than nothing and in case of emergency maybe a lifesaver .
480	GPS	NEG	1	if you wonder why the 340 cost more than the 350 , read the review . this be the dumdum tomtom . the menu be simplify for you convenience and if that be not you idea of a good thing , you should move on . i do not really have a problem with that . what i have a problem with be tomtom break the unit \* after \* i buy it ! i buy this unit because it would read street name . i get it home , do all the update , and figure out which voice i need to use to have the street name announce . then i go for a drive to test the unit , and the street name be not announce . i check to make sure i have the right voice work and even seek out more major street , think that it might not be able to recognize the smaller street . finally , i go home and check out the support forum . turn out that the latest update of the device software break the street name if the volume be set above 80 or 85 % . the volume at 80 % be not enough to hear the unit over freeway noise and moderate radio volume . tomtom acknowledge that they latest update break the street name and say they will fix it `` in a future update . '' great ! nothing like remotely render you product defective . i 'll wait about a week for a software fix and then return the item . if you would like to avoid the hassle , avoid the product .
915	GPS	NEG	1	the product you purchase today may not be what you eventually end up with . tomtom have a habit of `` upgrade '' the gp with feature they think you want . this be do by remove feature you have come to use and like . for example , the original gp i purchase have a auto-zoom feature in 2d map mode , so as you approach a turn , it would zoom in on the map . this be very helpful when two street be close together . now this only work in 3d mode which i find useless . they also take away the direction of travel associate with the compass -lrb- n , s , w , se , etc. -rrb- . now you have to figure it out by look at a little blue arrow that spin around . expect to spend a long wait time on the phone for customer service and have they tell you `` well , that be the way it work now '' .
330	GPS	NEG	1	this be my second 1450 . the first one i return as it would not find the satellite . i call garmin support and spend a hour on the phone with they to be tell to send it to they for repair . i decline and return it to amazon for replacement . ok ... i get the replacement 1450 from amazon and same exact problem . do all the thing i do before include update the software and the map . -lrb- why in the hell do it not ship with all the current update ?? -rrb- however , it still will not find the satellite at all . i also have a garmin 255w which work quite well and find and hold the satellite quickly from the same location and while drive a 7 mile test route . so the replacement be go back and i will never buy another garmin piece of crap product ever again . i will now begin a search for another gps product to meet my need . the only thing good about this be amazon 's customer service ! update ... i spend almost 6 month look for a better gp unit than my garmin 255w and go with the bmw portable navigation unit . it be expensive but do work quite well .
478	GPS	NEG	2	this be my second attempt at a `` gp design specifically for truck drivers . '' the first be a teletype worldnav 720060 which also fail miserably for the price you pay . i digress , the device and accessory require for operation seem to be make with decent quality . consider it be make by pc miler i would expect this to be a.j. square away . this be a poor asumption on my part . as far as route be concern it be a disaster . i previously use co-pilot truck on my laptop and it route pretty descent . i figure this unit would be the same but that also turn out to be another poor assumption . the device much like the teletype warn you be on restricted route when you be not and every exit ramp you pass it display a pous icon indicate that truck service be near when they be not . a lot of the pous 's display on the map cease to exist at all . any truck gp that instruct you to make a u-turn when there be clearly alternate truck friendly route available should be consider to be very unreliable in my personal opinion . i pay $ 255 for a refurbish unit and i must say , i be terribly dissapointed with this unit . the map be very slow to navigate . if you need to move it around to see you destination or verify the itinerary you will find it somewhat troublesome that in the year 2010 that a company would even put something like this out for sale . it be very sluggish . the same also apply to when you be enter a destination address , it lag almost 2 full seconds behind what you be do . there be several area that it completely give false information such as street name in relation to what town they be actually located in . very frustrating when try to plan a trip . i guess in closing , i would be happy if i could get my omnitech gps software to run in this ; otherwise , it will be put up for auction like the rest of the failure . the next try will be a rand mcnally truck gps which i have read very good thing about . but then again i do for this as well .
11	GPS	NEG	2	i have every problem mention in the other review but i want to add that the palm v seem too slow to handle this unit . it be particularly slow when zoom in and out of map . i have a dvd base nav system install in my car which i love so i may have too high standard for this handheld unit . i believe the problem be mostly software base however . basically , this product be not ready for prime time . btw today be oct. 2002 . i try this system out in 2000 so i do not know if there have be any improvement
