index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
81	Bag	POS	5	i spend the last few day buy sander and take they back -lrb- 2 actually -rrb- . one be a porter and cable 3x21 . this seem to be a well build sander except the dust collection system be very flaw . i have more dust fly than go into the bag . then i get the heavy duty dewalt . this be a heavy brute . i find the top front wheel create a vibration every so often that the sander seem to hop and create tiger stripe on the work . it also require a lot of energy bto hold it down . even tghough the dust collector seem to be one of the best , i find a lot of dust all over the bag . i do not know if the bag fabric 's hole be allow the dust to escape or create static electricity to attract dust . even though the bag collect the dust , it seem the sander blow a whole heap of dust around . when in a tight corner and i tip the front to extend the reach , it seem to bite the work . it seem to go through a lot of sand belt with little to show for it . then i buy this baby . . very light and require very little effort to hold it on the work -lrb- always fight with the dewalt -rrb- . the way this be design , there seem to be very little dust outside the bag and even then , there be no vent hole to blow it all around . the collection system work great and there be even a little attachment so i can hook up a shop-vap with a small hose . the sand belt seem to last twice as long as the dewalt -lrb- do not know why this be so -rrb- . the sand seem to be far more efficient than the other sander i try and return . the icing on the cake be a accessory to hold the sander like a table sander .
514	Bag	POS	4	the dust bag on my sander be not the same as the one depict in the image on the site . the one that come in the box be cheesier in design , and lack the bracket\/strut show . also , the suggest accessory be limit to sandpaper roll . no dust collection attachment , no upgrade for the bag . the sander itself be powerful , easy to use , and do the job i want it to do .
468	Bag	POS	4	this bag do exactly what i expect . it be skinnier than i have imagine , but collect most of the saw dust . specifically , it negate all the dust fly around my garage . it definitely do not catch all the dust , but i think that be more a function of the table saw than the bag . premium dust collector have some sort of vaccuum suction to pull the dust . this bag rely on the blow out from the saw . the miss dust fall directly under the saw . i think most people will be happy with the bag . those that will not be happy be the hardcore craftsman and someone expect zero dust .
114	Bag	POS	5	this tool replace a belt sander by black and decker that be buy in 1975 . when it totally die recently , i go to my favorite tool maker , makita . the specification on this sander be good , the price be better than most other , and the review be excellent . my only misgiving be that it be heavy . i have a wood carve and sculpture business and most of the work could be do with something smaller .
223	Bag	POS	5	i buy two bag - one for myself and the other for my 17-year-old son -lrb- who now have he first vehicle -rrb- . the bag be very sturdy , large and attractive , which be more than i expect . we pack they with jumper cable and other auto necessity , and they easily fit in my car and he small truck . perfect gift for a new driver .
906	Bag	POS	5	i buy 2 of these , for 2 set of cable , a normal pair and a large pair . after have to stuff the small set in one bag i look at the other set and say no way . -lrb- i be go to write a snarky review -rrb- after read other review , i decide to give it a try with the large set of cable - they fit , only just , but they fit . so ok fine . but this bag really should be a little bigger . as for my heavy extension cord , no way they be not fittin !
299	Bag	POS	5	the bag hold all we camera equipment plus film and many other extra . i recomm this camera bag for those people who need a small camera bag but with a lot of space .
340	Bag	POS	5	this be a well construct cable bag . it have enough room for jumper cable - plus . i would recommend it for anyone want to buy a jumper cable bag .
122	Bag	POS	5	nice leather ! really soft ! even so you use dslr , you can place it easyly . i love it !!
540	Bag	POS	5	i find a couple of bad review of this product but can only assume the reviewer be compare it to a full dust extraction system because for a simple fabric bag this work perfectly . catches 80-90 % of the sawdust -lrb- which from a bosch saw be considerable -rrb- , just a small amount below the saw . without it you 'll be sweep for age - or worse you wife will leave you ! money well spend , simple , effective , not a vacuum system - but a fraction of the cost .
218	Bag	POS	4	on current price , it be value for money . it can hold my camera -lrb- k100d -rrb- and other accesory -lrb- wire + rechargeable kit + book -rrb- . if you need to carry a extra lens i woud recommend you to buy slr bag instead of holster bag . however if you wish to carry just one lens along with you camera , like i then you can go for it .
293	Bag	POS	5	bucket boss have always use quality material and craftsmanship in they product . this jumper cable bag be no exception . this be a quality bag at a very reasonable price , and it do a great job of organize those pesky jumper cable , that usually sit in a big mess , in the trunk of the car . this bag even contain my extra long , 25 foot jumper cable . go with bucket boss and you will not be disappoint .
342	Bag	POS	4	i buy this case as a accessory to my hp 315 photosmart digital camera . i like the camera very much so it may be bias my view of the bag , but here go :  i like the bag . it be attractive to look at . it be a bit big for the camera i buy , but too big be better than too small !  it be get one main pouch that be very large and i use it to hold my camera and all my cord .  it have a shoulder strap that i do not like -lrb- because it make i look like a tourist -rrb- .  overall it be a very good bag , if a little large with a ugly shoulder strap .
470	Bag	POS	5	great product . hold those tangly and well use cable all in one place . convenient to order from amazon . great product .
825	Bag	POS	5	you will love this bag - great contemporary look , roomy , nicely pad for laptop , i find it very comfortable-it be the best bag of this sort i have ever own - buy it , you will not be disappoint .
131	Bag	POS	5	this be a excellent bag when you want to carry around you small digital camcorder . i have a elura2 mc and i be able to carry the camcorder , a wideangle lens , a spare 2 hr battery , and extra multimedia card . base on my experience it should be able to carry some of the smallest sony 's and jvc camcorder too . excellent quality and the weatherproof cover be a bonus .
630	Bag	POS	5	i be pretty skeptical before buy this , but the review be all great , so i try .  and this be a very good stuff : i can put my dell notebook there and some book , plus a few shirt to tavel overnight . i even use to to go to office .  this be just the good bag i need . very highly recommend .
322	Bag	POS	5	no regret buy this . works as expect and track stay very true . happy to have another makita tool in my shop
268	Bag	POS	5	i give my dad one of these a year ago , and he have give it a workout . i think the company must have read the earlier review , and improve the strength of the bag . dad have overload he with drill , etc. , and carry it everyplace , and it be show no sign of wear . he be so hard to buy for , it be great to see he thoroughly enjoy it . i be look for something similar but smaller to give he this year for he smaller item .
607	Bag	POS	5	while i take pleasure in owning and use quality tool , i be not one to gush or even normally write a review . that say , i love this sander . here 's why : well-balanced , low center of gravity . feel right when hold , do not have to make conscious effort to hold true . variable speed . note : variable , not multiple speed . speed vary infinitely depend on trigger pressure , just like any variable-speed drill . speed dial on trigger act as speed limiter , a not-to-exceed setting . otherwise pull fully for max set speed and back off trigger to slow in those must-be-careful spot , then pull fully again for max speed . truly intuitive , fluid . light weight enough to use without effort , yet heavy enough to do its intended job . certainly not for massive stock removal day in and day out , but perfect for frequent use my small shop and occasional light construction duty . if you need a brute , buy a brute . if you do not , do not beat yourself up with one . treat yourself with this bosch . a dust collector that work . very , very little on my mask at the end of a session of sand . only a light powder on the surface of the work and a coating on the sander attract by static . no dust laden air , no immediate sweep-up . empty the bag , blow off the sander , wipe the sanded piece . do . flat top and fence attachment extend its functionality , provide a small bench top sander . quality swiss-made . okay , so i gush a bit . great tool be such a pleasure to use and all too rare a treat .
696	Bag	POS	5	this be the best camera bag i have purchase , especially since it have the quality of any other case logic product , superb !  i own a old toshiba pdrm1 digital camera , and in this neat little bag , there be a protected pouch for the camera , two storage area for digital media , and a storage for 4-aa -lrb- or aaa -rrb- battery .  i think this bag be super convenient , since i can carry my extra smartmedia card and spare 4-aa battery . the size of the bag be small enough to fit in my travel bag , but yet , have a lot of storage space for all the necessity of a digital camera .  i highly recommend for a small digital camera like my toshiba pdrm1 . dimension of my camera : 4-3\/4 '' long by 3-1\/4 '' high by 1-1\/2 '' deep . this camera be a perfect fit for this particular bag .
111	Bag	POS	5	i get my sander this past monday ... i can not keep my hand off it ! it be already set up with 80 grit ... all i have to do be place the collection bag on top and plug it it . she run so quietly yet be so strong . the dust collection be wonderful , there be virtually no dust in the air ... or on the wood . i have be reclaim some 4x10 pine beam that be totally destroy by sun and moisture and have be wait for something like this sander to come along for the past 10 year . i change from the 80 to 60 grit ... and could not be happier ! i be use to my craftsman 21x3 which be so loud you need ear muff and be so difficult to change belt that you avoid it like the plague . this makita be just the opposite , quiet and belt change be as easy as pie . i just wish i buy this a long time ago !
392	Bag	POS	4	if you want a basic camera that can zoom and have multiple auto-everything feature , this little film camera may be good for you . it be easy for i to carry around when i do not have room for a slr -lrb- single lens reflex -rrb- camera . take decent picture with 400 iso film , but light need to be pretty darn good daylight lighting for the pix to look swell . since purchase this little baby , minolta go out of the camera business in the mid 2000s . the freedom zoom 160 come out , i believe , in 2002 , one of the last film point & shoot camera . now i have a digital point & shoot with video capability and a pentax k-x dslr that i use for serious photography . but for a back-up camera , the minolta can not be beat .
210	Bag	POS	4	now this be a bag . the main compartment be roomy enough to hold most camcorder -lrb- or camera with a extra lens + flash -rrb- . there be a padded divider which you can move around to fit exactly the cam you have .  the front accessory pocket be great for keep tissue , spare film , booklet , pen , etc. -lrb- you \* know \* some gum will end up in there . lol -rrb-  the detachable pack be the best part in my opinion . i currently have it off on my bag , but there be time when i need to pack extra supplies and it be great for quickly attach to the bag . this be a must have option\/feature that you should always look for !
416	Bag	POS	5	since 2 '' dust exhaust port be standard on many tool and the wire loop on the bag easily clip on any round duct , i put one on my rigid portable table saw and another on my 20 year old craftsman band see . both work great ! especially since no equivalent be avialable from either manufacturer . much better than a $ 100 + bottom catcher and easy to empty .
966	Bag	POS	5	i buy this bag and use it for my commute back and forth to work . i can not believe how much this bag hold and i like the storage pocket and zippered area . it allow i to bring the necessity that i truly need to and from work .
277	Bag	POS	4	this camera case be awesome , by far one of the finest case i have ever see . if you do not purchase this bag you be miss out on a experience of a lifetime . not only be the bag small but it can amazingly fit more pennies in it than it would cost to purchase it .
311	Bag	POS	5	this bag really do hold everything ! i do not have a laptop but that be not a problem because i use that section as a place to put thing i need quickly or to put away safely like contact lense case and stuff like that . with the very handy clip for the key , i be not stand out in the rain hunting for key that have fall to the bottom of the bag . i would seriously recommend this bag to anyone who need a little more versatility but want a bag that would not look out of place at work either . one particularly fine day , i manage to fit in book , a mini picnic and my jacket and not once do my shoulder feel like it be about to break . no mean feat . buy it , buy it now !
228	Bag	POS	5	after search for various belt sander on the webb , i choose the makita 9903 . use it be relatively easy , on hand and knee , but with 3m belt , the job -lrb- 900 ft2 -rrb- be not difficult . the sander work very well , have good weight , and do not hardly slow up at all with lot of pressure over knot and irregularity in the wood . long cord be overrated , ext. chord need anyway . but the sand bag be well design , large enough , and easy to empty and reinstall . i do not think there be a better belt sander available at this time . .7 \/ 15\/10 it would be nice if there be a case for it include though .
418	Bag	POS	5	my husband be in the middle of a large project when he sander go out ... no switch be available in store or on line . once again the internet come through and he be very excite to find the sander just like he have available . thank you amazon and bosch .
258	Bag	POS	5	most of you probably do not need a review for this , but i be go to write one just incase . the bag work great and have be very durable . i will probably buy more and would recommend it to anybody .
644	Bag	POS	4	i never try a tamrac camera bag before , and i must say that i really like this model . nice durable construction with a padded interior to protect you camera -lrb- s -rrb- and equipment . that be say , i be a little dubious about the claim that it will fit two slr with lens attach . certainly if you lens be fix then it should not be a problem , but if both be equip with zoom then you may run out of room . i have a nikon d70s , and with the 18-70mm dx kit lens attach it reach just about to the center of the bag or slightly past it . either way , two camera like that would result in the lens touch tightly at the cap . as my other camera be a coolpix 5400 room be not a issue , but it do factor into i give the pro 4 star instead of 5 . so basically , if you have one slr and want a roomy bag with adjustable divider and pocket space then this may be what you be look for , otherwise you may want to look for a larger model .
35	Bag	POS	4	i need a bag for my olympus e-300 with the lens kit . and this bag do its job quite good ... they be protective and it be get few pocket around which be quite useful . i just wish if the height be lil more . with this bag i can only have both the wideangle & telephoto lens if the wideangle be fit on to the camera -lrb- not the telephoto lens -rrb- .
185	Bag	POS	4	easy to install and lightweight . zipper on bottm of bag for empty . might not be heavy enough for everyday use . if the bag be heavier i would of give the fifth star .
731	Bag	POS	5	i have a nikon d70 slr . normally i have a 28 to 200 lens on the camera . i want a bag that would protect the camera and let i carry a few extra item such as memory card , spare battery and a my eye glass . this bag be perfect . my camera have to be on its side to fit but that be not a problem . if you have to carry all of you lens with you everywhere you go then this bag be not for you but if you want simple light weight protection for you camera while out have fun , then this be the bag for you .
629	Bag	POS	4	this bag be great , but make sure you do not have more accessory than can fit in ! usually , a average digital camera -lrb- olympus c-3000 size -rrb- and extra memory card , plus another accesory or two will fit . don ; t leave home without it !
134	Bag	POS	5	we buy several of these bag and fill they with booster cable , various tool , glove , lead flashlight , map , etc. and give they as gift . everyone love they . we have receive many compliment on this idea as a gift . the bag be very well make and the storage compartment for tool and additional item be perfect . the design be well think out and the quality be impressive . thank you to the designer .
496	Bag	POS	4	i be really hope this bag would help collect some of my sawdust . after a week of use it about two inch of dust have accumulate in the bag . actually most of the dust blow out of every other opening in my bosch saw . the bag seem to catch bigger shaving . i have not be saw any mdf or fine dust produce material so it may help more with those . the problem seem that all the shaving keep clog up in my dust port . on the plus side the bag have a squeeze clamp on it so it will work on just about anything .
716	Bag	POS	4	this be a simple bag that be about 12 '' by 30 '' inch or so with a wire clip that go around the dust port . it work pretty well in that everything expel from the dust port go into the bag , which be empty by just shake the sawdust out through the same opening .  all together it catch about 80 percent of the sawdust - about what one would expect . the cloth be a thin synthetic and there be no zipper or velcro to make it easier to empty .
853	Bag	POS	5	i have be use my tamrac pro12 bag for several year and it be still in like-new condition . the bag be plenty large enough to hold all my gear with room to spare . the divider allow for a large variety of layout option and have plenty of pocket for accessory . the bag be well padded and make with a tough snag and rip resistant fabric . all the seam appear to well stich too , with box-stiching on all the major stress point . the carry strap be contour , well padded and slip-resistant which make for a much more comfortable day of lug heavy camera body and lens around . every couple month i recommend spray the outside of the bag down with a quality water-repelling spray such as that use for tent and other camping gear . this will do wonder for weatherproof the bag to prevent you delicate equipment from get damp if you be out and get catch in a unexpected rain .
255	Bag	POS	5	this be my second tamrac bag . my first bag be 25 + year old and still in fairly good condition -lrb- no rip or tear -rrb- . want a new bag for increase capacity and this bag have everything my old bag have , except loop for film cannister -lrb- how time have change : -rrb- . the construction of this bag seem better than my old one , so it will probably be the last bag i will ever need . a excellent product at a very good price .
440	Bag	POS	5	hold my canon digital rebel xt plus lens . organized well , plenty of room , well design and sturdy .
925	Bag	POS	5	i find this case to be everything i want and at a good price . plenty of storage room and well build . i be look to buy another camera and this case will work out great .
475	Bag	POS	5	the 5608 pro 8 camera bag be a excellent product and i be very pleased with it . the shipping time seem to i to be slow . ed heuer
161	Bag	POS	5	i be very pleased with this purchase . it catch about 90 % of the dust , so it make clean up after use the saw much easier . and there be not as much airborne dust to inhale , which be of great value to i .
986	Bag	POS	4	i look at both the smaller bag and this one and for the money i would purchase the larger size . the smaller one be quite a bit smaller and most people would be dissapoint .
784	Bag	POS	5	this be a great belt sander , just be careful it be very aggressive , you need to use a very light touch . the dust collection , as in most woodworking product , be just ok
921	Bag	POS	5	the great advantage of this bag be that the entire top unzip -lrb- it be actually a double run zipper which give you a wide storage space while everything stay in place -rrb- . it be great for my movie camera so i get another one for my digital still camera . i can keep 20 minus cd plus mark pen , extra battery and charger , and my bulky but essential viewing hood . when the bag open you can see everything , place everything , and when it close everything stay in place . after a year i have decide the design be probably the most convienent i have use in 30 yr .
746	Bag	POS	5	belt sander may be one of those power tool that be not pull out often , but when you need to remove large quantity of stock , you will want to have one . the 9403 , 4x24 sander be powerful , have good balance , good belt tracking and easy belt change . this makita also pick up a very decent amount of sand dust , have comfortable handle , a nice soft-start , and , most importantly , chew through stock with ease . this belt sander be possibly the best 4x24 on the market . i be very , very pleased with it . it be a genuine pleasure to operate this makita , compare to my old craftsman 3x21 which i have receive as a gift year ago . i spend as much time adjust the belt tracking on the craftsman as i do sand , but since i use it infrequently , i just put up with the excessive noise and generally less than stellar performance . after use the 9403 for 2 + year , i shake my head everytime i use it , wonder why i wait so long to replace my old one . i find myself pull this sander out and use it more often . long cord be always a big plus for i , often eliminate the need for extension cord in the shop . i just can not find anything negative to say about this machine yet . note : be advertise as ` quiet ' at 84db be pretty relative since -rrb- 90db for sustained period will deafen ... hearing loss be cummulative over time around high db power tool -lrb- router , table and miter saw , plate joiner , etc. -rrb- even if rate under the 90db threshold ... wear ear protection -lrb- check out peltor h10a professional earmuff hearing protectors -rrb- .
581	Bag	POS	4	the makita 9403 belt sander arrive as schedule . i promptly open the package to discover a lightly use or `` demoe '' tool . there be a light layer of dust on the tool and the some minor scratch on the base and the pressure plate show striation from operation . it certainly do not look like much more than very brief use and the abrasive belt be new . possibly someone return it after test firing it and decide it be not what they need . the packaging be original but not quite `` right '' - brown paper use to pad the tool - not use in my -lrb- very limited -rrb- experience with other makita tool but often use by amazon in packaging . the light `` pre-use '' do not bother i much as that be what the tool will look like after five minute of use . more troubling , the plastic slide that hold the dust bag -lrb- part no 1225629 -rrb- close be break in several place . the broken piece be all in the box , support the thesis the tool have be open , try or at least run in a dusty environment , and then incorrectly repackage . the dust bag itself appear unused . i have email amazon ask they to simply replace the plastic slide rather than force i to go through the hassle of repackage and ship the tool back . i 'll provide a update after amazon respond . update : amazon could not send just the broken part but do provide for return shipping and immediately send out a new one . i be fully satisfy with the replacement and they prompt response . after a dozen hour use i be pleased with the tool . my only disappointment be that it require adjusting\/centering the belt a bit too frequently , but easily do .
415	Bag	POS	5	i just borrow this sander from my father inlaw to strip a bedroom set . i agree with the other reviewer . this be a great sander for the price . it be make in switzerland and live up to swiss quality . it be well balanced and easy to use . it may not be a rolex but it be a fine piece of equipment .
117	Bag	POS	5	alright , it be just a bag , but it be a great bag for the olympus 3000 . it have room for everything i need for the camera . the camera itself , battery charger , a extra set of battery , a couple of extra media card , the accessory cord for download . all this fit into the bag very securely , without everything banging into each other , because of the pocket divider .  the bag be not too bulky , rather compact with padding . the zipper function very well . the pocket design such that i do not have to worry about thing fall out . overall , a very good bag to take along with the camera and recharge supplies .
707	Bag	POS	5	this be a great camcorder bag . it have three main section . the first be the main compartment you house you camcorder in -lrb- this main section be divide into two section by a adjustable barrier so that almost any size camcorder can fit in the bag without move around . -rrb- the camcorder fit into the main compartment with enough room to put in my camera and voice recorder . this main section and the pouch attach to this main section be hide under the flap which be close by just a click . the pouch hold all of my tape and film that i need , with room to spare . and the bottom section of the bag hold my battery , charger , all of my wire with enough room to put in a lot more . this bottom section be detachable so all you have to carry around be what you need for recording . to top all of that off this bag be water proof and have shock absorb foam which make you feel very safe that you camera and camcorder will not be damage if you get stick walk in rain or happen to bump the bag . the bag come with a warranty , which of course cover nothing but the bag .
639	Bag	POS	4	all i can say be wooww . if you look a belt sander in this power and price range dont look any further . fast material removal and excellent dust control system . give it 4 star becuz of the electric cord position . very close to handle and be on you way .
177	Bag	POS	5	i go to a few privately own camera store -- very overpriced for what they be offer . the samsonite camera bag be tough , durable , and spacious . i carry a flash , two lens , along with my canon elan 7 , and i have ton of room to grow , which be what i want . very reasonably price and well-made . i be pleased with my purchase .
665	Bag	POS	5	this bag be very durable and practical for haul around you cordless tool . i use mine to hold my milwaukee 18 v cordless saw and drill as well as a d-handle makita router and various hand tool . they all fit nicely . three pouch on the outside each can house a 18 v battery . there be a sturdy divider that velcro on the inside and several small tool divider for nail set , pencil , blade , etc. . the bottom be nicely pad and the shoulder strap be rugged .
560	Bag	POS	5	i have be use a gatemouth longboy for at least five year now . here be what be usually in it -lrb- partial list -rrb- : bosch compact 14.4 , bit box , flat bar , 16 oz . hammer , 8 and 10 '' crescents , slipjoint pliers , assorted screwdriver , 5 or 6 plastic screw\/misc . container , punch , chisel , drill bit set , chalk line , safety glass , stud finder , spray lube -lrb- 2 -rrb- , teflon tape , wood glue and superglue , 8 '' visegrips , 10 '' channellocks , needlenose pliers , small visegrip , utility knife blade , torpedo and 2 ' level , misc . bit , milwaukee job see w\/blades , etc. etc. . when it get over 55 lb . i have to clean it out so i can still lift it . have to quit use the shoulder strap -lrb- which work great on the sparky electrician 's bag , which be also great -rrb- as my right shoulder be start to suffer from sling it . it be unbelievable the amount of wear and abuse this bag 's take -lrb- i use it daily -rrb- . if it ever wear out i 'll get another one in a heartbeat . just make sure to have a smaller one available when you only need to take a few tool in at a time .
339	Bag	POS	5	i now have two bucket boss , jr. bag and i find they to be the perfect size and rugged . the bigger these satchel be , the more i try to stuff into they , which end up with too heavy a bag and too much stuff dump in it . i like have smaller , label carryall so i can stay organize , even when i be work quickly .
65	Bag	POS	5	buy two of these bags for christmas gift . both love the bag , one man be 52 and the other 25 . so great gift for any age .
545	Bag	POS	5	i have purchase this bag for all my child , niece and nephew to go with they jumper cable . they be very rugged and durable .
6	Bag	POS	5	i want to buy something for my canon powershot g3 and i find it . maybe the bag be a little bit small , but it be not that bad . it can contain the camera itself , 2-3 compactflash card and spare battery . i do not think you can find a better bag for the price .
22	Bag	POS	5	i want a bag to carry my camera , a canon s2 , my battery charger , battery and other equipment and also other thing like my wallet and cosmetic item so i decide on this item . the bag be very durable and sturdy . the weather protector look a bit silly but believe i , it work ! i have have it for over 5 month and i be very happy with it .
29	Bag	POS	4	this bag be a great value . it be perfect for tight area in all car or truck . works well and be compact .
105	Bag	POS	5	i purchase the makita 9903 belt sander to remove paint from my home that i be repaint . i be totally happy with my purchase . the variable speed control and the belt tracking be perfect . i have a old sears belt sander that do not compare to the makita .
817	Bag	POS	5	well make , great camera bag for the price . plenty of storage for battery , charger and extra media smart card . excellent value for the money .
507	Bag	POS	5	just get my cable bag last night and i be really worried it be go to be too small for my giant , 25 foot long jumper cable but they fit perfectly !
446	Bag	POS	4	nice bag , good price , but it be absurd that amazon recommend this as a accessory for the canon s100 digital elph . the bag be ridiculously large for this tiny camera . maybe i 'll pack a lunch in it .
390	Bag	POS	5	this bag be a wonderful accessory . it hold all my camera equipment and be very stylish .
893	Bag	POS	4	receive this bag to go along with my olympus c-4000 . it be quite a nice bag , relatively compact and easily fit my c-4000 with plenty of protection offereed by the wall of the case and padded divider . there be plenty of room leave for cable , a flash or even another camera if you have get one . a mesh pouch on the inside of the main compartment flap offer a handy place to store my sm card . on the other side , another component offer 4 elastic loop for battery , and 2 mesh pouch -lrb- 1 zippered -rrb- for store more battery or whatever else you might have . i can easily store 3 set of 4 aa battery in here , with plenty of room for more sm card . and to top it all off , a zippered side pouch for another place to put stuff -lrb- nothing too thick though -rrb- . there be a adjustable carry strap that you can use to sling over you shoulder , plus handle on the top and side , so there be plenty of way to grab onto the bag . the only think i do not like about this bag be that mine do not seem to want to stand up . it always end up roll over onto its back . this however be a pretty minor thing .
232	Bag	POS	5	it fit my panasonic camcorder , it have lot of pocket , it have a shoulder-strap -lrb- which be inside the bag when it be ship -rrb- , and it have 2 section of padding go across the the main compartment -lrb- which be velcro so you can take they off and use they for extra padding -rrb- . the border between the outside pocket and the main compartment be flexible incase you have a large camcorder -lrb- only when the outer pocket be empty , though . -rrb- best of all , it have a life-time warrenty ! the only problem with it be that the indentity tag where you can put you adress , etc -lrb- show in picture hanging from handle -rrb- fall off and be lose because the leather get worn and rip after only 8 month . anyhow , overall i would recommend buy it this bag .
63	Bag	POS	5	i be a serious amateur photographer and need a base camp for all of my photography goody . this bag allow i to keep everything together and i pull from there whatever i need for whatever shoot i plan on do that day . it have ton of pocket and all of my 5 lens , filter , and lot of other stuff fit in there nicely . it close quite securely and be well padded . love it .
528	Bag	POS	5	the bag be the right size all of my tool fit into the pocket stand up there be plenty of room for my hard hat and spair part i work on oil rig and have the lock be great it keep the snoop out . i can fit everything in one bag i wouldent trade it for anything . i know dewalt would not let i down thanks .
30	Bag	POS	5	as other have mention this bag hold a lot of gear . one of the biggest selling point for i be that be that be can be use as you second carryon on a airline . as big as it be , it be design to fit under the seat , so it count as you hand hold carry on . i have travel with it many time and never have to gate check it . it be a little tight on the commuter plane , but i have always be able to carry it on to the plane with i . generally i have two camera body and a assortment of lens , flash etc. . it have separate compartment for extra flash card and battery as well as a few other pocket useful for battery charger , note book etc. .
455	Bag	POS	5	sexy messenger bag ! what i look for in a bag be lot of useful pocket ; this one have 'em . removable key ring , mesh exterior pocket for my water bottle , interior pocket that seem custom fit for my cell phone ... i love it . black color go with my coffee , and the reflective piping keep i safe and stylee !
20	Bag	POS	5	i be shop for the boss tool roll , and come across this item which let i store my always-tangled jumper cable in my truck in a tidy little container . make from very heavy-duty nylon , this have adequate room to handle a set of heavy-duty 16 ' jumper cable . the zipper be tough enough to handle the load . i be plan on buy another one to hold my tow strap !
313	Bag	POS	5	what a great buy ! this bag work great for either a digital still camera or mini camcorder . i purchase the lowepro 40aw after research they on the internet and check out the lowepro site . i originally buy the 40 aw to use with my toshiba pdr m-5 digital still camera . i could fit either the still camera and all the accessory -- cable , filter , you name it , or my canon zr10 with \* almost \* all the gear . but i love it so much i buy the lowepro digital beltpack aw for the zr10 . they be high quality camera bag and the digital variety come with a special lining that will not scratch sensitive lcd screen ! lot of extra little pocket for tape , smart card , cable , and charger too . the outside be soft yet rugged and well construct . i think my high dollar digital camera investment feel safe and sound in this great camera bag !
673	Bag	POS	5	this bag be very sturdy and padded . the description be pretty scanty , but i take a chance and buy it . glad i do . the bag hold my jvc gr-dvl805u minus dv camcorder , the strap , battery , ac adaptor cord , 4 tape , the remote , and all connector cable . it be kind of a tight squeeze with all those accesory , but the bag be compact , comfortable , and easy to carry , with the camcorder still be protect . the bag also come with a lifetime guarantee against defect . the only thing that could be improve be that it be awkward to get the camcorder in or out of the bag while carry it with the strap over the shoulder ; the zipper be hard to reach and go all the way around the top . that be the only thing that could be improve , and could be consider a safety feature , because the camcorder certainly will not come out unexpectedly . the bag be also very durable and nice look . i recommend it .
109	Bag	POS	5	this bag be a necessity when travel with you camera . i own a canon a620 , and it fit snugly in this carry case . there be just enough room leave to store a case of 4 battery , though it be a tad on the tight side . a nice little pouch be include to hold a extra memory card , useful for those who travel with more than one . my only gripe with this bag be that the neck strap be not quite long enough . it would be great if it be a foot or more longer , make it easier for i to wear it across my torso , rather than simply hang it over my shoulder .
536	Bag	POS	5	the interior of lowepro d-res 10 aw be make of soft fabric that form a thick cushion to protect digital camera . the exterior be strong and durable . the hidden jacket at the bottom of the bag could be pull out to cover the bag for water-proof purpose . its easy attachment to the belt do not require take off of the belt in order to mount the bag on the waist . as of the size , it fit a canon s20 perfectly with a side slot that hold up to 2 li-ion battery and a front pocket that hold one cf card . bottom line : i feel safe to put my digital camera in this bag .
284	Bag	POS	4	this be my 3rd lowepro product . fit my g5 and 420ex flash with extra battery and memory card . i take this bag and throw it into my backpack or nova 5 carrier . do not fit with the omnus bounce attach but be very compact and keep gear safe !
797	Bag	POS	5	i buy this bag specifically to enter my first pro game stadium at qwest field in seattle because of they bag size restriction . it hold everything and more . it hold my sony alpha 300 with stock lens , telephoto lens , sony cybershot , waterproof case for cybershot , wide angle , extra battery , filter , memory card and my hd camcorder which i leave at the hotel since the stadium do not allow video recording . oh yeah and a microfiber hand towel . i also take it out in portland during a steady drizzle of rain and my equipment be not even touch . i think the bag do come with a rain cover but it do not - no biggie as i do not intend to carry it out in the rain anyways . it do get a tad heavy if you load it up and i wish it be juuust a bit contoured so when you have it on you hip it do not sit so awkwardly but overall it be a great bag if you intention be to carry all you gear .
67	Bag	POS	5	this be one thing i think be not really need but maybe nice to have . once i start use it i be amaze that it be so handy to have . screw be easy to get to , i dont have to fumble around with box , i can keep nut close to the bolt they fit . i 'll need some more of these soon
476	Bag	POS	5	if you be a person who like to have the basics in you car , this be a great product . i always have jumper cable -lrb- some of you call they `` booster cable '' -rrb- in every car i own . i have drag old cable from one car to the next as i have buy and sell car over the year . this bag keep the cable orderly and protected , as well as protect you car 's interior from the end clamp and dirt on the cable . it be easy to grab and find you cable when need , and the bag be big enough to throw-in a flashlight as well . you know you need a flashlight because it seem jumper cable be most need at night . i have 3 car , and one of they just go to my newly-licensed son . it be not the greatest gift he ever recieve , but he sure appreciate have a bag of cable in he trunk rather than cable just float around in there .
802	Bag	POS	5	this bag be great for stow premium style -lrb- heavy guage , extend length -rrb- jumper cable in you vehicle . mine also accommodate glove and a flashlight . i be sufficiently please with this bag , that i give several as gift .
722	Bag	POS	4	this be a bag which really force you to pack light . even after read the dimension , i be surprise to find out that it will not accomodate a few sheet of letter size paper unfold . in the long run , however , it have rid i of the habit of keep lot of junk in my bag . i end up actually file thing , instead of carry they around for week ... the construction seem good to i , and i have no complaint with the velcro , and no need for stitch or pin . i carry a pda in a case , sunglass , some other gadget , and it work well . ca not really go wrong for the price too .
121	Bag	POS	5	i have have this sander for about a year now and be very pleased with it . it have perform excellently from fine sand for refinish door to rough sanding of plywood . the variable speed feature come in handy , especially for the fine sanding work . belt change and track be a breeze . be able to flip it upside down onto its flat top give it some double-duty use as a tabletop sander . as well , be able to remove the front handle give better access in tight area . the dust collection bag be , however , worthless and you should just expect not to use it . either hook it up to a dust collection system or leave it open and make sure it point away from you . a carry case be not include , but would have be nice . overall , though , a very nice sander for the price and i would recommend it to anyone .
477	Bag	POS	5	this be a great addition to my yellow tool collection . i have have tool box problem for year and have use several of these handy bag to solve the problem . highley recomend this one and the 17 '' one .
920	Bag	POS	4	this be a quality bag and fully capable of hold long jumper cable . i purchase a 4 gauge - 16ft jumper cable set and this little bag can handle it and more . i like this bag because it be quality be excellent and there be enough room to truly carry any length of jumper cable and even some small handtool inside . the only negative be that its handle be kind of `` cheesy '' and could be make with a little more heft to they . this should not keep one from buy this product because this bag be build to last - probably take it to my grave . overall , i like it and think it would be a most excellent and practical gift for anyone . i give this a four-star rating because i just do not like the `` cheesy '' look and feel of the handle .
385	Bag	POS	5	my lovely and delightful roommate buy this for i as a birthday present , and it be wonderful ! roomy , very well-constructed , and with lot of pocket for all of my accoutrements . it be larger than i have originally anticipate , but that be a extra add bonus . ideal for a weekend trip , or for drag all of you goody to and from work . it be aesthetically please as well , with the all-black waterproof matierial and slightly silverish piping that be reflective for safety . the shoulder strap pad be great-with a grippy substance on the underside that hold the strap just where you put it . what a great present !
419	Bag	POS	5	this bag be no different than any other product that i have purchase from bucket boss . from the quality of material use , the forthought of the inside compartment to the shoulder strap , this product be perfect for the `` neat freak . '' i have just order the bucket boss vertical tool organizer . my past acquisition from bucket boss have be the 56 pocket 5 gal . bucket organizer , the parachute bag -lrb- 3 -rrb- and bib apron . the only downside to this bag be the outside pocket be too small . other than that i still rate it 5 star .
635	Bag	POS	5	this bag be simply one of the most marvellous ! easy and very usefull to take with you anything you want .
94	Bag	POS	5	the ergonomics of this bag fit everyone 's need the pouch hold everything video . this be great !
119	Bag	POS	5	i love power ! this tool deliver boat load of it . but you know what ? it do not sound like it . i be never able to use a belt sander before without earplug . this one run at only 84 db . it be the quietest on the market . it be also the smoothest i have use . i have use all of the 4x24 sander and the makita just seem to do more work faster . maybe it be the fact that it have the highest speed of any , maybe it be the high tech , powerful motor , the efficient drive train . whatever it be , it kick butt . the dust collection system be also top notch . for small job and fine work , i prefer my bosch 1274 dv . it be much lighter , compact and easy to control . for extend use or heavy sand though , you can not beat this tool .
231	Bag	POS	4	i can only agree with everybody else . the bad be big , but it pay off after a while , becuase you can carry smart media card , battery , a camera , a cable , a pair of sunglass and a micro-recording device in this bag at the same time . for i as a music journalist , that be a great thing . the bad thing be that you can not really wear it over yur shoulder like a bigger bag . it look and feel dumb . besides that , this be a good product .
89	Bag	POS	5	this bag be everthe it be advertise to be . . very secure , lot of compartment and well build . i recommend this bag whole heartedly .
480	Bag	POS	4	this bag be a good value . it do not leave much extra space inside , depend on the length of the cord you have , but it get the job do .
235	Bag	POS	5	i be in dental school , and this bag be great ! it fit perfectly in my locker , and hold a lot . it can fit 2 typodont , and there be plenty of room to spare .
169	Bag	POS	5	i buy the 21 '' makita 9903 belt sander after my old skil 18 '' sander 's on\/off switch stop work for the umpteenth time , and my other el-cheapo 21 '' belt sander be steal -lrb- thank goodness for small favor -rrb- . i have use the sander now for a month to sand down 2x6 and 4x4 rough sawn surface on redwood and doug fir i have use for finish a deck -lrb- railing , fascia , stair trim -rrb- . absolutely perfect tracking all the time , no matter how hot the belt get , no matter how much pressure i apply , no matter how long i have use the belt . i start with a 50 or 80 grit , then shift directly to a 120 grit belt for final finish . i have sand approx . 20 4x6 16 ft board , both side and edge , plus another 10 4x4 8ft post ... all 4 side , among other thing this far . power galore and perfect belt tracking , simple adjustment to bring belt to edge if need -lrb- and it stay there -rrb- ... what more could a belt sander need to do ? change belt be just as simple as with any other belt sander i have use over the year -- pull back on the clamp lever -lrb- it say open -rrb- , slip belt on , close clamp lever ... and let ` er rip . i also very much like the flat ` top ' which allow you to turn the sander over and sit it on it be ` top ' to use the belt surface as the stationary member while hold the work piece by hand to shape edge , corner , etc. with much greater precision of cut -lrb- hand hold piece , as oppose to hold the sander -rrb- . i also own a makita sawzall -lrb- or whatever they be call -rrb- and have own and use it extensively for several year -lrb- purchase in 1992 ? or ' 95 ? or somewhere in that time-frame -rrb- . it be be extremely reliable , never any problem in the most demand work i have throw at it ... so i decide to buy the makita belt sander as well for the hope for reliability and trouble-free use . normally i opt for dewalt power tool ... still own and use my dewalt professional radial arm see that i buy in ' 75 ... never have a problem with it and i have use it extensively and in heavy work-load over the year ... it be still as stong , steady , & precise as it be in ' 75 . but , in the belt sander catagory , i do not like the dewalt design as much as the makita -lrb- turn the sander over and use it as a stationary sander while hold the work piece by hand be a great feature -rrb- . i have use other 21 '' sander borrow from contractor from time to time , and though power be alway 's great , the tracking deteriorated greatly with with the belt 's use or the temperature\/pressure i apply . i could not be more satisfied .
820	Bag	POS	4	i buy -lrb- and then return -rrb- four bag before stay with this one . be it perfect ? of course not , there be no such perfect camera bag . backpack ? sling ? rolling ? shoulder ? i wish there be one that have the benefit of all of these , but it do not exist . the backpack i have be use be wonderful for have both hand free , but it do not hold enough and when the `` kodak moment '' come along , i have to wriggle out of it , put it on the ground -lrb- regardless of how messy the ground might be -rrb- and then zip it open to get the camera out . whoops - my subject be go . the 5612 be heavy when full of my gear , but i do not have to leave anything out and i can get my camera out quickly when i need it . like all tamrac product , it be make of strong material and can take a beating .
837	Bag	POS	5	i buy this bag about 18 month ago because my kit have outgrow my previous bag . i generally carry two nikon d80 together two battery grip and four lens plus filter , battery charger , lens cleaning kit and so on . one thing that i particularly like be that the bag be long enough so it that will hold two camera body each with a battery grip and lens attach . this mean that i can minimize the time that i have to change lens and so help to keep the dreaded dust away from the camera sensor . the lens that i generally leave attach to the camera be a nikon 18-200 zoom and a sigma 10-20 zoom . the internal divider can be move about and reconfigure to suit you own requirement . the top zip down over the main compartment and connect to the side and front of the bag with four plastic clip buckle . there be two side pouch which be still accessible when the main compartment of the bag be all zip up . these be hold close by velco patch . i find these quite useful for thing like a mobile phone that you want use without open the whole case . it can get fairly heavy when load with kit but the shoulder strap and handle do a good job of spread the weight . the bag be within airline carry-on size but be careful if the airline impose a weight restriction on hand luggage . the only disappointing thing about the bag be the so-called ` piggy-back pocket ' which be suppose to allow the bag to be slip over the handle of roll luggage . i can not get this to work - every time i have try to use it the bag swivel round the handle of my luggage . nevertheless , this be a minor problem and i now leave the pocket close and use it to carry a newspaper or magazine . overall , i be very pleased with this bag and would recommend it anybody want a well make camera bag that can carry a large amount of kit .
78	Bag	POS	4	i agree with a previous reviewer that the dust collection system be poor . mine keep come off and frankly , it get in the way . i beleive i have come up with a good solution . i have a porter-cable finish sander # 333v and it have a unique dust collection system . call a sand trap , it be a porus cup that work quite well , collect even the finest sanding . i purchase a spare cup for -lrb- $ $ $ -rrb- and mount it on the 1274 with a 1 inch piece of plastic tubing and a clamp . it seem to work perfectly . i 'll advise after i use it a month or so . you can buy the sand trap from porter cable direct by call technical service list on they web site .
64	Bag	POS	5	just get my messenger bag and load the laptop and other `` essential '' stuff in it . i like it . quality construction and material . enough pocket for stuff that need pocket . i , too , would like the other side of the laptop compartment pad . a divider inside the bag would be nice too . but those be nit . it be the best reasonably price messenger bag i have see .
624	Bag	POS	5	great case for my bostitch stick nail framer . have a inside pocket for a oil bottle too . double zipper be heavy duty , the bottom of the case be hard and protect the tool from drop . it be tough on the job site and pack away well in my truck . if you serious about have and keep great tool , you will want this bag .
653	Bag	POS	4	i be look to keep my camera gear in one place and this be the bag i need .
149	Bag	POS	4	the bag hold all my loose hand tool well , my only complaint be that the interior pocket be so shallow that larger item have a tendancey to fall out into the main compartment . i would still recommend this item .
135	Bag	POS	5	i just want to say that this be a great bag for school and everything else . i go to college and this type of bag everyone have . it be the new style , jansport be out and the 1 strap bag be in .
387	Bag	POS	4	i own a sony digital8 camera , and this bag hold it perfectly . it be well-constructed , and the pocket hold extra tape and battery , wire , etc. , with some room to spare . while i be happy with this purchase , i would consider spend extra money for the crinkle nylon version -- the micro fiber be sturdy , but not as plush as the nylon .
140	Bag	POS	5	i buy this bosch at the beginning of a major remodeling project to replace a tired , 30 year old ... sander . i have not be disappoint .  for two year i fnish molding , level countertop , strip old paint , sand out difficult flooring stain and bevelled edge with it , and it be still run like new . it be light enough to use all day , the belt never need adjust or wander off , and the variable speed feature make it easy to set it for the job at hand . and the dustcatcher really work . a excellent choice for the pro or handyman .
798	Bag	POS	5	i absolutely love this camera bag ! both of my camera fit in it very securely , and there be plenty of room for my most important lens to be safely store . pocket line every available space which enable i to take along all , and i do mean all , of my accessory as well as my personal item which eliminate the need to carry a second bag or a purse . once pack , this camera bag be surprisingly light and very easy to carry . it be truly a dream come true , especially for someone who be previously force to carry two -lrb- 2 -rrb- camera bag as well as a third bag for my personal item .  tamrac 5608 pro 8 camera bag -lrb- black -rrb-
874	Bag	POS	5	i can stuff this tote with all sort of thing -lrb- book , shoe , sweater , makeup -rrb- , and it stand up to the task . it be great as a everyday `` schlepp '' bag , or as a carry on for the plane . i like that i can either throw it on my shoulder or carry it by the strap without it drag on the ground . it look fashionable , coordinate with all the gray and black in my wardrobe , and compare to many of the top brand out there -lrb- city sac , kate spade , etc -rrb- and at $ 29 , you can not beat the value .
547	Bag	POS	5	we keep this bag with jumper cable , basic emergency tool , a flashlight , a emergency blanket and a first aid kit in all we vehicle . the inner pocket allow organization and help to keep stuff from rattle around . no trunk should be without one .
164	Bag	POS	5	i have really come to love this bag . everything be sew well and feel really sturdy . the foam use to cushion the compartment in the bag -lrb- there be a moveable divider -lrb- attach with velcro-style strip -rrb- in the main compartment -rrb- be sturdy and protect the contents well . there be space enough for a medium size digital camera , a compact battery charger and battery , cable , and a few memory card . this bag also have a weatherproof hood that come out of a hidden zipper to wrap the whole thing up and protect it from rain -- a very cool feature . anyway , i know it be hard to get too excite about a bag , but this really be a cool one .
679	Bag	POS	4	product be exactly as it seem . good build quality . nice look product . i use mine for a coleman 12 foot medium duty cable , and the bag have a good amount of extra space in it . could accommodate a much larger jumper cable . happy with the purchase .
427	Bag	POS	5	man , these bag be great ! i fit a lot of my personal tool in here and have to take some out because the whole be too heavy ! i love the durable cloth ; i love the shoulder strap ; but what i like most be the use of space . there be a neat set of strap on top for a 2 ' level . there be organizational pocket on the inside for pencil , chisel , and whatnot .  there be a lot of room . they be not kid when they say you can fit a sawzall in there .
769	Bag	POS	5	all i have to say be this bag be big ... really big . think big then think bigger . i actually have not even load my gear into it because it be just that big . i put in a canon flash , 50d , 24-135 , 50mm , xsus , 18-55mm and seriously be not even enough to fill up half of this bag ... let alone the many pocket .
915	Bag	POS	5	after look at several review for belt sander , this one be always at the top of the list and have great review to boot . i put it to work right out of the box and have use four belt on it with no adjustment at all . it be easy to install a belt and the bag do a good job of pick up sawdust and it make it pretty fast . it be heavy , but that help with the task at hand . just be sure to hold on to this thing . it will not slow down when the go get rough , it just power right through to the end . my local orange box store do not carry it , but they do rent they and the only thing remotely negative they have to say be when it run over the cord , it eat it . the cost of rent it over several day verse buy it be a no brainer . this will be my go to sander for all my big job .
337	Bag	POS	5	the gatemouth bag be the perfect fit for my hitachi nr90ae nailer . quality be great
162	Bag	POS	5	i purchase this bag for my canon eos rebel x , a additional lens , and a few other accessory . the bag i have previously be way too small and i feel the camera and lens be pack too tightly together . this bag be the perfect size for my need . there be room for another lens as well . i would say if you have several lens that you 'll be tote around , this bag may be a bit small . if you be look for a decent size bag that will hold you camera , a lens or two , and a few basic accessory , i would say this be a great choice .
359	Bag	POS	5	love these buy five of they ! ~ i bough these for all of we ... myself , my husband , my daughter , my son , and my daughter in law ! ~ they be super nice and i love the the fact that it be just what you need in case you need it ! ~
38	Bag	POS	4	this camera bag be really great . really the only reason i do not give it 5 star be because it be actually a little too big . i can fit my digital camera and my video camera -lrb- and it be not even one of those new tiny one -rrb- and still have plenty of room for extra bag and card and cord , etc. . it be really great for tote it all , but if you be try to go with the bare essential , this be certainly not the bag for you .
459	Bag	POS	5	i consider buy a timbuktu deedog bag before i find out about amazon 's . although the amazon bag be a bit smaller than the deedog , it have pocket for everything . the fabric be great and look like it 'll have no problem keep out the rain . the detachable key holder be a favorite of mine too . i have no problem fitting in my many book and folder for school and the laptop pouch be great . i ride with it over my shoulder every day . completely recommend . btw , not only do the amazon bag organize you stuff better than the deedog , it be about 1\/2 the price ! the one benefit i could see of the deedog be the `` cross you heart bra '' style strap for stabilize the bag , but it be not enough to compete with the other feature that the amazon bag have .
648	Bag	POS	4	the dust bag collector for the bosch table see do a fair job at collection . i would guess it catch 50-75 % of the saw dust which be better than nothing . it hold quite a bit and be easy to empty .
97	Bag	POS	5	i order these for all of the supervisor vehicle in use by we emergency medical service . after seven year they be still in great shape . the one that i order from amazon be a personal purchase for myself . i know that it will do the job and last a long time .
875	Bag	POS	5	i purchase this camera bag for a larger digital camera . while there be plenty of room for my camera and all of its accessory , the bag be not overly large or awkward . the bag be sturdy and its compartment be laid-out logically .
567	Bag	POS	5	i buy this for a customer who want this specific bag and could not find it anywhere . it be no longer make by the manufacturer , so be very hard to find . the supplier here get it to i in perfect condition and with fast shipping . they may not have this item anymore but they have many other to replace it and they have fabulous work ethic and will go far in business . check they out even if they can not get this particular item for you . they will make it worth you while .
196	Bag	POS	4	seem to be well make , except the handle , which be thin and cheap compare to the rest . pocket seem they be go to be useless .
721	Bag	POS	5	i like to organize tool by job or function -lrb- electrical , plumbing , etc -rrb- . it make it so much faster to grab tool to go fix something . this bag hold lot of stuff , with pouch on the inside and outside . there be a optional shoulder strap , and even a way of secure a level -lrb- which be usually a pain -rrb- . i like bag much more than metal tool box , as they do not slide around the truck as much . they also do not rust or dent -lrb- then you get to fight with the lid -rrb- . the material bb use to make these be pretty tough . i have a few of they thing that be at least 10 year old , and they be still in good shape . a professional tradesman would wear they out faster , but they should still last for year . this bag do what it should , and it could obviously hold thing that be not tool . i be think of get one for luggage .
841	Bag	POS	5	this bag be handy and good finish from outside and inside , definitely a good one for the price , stongly recommend .
792	Bag	POS	4	it be a shame they do not show picture of the inside of this bag . the top open up and then the front zip down to reveal 3 mesh pocket mean for flashcard , floppy disk , and cable . actually , i use mine for a camera\/binocular set i be give . the point-and-shoot camera and compact binoculars fit in the main compartment easily together with the divider . the mesh pocket do not hold bulky item , but it be good enough for a roll of file and a simple camera cleaning kit . so i have the basics ready for travel in one small bag .  i even buy another one for a personal 2 '' tv . the tv and its ac adapter be in the main compartment with a small pair of headphone in the front . i initially want to get this bag for my digital camera and accessory . but with a camera , battery charger , ac adapter , and three cable , it be just too much to fit inside this bag ; i get a small camcorder bag instead .  so this camera bag be great , but do not expect the pocket up front to hold much .
623	Bag	POS	4	the messenger bag be a great bag . my 13.3 '' laptop fit perfectly and so do my cassiopeia . only one feature be miss : a hand strap on the top . at 20 $ this be a great deal !
494	Bag	POS	5	my porter-cable belt sander finally die after a painful life . painful to i because it be terribly loud , overheate repeatedly require multiple replacement part , have a ill-placed dust collector , and be too heavy . the makita be a massive improvement ! ear muff be not require . the dust collector be not ram up in you face . i do not dread use it at all .
855	Bag	POS	5	last year i give `` sensible '' gift to some of my family in northern minnesota : long cable super heavy duty jumper cable for sub-zero weather and maneuver a jump around snowdrift . and i get this bucket boss jumper cable bag to hold the cable . it look great and hold the 20-foot 4-gauge -lrb- thick -rrb- jumper cable . much better than a plastic bag with a twist-tie ! here be the heavy-duty jumper cable i get . incidentally , longer and heavier gauge cable be well worth it . they still carry voltage well even when the weather be freezing .  coleman cable 08660 heavy-duty 4-gauge auto battery booster cables with polar glo-watt clamps -lrb- 20 feet -rrb-
723	Bag	POS	5	i do have to say , i do not expect to get something this huge . it be so roomy there be room for a lap top . i plan to use it as a carry-on bag for travel , so i can put all my book and extra thing on the plane with i . it be perfect for travel with all it be pocket and zipper . it even have a key chain inside .  i can see how a bag like this can be so versatile : diaper bag ; school book bag ; lap top bag for work . it be great ! and the price be reasonable . i think it be a bargain !
568	Bag	POS	5	my wife buy i this bag for christmas and i have be wait to write a review until i have a little experience with it . i love this bag . it hold all of my gear : canon 40d and rebel 300d body , 17-40 f\/4l w\/hood , 70-200 f\/2 .8 l be w\/hood , ef-s 18-55 and ef-s 55-250 w\/hood , and speedlite 430exius with diffuser . it also store all of my camera cleaning supplies and have ample room for manual , filter , memory card , and battery . i would highly recommend this bag to anybody look for a high quality bag to hold a lot of gear .
404	Bag	POS	4	let face it - it be not a vacuum but it help . it collect a fair amount of dust from my dewalt 745 . for the price it do alot - i put it on everytime i use my saw since it just make clean up a little easier .
276	Bag	POS	5	this bag be perfectly size and construct to store my jumper cable in the trunk of my car . my jumper cable be fairly large and `` clunky '' and i need something to keep it contain and out of the way . this bag completely take care of the situation .
522	Bag	POS	5	camera bag be sturdy enough & plenty of pocket for storage . i wish it be a little bigger with more room for accessory . . but hold camera very well !
240	Bag	POS	5	my olympus digital camera , 510 model , fit very nicely in this bag . the bag be not leather or anything , but feel high quality and have enough padding to cushion a drop of the camera . at a reasonable price , this bag be a great value . it have a strap to clip onto you belt and a shoulder strap . this be everything i be look for in a bag and i be very pleased with it .
736	Bag	POS	4	except for the dust collection bag , this be a great belt sander . it be light and managable yet still have more than enough power . the ergonomics be good -lrb- the hand grip area could be a bit bigger -- those of you with bear paw for hand , beware -rrb- . the dust collection bag be not so good though . the bag collect just as much dust as my porter cable . but empty the bag be a real hassle . there be no zipper . instead there be a cheap plastic clip . mine crack after just a few change . -lrb- update : this bag suck . i retrofit a porter cable bag . -rrb- also , a sand frame be available for this machine . update : i first write review in 2004 . my machine be still go strong . i have replace the graphite platen several time . this be a wear item . available from bosch for about $ 3 each . i have also replace the pulley belt because the belt stretch and be so loose it jump tooth on the pulley . about $ 6 from bosch . five star for durability !
163	Bag	POS	5	i have replace a 20 year old craftsman belt sander with the 9903 makita . i always fight with the craftsman 's tracking . i could only go 5 minute before i need to adjust the tracking . the makita be not like this at all . it have perfect tracking ! i pull the 9903 out of the box and it track ok with the stock belt . but when i put a 3m belt on it and tweek the track a bit i have not touch the tracking , even when i change the belt to a different grit . i highly recomment this belt sander and 3m -lrb- purple -rrb- sand belt . you can turn 9903 over and clamp it to the bench , great feature . it have a very nice trigger lock button , easy to set when you want to set it - but not so easy to lock when you do not want it lock -lrb- with either hand -rrb- . a add benefit be that this belt sander be that it be very quiet -lrb- as belt sander go -rrb- . my only complaint be with the availability of accessory . i can not find a sand frame or a vacuum attachment . when i go to a authorized dealer for makita and ask for a quote on a sand frame they quote the housing of the 9903 . buy this one , you will not be disapoint .
126	Bag	POS	4	i buy this bag as a gift for a friend who need one badly . i choose this one because of the color and the fact that it have a full zipper enclosure to keep dirt out . this camera bag be just big enough to fit a sony alpha with kit lens and sony 's telephoto lens which be rather compact . to get both of they in there one of the padded insert have to be remove . the smaller pocket provide enough room for a spare battery , cable , lens cloth and filter .
116	Bag	POS	4	nice bag . i have have good luck with case logic . they seem to be about the best they be , at a fair price .
776	Bag	POS	5	what be there to say . it be a bag . it be round . it have a zipper . it hold my jumper cable perfectly . this be one of those product that do what it suppose to . it be a great solution to the problem of have jumper cable lie tangle on the floor .
935	Bag	POS	5	i just purchase one of these bag for myself , and like it so much that i order another as a high school graduation gift for the girl next door who be take she car to college next year . i have she initial embroider on the outside , and fill the bag with jumper cable , fix-a-flat , hand-crank flashlight , etc. . it might not seem like a very exciting graduation gift , but she like it and will like it even more if she ever have car trouble .
811	Bag	POS	5	i have be research camera , this one sound like a good find . sadly , there be not that many review for it . i want a camera that have good zoom and be quiet . the `` spy camera '' comment definately push i toward this item . still look ...
763	Bag	POS	5	bag be very rugged , hold all the stuff i need it for . the only thing i wish it have be a way to put a small lock on it , not really to secure the tool , because you can just walk away with the bag but to keep people from borrow anything behind my back .
329	Bag	POS	5	this case have be even better than anticipate . i can carry everything -- extra memory , battery , charger , cable for download to any computer , camera , software cd -- everything ! it be different compartment hold and separate all the essential accessory that allow i to share photo where ever i be . this be one of those truly helpful gift to give to yourself or to someone else .
836	Bag	POS	5	this be a extremely well-designed and well-built sander . i have use many sander and be disappoint by poor design and bad belt-changing clamp system . its variable speed eliminate the need to press harder or softer on the sand surface , cut down on the chance of gouging material or cut divot in the surface . change the belt be easy : pull on the side lever and the belt slip on and off . there be a belt alignment adjustor which i set the first time i use it and have not touch since . the front handle be removable for sand up to obstruct edge . the dust bag actually work , and the sander can be hook up to a dust collector . most importantly , there be two accessory for the sander which make it versatile . the sand stand turn the sander into a upside-down bench-mounted sander , and the optional fence provide a way to easily and accurately sand endgrain on wood . it be build in switzerland and it look and feel like it be make by swiss watchmaker .
656	Bag	POS	4	i buy this bag intentionally for my pentax slr , instead of a video cam , and be very satisfied ! room for the body , two lens and several filter along with half a dozen roll of film and a few odds and end .
669	Bag	POS	4	bag fit good , however there be alot of dust that the bag dose not collect .
994	Bag	POS	5	i do not expect to ever have to buy another backpack\/briefcase again . this hold my handspring visor , cellphone , wallet contents , car stereo face , document , and several book , and i hardly know it be there . much more comfortable than any backback i have ever own -lrb- with more pocket -rrb- and free up both hand for other thing , unlike a briefcase . the drink pocket keep a water\/soda bottle secure and easily accessible , and i get compliment on the way it look all the time .
753	Bag	POS	5	this product be great for organize and protect my beading material . most of my tool have they own pocket so that they be easy to find and they do not damage each other . the wiring , silk and other material easily fit inside the bag so that all be in one place , easy to find and safe .
890	Bag	POS	5	i have be a loyal bh photo customer for over fifteen year . but a friend suggest that i try adorama as he think they be a first class company . the tamrac bag be my first order place with adorama and it will certainly not be my last . it be a painless transaction and i couldnt be happier with the product and the service . the price be unbeatable . in all fairness i must say that bh photo be a great company to do business with , but if price be you primary concern , then adorama be the way to go .
767	Bag	POS	5	i have burn my way through several beltsander , and actually this be the second makita belt sander i have own . this sander be a workhorse ... you can use it all day , and it be still ready for more ! it be one of the quietest sander i have own -lrb- although none of they can truely be call `` qiuet '' -rrb- . but , my favorite feature of this sander be its ability to lay flat when it be turn upside down -lrb- this way it can be use as a temporary stationary sander -rrb- .
289	Bag	POS	5	if you do not have a vac system , then this will really cut down on some sawdust . it do not take care of all of the dust , but it catch a decent amount . just make sure the outlet be clear before you plug in and start the saw .
191	Bag	POS	4	... make sure that you do not purchase this with the sony vx2000 camcorder . although amazon list this video bag as a accessory for the 2000 , it just do not fit comfortably . you have to really jam the eyepiece into the bag , and because it be pack in so tight , it just do not feel protected .  the bag be rugged , and handsome . most consumer mini-dv camcorder should fit in the bag . probably not the canon gl1 and definitely not the xl-1 . other than that , go for it .  as a general rule , pick a camera bag be the kind of thing you should do in a store ... bring you camera or camcorder with you and try it in different bag . it be hard to guage the size and fit of a bag simply from its picture and dimension . plus , at camera store you can often find nice padded bag that do not \* look \* like camera bag . this be a plus if you travel a lot and be a weakling -lrb- and prone to mugging -rrb- , like i be .  seriously .
946	Bag	POS	5	i be unsure that this case would fit my sony mavica fd90 because the only dimension i could find be a little smaller than the camera . i order it anyway as a carry case for the camera and a few floppy just on short trip , instead of the case in which i carry all the cable , battery charger , etc. . this case be perfect even if a little snug because of the lens protrude . the inside pocket give great protection for the camera , and the zip-down front be perfect for the floppy , and maybe even a extra battery ... or a personal item or two . i be glad i trust -lrb- the website -rrb- ... to come through again . they be right as always .
60	Bag	POS	4	the kodak bag be a nice lightweight bag that be easy to carry . i do wish that i could load my digital camcorder vertical instead of sit it horizontal . the bag would need to be a little taller for i to give it five star . it would allow i to carry my camcorder as well as my camera at the same time without sit they on top of one another . overall it be a very nice bag .
52	Bag	POS	4	we love this to keep we jumper in and easy to find , and store in the truck .
73	Bag	POS	5	just the right size for carry household tool from closet to where they be need . i like that it zip up and have pocket on the inside and outside . it even have a padded shoulder strap . update 11\/2008 : i agree that thing do tend to fall out of the interior pocket . divider would make this more useful for organize small item . still give this 5 star for durability . for small tool , i now use a couple large shallow box -lrb- picture frame come in they -rrb- . keep stack in a drawer , i can more quickly see the tool i need or take the whole box to a project site .
513	Bag	POS	5	this be the third 3 '' belt sander i have own and it be by far the best . the 9903 be fairly light and the handle allow good control . it be indeed very quiet consider the power . i be very pleased at the 16 ' power cord . belt change be not a problem . and boy do this thing suck - i mean excellent dust collection . sand belt tracking be good and easy to adjust . this be a very nice sander . i wish all of my purchase tool do what they be suppose to do .
115	Bag	NEG	1	miss lead title of product . the product do not come with jumper cable . though it clearly state cable and tool bag . the title should say cable\/tool bag . they be advertise thief ... read the fine print i guess !!! mother f'er !!!
783	Bag	NEG	1	i buy and return this bag . it be huge . i could have fit three digital camera in there . the reason i buy the digital camera -lrb- olympus 3020 -rrb- be that it be small and compact . this bag be almost as big as my camera bag for my slr . my bag be also miss the divider so the camera would just flop around in the bag .
718	Bag	NEG	2	purchase the garrett metal detector bag a few day ago . very disappoint with the bag . my garrett ace 250 metal detector be 44 '' long on the shortest lenght . the bag be only 42 '' long . the metal detector be too long for the bag . guess it would fit if i be to take it apart but ... that seem silly & useless . would not have purchase the bag if i would have know it would not fit unless i take the metal detector apart . what a rip off ! update ... i would like to say that the company stand behind it be product . they email a response on my review and be very concerned that i be disappoint with the bag . the company make thing right and in this day and time that very seldom happen . most of the time it be all about sell the product . but not this company . it be important to they that the customer be satisfy . i must say , i be satisfied now .
941	Bag	NEG	2	bosch 1274dv 6.6 amp 3-inch by 21-inch variable speed in-line belt sander with cloth dust bag  several of my favorite tool be bosch so we start out on good term . however the dust collector plug up early on and i could not get it to work again . then the tracking quit adjusting . finally it just stop in the middle of sand a big table top , maybe overheate ? it be in the trash and i return to my tired old makita .
916	Bag	NEG	1	the picture clearly show tool and cable in multiple picture . no where do it state that these item be not include . no where do it state that you be purchase the bag only . bag might be nice but not without the tool and cable . will have to return this .
610	Bag	NEG	2	the picture look good but the performance be disapoint !! it do catch some saw dust but the rest end up on floor and in you face !! with the bag on , the back pressure from the bag over the exhaust force the dust around the blade guard and up !! through the table plate and into you face !!! wear eye protection ! better off invest the money in a vacuum system or a hose connector for my jet-dust system ? -lrb- jim casey - carpentry , mashpee ma . -rrb-
5	Bag	NEG	2	i have recently purchase numerous bosch tool from amazon\/tool crib and i have be a life-long bosch fan . however , i have to say that this be the very first time i have be let down by one of they product . i guess i just get a rare `` lemon '' . immediately on use it , i have problem with the `` lock-on button '' . either it would not keep the machine running , or when it do engage i could then not stop it ! it work sporadically , but usually not until i have try to disengage or engage it several time . then , after just 15 minute use sand some deck timber , a loud clatter develop . sound like a bearing problem ? this do not seem to unduly affect performance , and since i purchase the unit for this specific job , i carry on for a while . then , the rear belt wheel start to slip or disengage , like a slip clutch . the work i be do be not unduly difficult and for a period of time , the work be go like a dream , much as i be use to with bosch tool . so finally , i just give up-extremely disappoint that i could not finish the job at hand . i have return it and i will get the 1276dv instead .
148	Bag	NEG	1	after use this thing 5 time , it quit . it be suppose to have a one year warranty . i send it back 3 month after purchase . after wait 10 week , it be ready for return , except they want $ 40 for the repair . it turn out the switch go bad , and it and several other item be not cover after 30 day . that be not mention anywhere when i purchase it . i will never buy another bosch tool again . by the way , i be 58 and this be the first time i have ever have a switch go bad on a tool . i be not be not a commercial user .
579	Bag	NEG	1	perhaps i miss read about this . i think it be a digital camera and the case . i only receive the case . i will be return this item soon .
680	Bag	NEG	1	it be so unbalanced ... it will turn on its head whenever a cam-body be inside ... . i use with a k7 , and crack it because of the really bad balance of this package ... warning : do not buy it !
77	Bag	NEG	2	not worth the price you ask ? it be only $ 11.00 . true . do not waste you $ 11.00 . instead plug a shop vac into the exhaust port of the table saw . the small exhaust port get jam easily and if that happen , forget collect any dust in the bag . if the exhaust port stay clear , then i would say i collect about 10 % of the dust produce . especially with mdf . what a mess !! i build a moble stand for the saw and folding stand so i push the whole thing out into the drive way and use it out there because of the mess it make inside the garage .  the saw be great and i be very happy with it . i give it 4 or 5 five star in my review of the saw itself . but this collection bag be pointless . save you money and spend it elsewhere .  until i get my dust collector for all my tool , i use this bag on my dewalt 2-speed planer where it work great . i empty it frequently , but that be a planer for you .
575	Bag	NEG	2	the bag i receive do not fit the description list here on the site . the bag be much larger and have no divider to keep the camera safely inside it . it be so large i could fit about four of my olympus camedia 520 's in it . even the hangtag on the bag describe thing that be not in it . i have a great deal of trouble find how to contact amazon about this problem and be now await and ars container to return it for a refund . from read other review i see i be not the only one to receive a bag much different from the one describe here on the site . i will be buy a replacement from a store where i can actually see what i be get .
833	Bag	NEG	1	the top load case logic dc70 be super !! the one selling at ... , be a front loading case . not good for large camera . company make 2 model use the same item number of dc70 . worth look for the one that the camera go in from the top of the case .
898	Bag	NEG	1	i get this for my husband and it be not all that great . he say they will have to greatly improve it before he would ever consider purchase another one .
987	Bag	NEG	1	never even have to take it out of the bag . one review state he fit he # 2 gage jumper in this ' i would sure like to ask he how . this bag be small . i have a heavy duty set of cable in my f-350 and it be not even close to fitting . a standard size set could fit ? this be go back to amazon . advise - roll you cable up and measure diameter and height of the roll .
498	Bag	NEG	2	this dust collection bag capture a good portion of the sawdust , but create too much resistance to airflow , cause sawdust to blow back in you face . i have to take it off . disappointing .
960	Bag	NEG	2	while a great concept , this dust collection bag prove of little worth to my dust collection effort . i find that hook my shop vac up to the dust ejection port on the back of my bosch table saw be infinitely better than this bag , which only collect about 50-60 % of the sawdust
18	Bag	NEG	1	this dust bag be so filmy i be afraid to handle it fear i might tear it . for 12 buck you think bosch would spend a little more on the material . it be a insult to the ts4000 saw . shame !
272	Bag	NEG	2	this dust collector bag do catch a majority of the sawdust during cut , however , sawdust still fly out the bottom , top and around the blade , so do cut in a closed basement or close garage be still go to require clean-up .
685	Bag	NEG	1	most of the dust blow out around the saw blade , but there be a little bit leave over that collect in the bag . i would say about 20 % of the dust be actually collect . save you money and use a shop vac or a real dust collector .
542	Bag	NEG	1	i be not even sure where to start ... well , its not a back pack . its a carry case with handle and a shoulder strap . the strap be uncomfortable , skinny , and way too long for even a large human male . the damn thing do not fit my detector without break it down . after break it down the battery pack and headphone do not fit in the pocket . i almost lose my battery pack and control unit on the trail because they fall out of the way too small unable to zip pouch . my fishing pole may fit , if i keep it . at this point im so frustrated i want nothing to do with garrett , optics planet , or amazon . do not waste you money .
407	Bag	NEG	2	this only hold the camera + lens and a few roll of film . no room for a extra lens , no room for a flash , no room for a extra body . get something else .
