index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
786	Flashlight	POS	4	product seem to work just fine . it ship in a decent time .
862	Flashlight	POS	5	for its size , its the best thing out there in term of light , with a great slim outer shell . the include holster be a great plus . long battery life due to the led !
864	Flashlight	POS	5	i have several of these mini maglites . they be solid , well-made , great little flashlight , with extra feature : beam focus -lrb- just twist the head -rrb- , spare bulb holder -lrb- inside the rear cap -rrb- , and a candle mode -lrb- take the head off and it become a base for the barrel -rrb- . i have only have one fail , and that be my fault -lrb- i do not check the battery in one that be keep in a drawer and a expire battery leak -rrb- . why do i own several of these ? well , you have get to have one in each color , right ? seriously ... i keep one in the center console of my car . it be great for old eye look at a map or direction at night , when the dome light just be not quite enough . it be also a help for a quick look under the hood , in the trunk , or under the seat . of course , i keep a regular mag-lite in the trunk , too . i keep one in my office desk in case of a power outage , or when the time light go off in the evening , or for digging around in the computer or copier . i keep one by my home computer for those time when you have to go poke around inside . i keep one in the headboard of my bed , again in case of a power outage . i learn my lesson in the 1994 northridge earthquake ; it be still dark and the power be out , and various and sundry thing have fall on the floor -- it be no fun walk around in the dark with bare foot when there be lot of stuff scatter about . there be a couple of other -lrb- kitchen and garage -rrb- , just to have around . just remember to check the battery every few month , and when the bulb burn out and you use the spare in the rear cap , replace it before you forget -lrb-  mag instrument lm2a001 replacement lamp for aa mini maglite , 2-pack
324	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a bright light at a great price very happy over all good buy !!
766	Flashlight	POS	5	i be a maglite repeat customer , so i guess i have already know i would like this aaa version . i buy one to try , but i will be buy more to keep at various place around the house so that whenever i need to look behind or under something i have a light handy . they be tough , durable , bright and , because of they size , incredible convenient . mag have another win flashlight model here . i especially like the candle function .
485	Flashlight	POS	5	i buy this light to replace my battery hungry surefire light in my edc -lrb- every day carry -rrb- kit . prior to buy i do some research and my choice come down to this light for the follow reason . 1 -rrb- battery life : this technology allow the mini-mag light to run for 96 hour on the low setting , which be bright enough for regular task at night . 2 -rrb- lead : not only do this extend the useable time of you aa battery , it be bulb life be tremendous , usually into thousand of hour -lrb- although mag light do not state the life expectancy of this particular bulb -rrb- . 3 -rrb- feature : with a twist of the head , this light go from high beam to low beam to flash to s.o.s mode . this be a awesome feature . if you be ever in a situation where you need a third party rescue , just flip on the s.o.s mode and you that much closer to salvation ! and as with most modern utility light , the mini-mag led be water and shock resistant . 4 -rrb- size : although it be slightly longer than my surefire m2 centurion , it be a lot thinner and easily fit inside my edc kit which you can take a closer look at on my blog at theseniorscout.com
872	Flashlight	POS	4	so everyone love mini maglights , or even maglites in general , even though everyone know they be not that bright and you can buy brighter light out there , but everyone also know that they maglite be go to last a long time and for a cheap price , you can purchase a led drop in that will surely surprise alot of people !! these flashlight be great ! by themselves maybe not all that bright , but purchase a drop in led and be surprise at how good these can actually be !! so 4 stars because of the light brightness by itself , but spend another $ 10 - $ 15 and you will have a awesome led light that will last basically forever and will probably extend you battery time while be a million time brighter !! you can not beat $ 8 for a mini maglite
905	Flashlight	POS	5	the construction and quality be what you would expect from a maglite with a solid and durable aluminum body and rubber gasket inside to keep out dirt and water . the grip be also nicely texture to keep the flashlight from slip out of you hand . light output be excellent with a bright , white beam and good throw distance . the reflector have be redesign from the 2aa incandescent model and eliminate the infamous maglite `` hole '' -lrb- a dark spot in the middle of the beam -rrb- when the flashlight be on full flood . adjust to spot be not a dramatic difference , but it definitely put more light in the center of the beam which can be useful in certain situation . battery last a long , long time , and unlike the older incandescent model , the light output do not decrease to unusable level long before the battery be dead but rather stay clear and bright until the battery be exhaust . the led be also considerably more durable than a incandescent bulb , and my led maglite have survive knock and drop that would have require a bulb replacement in my old incan model . and while the lead version be about a inch longer than the old model , the flashlight be still small and light enough to carry everywhere -lrb- i always keep mine on my belt so it be always handy when i need it , which be more often than you would expect ! -rrb- . i have only one caveat : the flashlight do not have reverse polarity protection meaning that if you accidentally install the battery backwards , you 'll smoke the led and you 'll have to buy a new flashlight . just be careful when install the battery and you 'll be fine . it might seem a little pricey , but it be worth every penny . ---------- edit : a year later and this little flashlight be still go strong . it never leave my side .
649	Flashlight	POS	5	okay , the `` battery '' be cheeper but there be that $ 8 shipping you need to consider . amazon have the free shipping option . oh yeah , great battery . super great flaslight system !
790	Flashlight	POS	4	i sure do like this light . light be bright , and last a pretty good long time . the only thing that i do not like about it be that if you set it down on the battery , and raise the lamp up and point it down , it become unbalanced . but ... that do not hinder my use it ... love the light .
993	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a really good light . it stay in the charger so it be always ready to go . focusable beam be a great feature . it be very bright .
475	Flashlight	POS	5	i be a touristic guide in the cloud forest in costa rica . i provide one of these flashlighst to each tourist for night hike in the forest . all the people love these flashlight and some of they want to keep this maglite for he rest of they trip in costa rica . they be easy to use , light , shockproof -lrb- perfect for kid -rrb- and waterproof -lrb- perfect for the rain forest -rrb- . rechargeable battery last 4 or 5 hour . we can perfectly spot animal at the top of the tree at 40 meter of distance . i be sure that this be he best flashlight for my night tour ... i get 8 of they . 100 % recommend .
270	Flashlight	POS	5	these mag light be great as they pierce even the darkest corner , thanks !
761	Flashlight	POS	5	i have have several maglite in the past and this one be by far the best . its size make it heavy for some . its the brightest one i have own . i be thinking of get a second one just becasue i like it so much . i advise to anyoen that camp and hike to get thsus one or a smaller one .
565	Flashlight	POS	4	this be really a bright flashlight . a classic maglite product . make from aircraft aluminum . it be really rugged that it become a issue with the lapd for use they as a melee weapon . wife do not want to touch it , it be heavy like a sledgehammer . pro : - it be blind bright . - adjustable beam spread by twist the head , which be also serve as the on and off switch . - well construct in every detail . - water resistant - it even include a spare lamp inside the tail cap -lrb- under the spring -rrb- . - reasonable price con : - use 4 `` d '' battery that make it so heavy and big . it be a struggle to carry it unless you need it also as a weapon . - maglite be somewhat overrate in my opinion .
945	Flashlight	POS	5	you can never find a bulb for the sear craftsman flash light . it blow they out if you bump the flashlight . waste time !!! spend a little $ get the dewalt i have 3 -lrb- sears be way to much $ -rrb- amazon have best price for bulb too ! 18 volt .
109	Flashlight	POS	5	this maglite be a heavy duty baton when fully load with the 6 \* d cell battery . the beam be as to be expect for a conventional incandescent bulb . it be not as powerful , nor as long lasting , as the lead model now on the market . it be price perfectly though . the construction have not change much over the year . these be make , and warranty , to last a lifetime .
127	Flashlight	POS	5	it be exactly what i be expect to arrive . i have slightly modify mine with bright pink tape so the boy at work will refrain from claim it as they own lol . .
402	Flashlight	POS	5	this lamp have be engineer to withstand abuse . it be a very basic flashlight , except for the heavy duty construction . have stand the test ot my two year old , who want he own flashlight .
72	Flashlight	POS	5	for those of you that own the dewalt dw919 18v cordless flexible floodlight with a dead bulb and look for replacement try this first ... just unscrew the flashlight lens and look right inside the rim ... bingo ! ... they should be a extra backup bulb right inside the flashlight ... i find this out the hard way after buy the replacement pack ... but if you have already kill both bulb then buy the 2-pack here while you can ... these be kinda hard to find ... and they probably will not last ... these work great so go nutz !
63	Flashlight	POS	5	maglite flashlight be renown for they top-notch quality , they waterproof \/ water resistant design , and they extremely durable and corrosion-resistant aircraft grade aluminum casing . the maglite aa mini flashlight be no exception . pro -- - come with a holster the holster have a loop for thread a belt through . it be well-stitched and make of durable nylon . - waterproof \/ water resistant the maglite be immersible in a few foot of water . - durable the aircraft grade aluminum make the casing of the maglite extremely durable and completely corrosion resistant . - small and portable the maglite be handy for emergency , hike , camping and other use - and its small size make it very portable for take it along anywhere you go so you would not be catch without a flashlight when you need one ! - well-crafted and beautiful con -- - incandescent flashlight bulb the incandescent flashlight bulb that come with the maglite can blow out , especially when subject to extreme temperature . led bulb replacement -------------------- as a aside , the incandescent light bulb can be replace with the  terralux lead flashlight bulb  lead light bulb be brighter , use less energy , and have a 30,000 hour lifespan . conclusion ---------- the maglite mini flashlight be waterproof \/ water resistant , portable , and have a extremely durable exterior . recommend .
976	Flashlight	POS	5	if you find yourself walk small dog after dark in coyote infested area , this be for you . just wrap it with ice hockey tape and you will be good to go !
142	Flashlight	POS	4	this be the best flashlight i have ever get . its kinda expensive but well worth it . if u just want a throwaway flashlight get something else but if u want a `` keeper '' then buy this i have have drop it countless time and just abuse the heck out of it and it still work .
158	Flashlight	POS	5	very nice flashlight . as always with dewalt , very well make . i have drop this flashlight in my pool and numerous time on the floor and it still work perfeclty . i have have to replace the bulb after 3 year ! long lasting bulb as well . i recommend this flashlight very much
220	Flashlight	POS	5	to start , i be a tradesman who have to carry he lifeline on he belt . not only on the job , but i be also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . every time i even move to take my workbelt off , it seem to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall say something be on fire or will not open all the way . and the mini mag be the universal flashlight . it be sell everywhere , include this fine site and even family store , and despite its legendary quality and design , be at the most ten dollar with include holster . i prefer the classic aa design , where ca not you find aa ? i have use one of these on my belt for about four year . it be a excellent tool , and i have never have one wear out on i . the bulb , however , be the achilles heel . the rest of the flashlight be military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . but these dang bulb go orange after a couple week and last a couple month of casual use . i be consider shell out forty buck for a small led , just to save the money on bulb . then , walk through a sport outlet , i pass the flashlight section . and next to the usual mini mag with holster , which i own close to six of , be a nite ize accessory design for this same flashlight . a lead bulb . now , i have see these online for about twenty to thirty buck , and this be a ten dollar flashlight ! but this one just sit around on a shelf be eight buck , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . what the heck , i get one . to quote another review , my trusty old mag be now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . and led , as all mag-hater know , do not burn out or even go out when bump . so , for a total of twenty buck , you get a american-quality led beam that compete and plain out whip fifty-dollar import with plastic casing . i would not recomend this flashlight if there be not there be a way to fix its biggest flaw . just get you hand on this led adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulb into powder . you will not be need they , ever again . there be also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that include a push-button adapter if you have ever wish you could tap a red button on the end instead of twist it on and off . i have not try it , but it come with the led , and for eight buck ? and hey , the flashlight itself come in six different color . these thing be easily replace if one get bang up or you room-mate\/girlfriend draw all over it with sharpie while she be on the phone . i have have these work perfectly even they have be through hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . just take the lead out and put it in the new one , those bulb last forever . and now , so will this flashlight .
586	Flashlight	POS	5	have be use maglite flashlight for year , they be tough , resilient and a very good value . now if i would just stop lose they !
281	Flashlight	POS	5	very bright little flashlight . nice little pouch with it fit almost anywhere but be as bright as a larger flash light . still use initial battery have have for 2 + month .
783	Flashlight	POS	5	maglite flashlight be renown for they top-notch quality , they waterproof \/ water resistant design , and they extremely durable and corrosion-resistant aircraft grade aluminum casing . the maglite aa mini flashlight -lrb- model : m2a01h -rrb- be no exception . pro -- - come with a holster the holster have a loop for thread a belt through . it be well-stitched and make of durable nylon . - waterproof \/ water resistant the maglite be immersible in a few foot of water . - durable the aircraft grade aluminum make the casing of the maglite extremely durable and completely corrosion resistant . - small and portable the maglite be handy for emergency , hike , camping and other use - and its small size make it very portable for take it along anywhere you go so you would not be catch without a flashlight when you need one ! - well-crafted and beautiful con -- - painted exterior the black paint of the exterior be extremely durable but it can get inadvertantly scratch off . if that be a concern , i would recommend the silver maglite , which have a bare , unpainted aluminum surface . - incandescent flashlight bulb the incandescent flashlight bulb that come with the maglite can blow out , especially when subject to extreme temperature . led flashlight bulb replacement ------------------------------- the  terralux lead flashlight bulb  lead light bulb be brighter , use less energy , and have a 30,000 hour lifespan . conclusion ---------- the maglite mini flashlight be waterproof \/ water resistant , portable , and have a extremely durable exterior . if use with a lead flashlight bulb , the maglite mini flashlight be a extremely bright and reliable light source that consume very little battery power . it just do not get any better than this !
505	Flashlight	POS	5	i remember i find my first maglight ; i be drive down a highway behind a tractor trailer , the driver run over something so i break & pull over . it be a maglight , i bring it home change the bulb & it work perfectly ! have to replace the lense from it be encounter with the mack truck but since that day it have be my favorite flashlight . a year later someone steal it out of my car , so after you purchase this wonderful flashlight keep it safe ! you need to own this !
268	Flashlight	POS	5	purchase this light as a extra to work where there be dim lighting . use this item several time since purchase ,
138	Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be a monster ! it have wonderful craftsmanship for the price unbeatable . this thing put out a amazing amount of light ! i be at a drive in movie with my friend and before the movie start some people be shine they flashlight on the white screen mess around . i decide to take out this bad boy and it fill the whole entire screen drown out the light of both other flashlight ! the battery also last pretty long , i keep this light in my car and use it maybe once a month , i have not change the battery in over a year ! all in all great product
703	Flashlight	POS	4	buy these a while back and get the two-pack for about 8 buck . i have both a dewalt 18v and a ryobi 18v flashlight . both take the same bulb , and these dewalt xenon bulb be bright and hold up pretty well to shock and vibration -lrb- i have drop both light more than once and the bulb -- as well as both of the flashlight -- can take a reasonably good beating -rrb- . but recently i have find the same bulb -lrb- look like same manufacturer , too -rrb- brand under the craftsman name at both sears and osh -lrb- for those of you in california -rrb- sell for $ 1.49 each . lot easier to find one there when you need it in a hurry .
458	Flashlight	POS	5	maglite s2c016 black c cell flashlight , 2-c  awesome !!
128	Flashlight	POS	4	i purchase these for a black & decker 18 volt flashlight . i accidentally drop the flashlight onto a hard tile floor and the original bulb break . these replacement bulb be a perfect fit ! they last a very long time -lrb- unless you drop they !!! -rrb- .
694	Flashlight	POS	5	it be a amazing flashlight for the size . it have the lite intensity of a ordinary twin d-cell fashlight and will last even longer . the ability to adjust the beam be fantastic and it be small size mean i can carry it with me constantly . high quality and value for the buck be it be best points .
532	Flashlight	POS	5	got this on time and i buy 2 . one for my dad and 1 for my brother in law . i be sure theyll love it . it be pretty strong and the power of the light be also v. good . good brand to trust on .
633	Flashlight	POS	5	two word : bad ass ! this lead mini-mag be the best flashlight i have ever own . it be durable , elegant , powerful , and the led light use less energy than halogen bulb , mean longer battery life . enough say . stop think about buy this and buy it . you will not be disappoint . additional note : if you live near a costco you can probably find this bundle with the big led mag light for under $ 30 -lrb- and it come with battery -rrb- . that be where i buy mine about 2 year ago . the larger d cell lead maglight be excellent as well , and it double as a baton for self defense !
348	Flashlight	POS	4	this be a must have item if you need to carry you maglite with you while you be work . the only down side to its design be the weight of the 6d cell maglite will eventually cause the snap hold the together to fail .  it will take a lot of abuse before it do fail and it sure beat hold the flashlite all night long .
860	Flashlight	POS	5	you will be happy to know that the mag-lite rechargeable flashlight system now come with a spare lamp in the tailcap , at no extra charge to the consumer ! there have also be a few improvement make to the halogen lamp which have increase the brightness by 33 % and have increase the on-time by 33 % ! a great mag-lite make even better !
405	Flashlight	POS	5	i enjoy play hide-and-seek with my 6-month old son out in the wood . sometimes though , he hide so well i can not find he , even when it get dark . ever since i get this flashlight , it take i hour , not day to find he . this flashlight have help i create a bonding father-son relationship .
111	Flashlight	POS	5	great flashlight , lead technology be the way to go nowadays as far as lifespan , vibration resistance , etc. . . maglite have be my choice for many year as i grow up use these in my household . this have sos strobe , low power function , etc. . . i do not really use that but it be cool if you do .
871	Flashlight	POS	5	dont waste you money on those new lead light ... nothing beat a maglite ... you cant kill em . plus it can be tool in a pinch
884	Flashlight	POS	5	i have use maglite flashlight of various size for 15 year and always find they to be very well-made , durable and dependable . i also have a 5 watt surefire flashlight and a 1 watt lead flashlight that be similar in design to the mini-maglite . i have also use a minimaglite lead upgrade module -lrb- not make by maglite -rrb- - which do not perform to my expectation . i recently purchase the 3 watt lead mini-maglite and be very impressed with it . it be very bright - at least 3x as bright as the 1 watt minimag clone that i have . it be not as bright as my 5 watt surefire tactical flashlight , but i would not want it to be . 3 watt be great for a general purpose flashlight . in short , the mini-maglite led have exceed my expectation . the only negative that i have be that it take so long for maglite to make they led flashlight available . other led flashlight have be available for several year and it be begin to look like maglite be not go to develop any led product - i be glad they do because this be a great little flashlight .
938	Flashlight	POS	5	i really like this little mag-lite . it be a perfect size to keep in my pocket , or in my glove box and be plenty bright for my need . you just can not beat the quality of mag-lite !
467	Flashlight	POS	5	i have a set of these mount below the dash on my pickup face the floor . it be tuck away just right so any occupant can see it clearly and get to it , but it be out of sight of stranger , out of the way and not float around the interior of the car . well worth the money . i be go to buy two more for other vehicle .
487	Flashlight	POS	5	i have one at work and i have one at home . i can always count on it work and use it all the time .
407	Flashlight	POS	5	i purchase this flashlight for my father and it work better than anticipate . the convenience of have a group of tool work around one set of battery be the way to go . i recommend this to anyone that be look to simplify they inventory of tool and work light .
776	Flashlight	POS	5	i get 14 year of service from my first rechargeable mag light -lrb- include the rechargeable battery -rrb- .
833	Flashlight	POS	5	ive have this flashlight for over 3 year and it work great . still the original bulb . and only go through like 4 set of battery .
564	Flashlight	POS	5	move to a new apartment i know that i would need a flashlight at some point . i have a old flashlight that hardly work and think a small , easy to use flashlight would be fine . the review on this product be positive so i take the leap . i be really please with this light . i have not have a lot of use for it at this point , but the few time i have have to use it , it have work as expect . i be also a bit fan of the lamp ability that this light have . i would definitely recommend this product .
494	Flashlight	POS	5	this little flashlight have be a great help in many situation . i keep one in my purse and one in the kitchen drawer with the dog 's leash and drop it into my pocket before take my dog for walk at night . it not only light my way , but help i find the dropping as well as the key hole when i get back to my condo . the candle mode have come in handy during several blackout .
651	Flashlight	POS	5	i buy this light mostly for work use , but i use it at home too . it have typical maglite quality and a very useful holster . some of the reviewer do not like the fact that the holster have no velcro cover . i like this . the light slide in snugly and have easy access when i need it . the biggest plus be the fantastic beam . i have have some of the multus bulb light that other make , but this one be the best i have use . - tough - powerful - portable - perfect
514	Flashlight	POS	4	i have get one of these in my car glove box for emergency and another in my living room so that i can check the wiring for my stereo , check the fusebox when the power go out , etc. . the metal enclosed light be very sturdy . my 5 year old have bang it , drop it and it still work .
736	Flashlight	POS	5	i currently own two of these little lifesaver ; one in the car and one at home , and for the size and money i honestly do not think you can find something better . first let 's talk about the size : at only 5 and 3\/4 inch it be perfect for a car glove compartment , center console , or even in the visor if you car have a pouch for sunglass or other article . for at home it be equally convenient : store it in a kitchen drawer , night stand or any other place you can keep something the size of a large tip marker . feature wise the mini mag have a spare lamp in the tail cap , can change from spot to flood light with a twist , and can operate in candle mode . . mean you simply keep turn the light cover until it come off , and then place it on the other end so it act like a base . this be a great idea , and allow you to keep you hand free if the situation arise . one other thing i want to point out be to correct the person who state you must use two hand to use this light . i have the flash light before i as i be write this , and i can state for a fact that it can easily be turn on or off with one hand . if you have enough strength to adjust the volume on a stereo , you can turn the mini mag through it be full range of flood to spot and then off . quality of the mini mag be also top notch . one reviewer state he break from a two foot fall on carpet . sorry , but i either do not believe that or simply you mini mag be defective . i have drop the one i keep in my car at least 5 time . . on concrete ! and it still work as well as the first day i buy it . i know friend who have ding and dent on they mini mag , yet this little light continue to shine . can you find a better flashlight in this size ? i be sure you could . but for 10.00 ? nope . in my opinion nothing else even come close .
267	Flashlight	POS	5	the maglite -lrb- any size -rrb- make a great gift for folk of all age . i recently buy two maglite minis for my child . -lrb- my husband have a maglite that have be around for a very long time . -rrb- we have go around and around with other flashlight that just do not hold up to the rigourous outdoor play that my boy be use they for . these have last already through bump and smash and they have really hold up . they come with a extra bulb and with the first set of battery . they be also make in the usa . a flashlight make to last .
232	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a good , solid , well build flashlight that feel good in the hand . the light be bright and can be change from spot to wide . it also come with a spare bulb . i think the price be also very good as i see it for ten dollar more at another place . as usual with amazon , deliver two day later .
97	Flashlight	POS	4	i buy this at a brick and mortar retailer so i would have something in case the power go out in my apartment ; the flashlight i have be one i borrow from my parent , a 2-d cell cheap plastic duracell durabeam which would only stay dimly light if i keep constantly hold the button just right . i buy this on december 24 , 2011 for $ 7.89 + tax . it come with a weave nylon holder with a loop to hang it off a belt . i already throw away the packaging but i remember that it say 7 lumen and xenon ; judge by the fact that there be no minus maglight on amazon that say `` xenon , '' i suspect that , be naive and not do any prior research , i may have somehow get screw and purchase a older non-led minus maglight . it do do the job ok - this flashlight cast a gray circle of light surround by a lighter reddish-pink-orange color wider glow of light , and the size of the darker circle compare to the surround lighter circle of light change as the head be turn past the point necessary to turn the light on . the body and feature of the flashlight be the same as describe in the other review . its a shame the model number and type of bulb be not write on the flashlight . otherwise i light that the body be metal rather than cheap flimsy look plastic and 3-3\/8 inch of the body be texture so it be easier to grip .
918	Flashlight	POS	5	to start , i be a tradesman who have to carry he lifeline on he belt . not only on the job , but i be also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . every time i even move to take my workbelt off , it seem to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall say something be on fire or will not open all the way . and the mini mag be the universal flashlight . it be sell everywhere , include this fine site and even family store , and despite its legendary quality and design , be at the most ten dollar with include holster . i prefer the classic aa design , where ca not you find aa ? i have use one of these on my belt for about four year . it be a excellent tool , and i have never have one wear out on i . the bulb , however , be the achilles heel . the rest of the flashlight be military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . but these dang bulb go orange after a couple week and last a couple month of casual use . i be consider shell out forty buck for a small led , just to save the money on bulb . then , walk through a sport outlet , i pass the flashlight section . and next to the usual mini mag with holster , which i own close to six of , be a nite ize accessory design for this same flashlight . a lead bulb . now , i have see these online for about twenty to thirty buck , and this be a ten dollar flashlight ! but this one just sit around on a shelf be eight buck , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . what the heck , i get one . to quote another review , my trusty old mag be now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . and led , as all mag-hater know , do not burn out or even go out when bump . so , for a total of twenty buck , you get a american-quality led beam that compete and plain out whip fifty-dollar import with plastic casing . i would not recomend this flashlight if there be not there be a way to fix its biggest flaw . just get you hand on this led adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulb into powder . you will not be need they , ever again . there be also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that include a push-button adapter if you have ever wish you could tap a red button on the end instead of twist it on and off . i have not try it , but it come with the led , and for eight buck ? and hey , the flashlight itself come in six different color . these thing be easily replace if one get bang up or you room-mate\/girlfriend draw all over it with sharpie while she be on the phone . i have have these work perfectly even they have be through hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . just take the lead out and put it in the new one , those bulb last forever . and now , so will this flashlight .
749	Flashlight	POS	4	i have use these light for many year now . as a musician , i find they invaluable backstage to help get cable all hook up in the dark . in fact , i have a blue and red one and i swap the part around . i have since lose one of they and now i have this hybrid red\/blue light : -rrb-  anyhow , after a while , the thread start to get full of aluminum dust and debris and the o-ring need some lubrication -lrb- i have most recently try some chapstick and it seem to work . i have notice newer light have some kind of oily material on they -rrb- .  i would like to see they offer a lght use 3v lithium cell technology and a brighter bulb with fewer dark spot .
337	Flashlight	POS	5	this unit be a typical mag instrument ; excellent design , excellent build quality and overall a excellent rechargeable !
599	Flashlight	POS	5	this maglite flashlight be amazing ! it only take 2 c battery , and its bright beam reach as far into the darkness as i can see . it have a adjustable beam focus , but it be not the kind that you turn on by twist the end ; it have a on\/off button-type switch . the bulb be the incandescent kind , not a blue-looking led -lrb- the lead maglite consume less power and be great for search for thing on the ground in the dark , but this kind seem to project its beam farther , so it be good for use on the campground or the shooting range , and in miss person search -rrb- . it be not terribly heavy for a metal flashlight , but yet it be extremely sturdy . i would recommend for anyone that want a full-sized flashlight , buy this one . but remember that it be just that : a full-sized flashlight . if you want a compact one that you can carry in you pocket , you will want a smaller one , such as the 2 aa model , but remember that the smaller one be generally not as powerful . as long as it be a maglite , you will not be disappoint .
622	Flashlight	POS	4	few flashlight will grab more attention than a 6d cell maglite . it be 20 '' long and weigh well over 3 lb with battery . as allude in other review , this really gun for the guy instinct . it be exaggerated and give the same feeling as see the volume go to 11 -lrb- a la spinal tap -rrb- . ever since i first see one on display 20 year ago , i have want it -lrb- but have to settle for a mini-mag -rrb- . of course , as a maglite , it live up to they reputation of be virtually indestructable and a good substitute for a baseball bat . however , in light of recent innovation in led technology , it do not have as much practical value . as one would expect with a 6d -lrb- 9 volt -rrb- light , it be one that can signal satellite . when i first see it , it be brighter than anything else , at least operating from standard battery . 20 year later , it still use the same technology , albeit with the availability of the xenon `` mag-num '' bulb , which add 23 % brightness -lrb- per maglite 's web site -rrb- . other technology have emerge that make this beast show its age , especially the so-called `` tactical '' light , some of which be smaller than a mini-mag , but brighter than the 6d . do not get i wrong . it be tough as nail and extraordinarily bright . but , the 3d cell maglite with the led upgrade put out a comparable amount of light , while consume only half the battery and be 40 % smaller . as of this writing -lrb- 7\/2007 -rrb- , there be no led upgrade bulb available from maglite , save the 4d cell version , use with 2 dummy d-cell -lrb- why ? -rrb- third-party vendor have some good one , but they be either dimmer or do not focus . one even cost $ 75 + -lrb- for a $ 25 chassis -rrb- . one company boast its upgrade bulb will yield 140 lumen ; for comparison , the mag claim the 6d cell with the xenon bulb yield 218 lumen . if maglite be to put a lead upgrade for this light out on par with the 3d cell led upgrade , it would make this light incredibly bright and i would also give this the full five stars . bottom line : if you must have a gi-normous flashlight that be well-engineered and virtually indestrctable , this be the one for you . i have one and love it , but truthfully , it be more of a novelty that satisfy some primal yearning inside of i . for emergency and everyday use , i have strategically located maglite 3d and min-mag , all lead , around the house . update : i get this 7\/17\/2007 from mag 's customer service about the 5-6 cell led upgrade : `` we do not plan on make a lead for the 5 or 6 cell light because the volume be too small to justify the tooling cost . led be voltage sensitive and if use in the wrong size light will either reduce the overall life of the lamp or blow it out . you can also purchase a battery spacer \/ dummy battery and use we 4 cell led module , model # sh34dcw6j . ''
580	Flashlight	POS	5	you can buy flashlite with 18 volt bulb all day long in the area i live in , but not the replacement bulb . i guess they want to sell another complete flashlite . these bulb arrive in there blister pack , well packed , no damage . and they work perfectly . thanks amazon .
85	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a good value and a great light it work very well and have have no trouble at all with it . thanks
201	Flashlight	POS	5	at less than $ 10 deliver , these dewalt bulb be a fantastic value . they be the direct replacement bulb for my porter cable 12v xenon flashlight . the ace hardware store that i order from have super fast shipping . the reviewer that give one-star because of the shipping cost must not value they time or think anything of bure up gas try to located these at a mega home improvement center .
820	Flashlight	POS	5	i have have mag light over the year and far as i can tell i will continue to buy they . i work as a handyman . i never know what i will be do from week to week . a good flashlight be worth its weight in gold to i . i have have my 2aa lead light now for just over 3 month now . it have be in crawl space , some of they dry . countless non light basement . i really like the fact you can reduce the power , use it as a strobe , sos , or a regular flashlight . great think on mag 's part . all in all , they be worth the money . if anyone be look for a great gift idea for just about any guy , this be it . ok i know there be a lot of gal out there that would think they be cool too . talk about a great stock stuffer .
114	Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be the perfect blend of power , performence , and toughness . my maglite take a couple hard falls-the diffrence-nothing . the holster be very handy and tough and wont rip easily . the spare bulb in the end of the flashlight just add to its brilliance . the light of this flashlight be more powerful than some flashlight twice its size . i have try other brand-named flashlight but none equal this maglite . you would buy it if you smart .
304	Flashlight	POS	5	i buy this light because i have a flashlight addiction . i also find pleasure in own thing that will outlast i . in addition to this 6-d maglite , i purchase a nite ize 1 watt lead dropin from lighthound , which i install as soon as i receive the club -lrb- flashlight , sorry -rrb- . led or no led , maglite be a exceptional value for a heavy duty flashlight that will provide year of service and be easily modify . we have a half dozen scatter throughout the house . i be astounded at the sheer enormity of this light . haha . it be truly a beast , suitable for carry on a belt loop while patrolling one 's neighborhood during a blackout or disaster , or for walk one 's dog , or when walk through the nasty side of town . it be heavy enough to do damage and long enough to give you some reach without get too close to someone 's hand . it would also make a good light for one 's vehicle , to ride along next to you . sorry , this one will not fit in you glovebox . the one thing about standard incandescent flashlight -lrb- maglite include -rrb- be that the bulb be not very durable . the aluminum casing and bezel be almost indestructible , but once you wail on someone or use it as a hammer , or drop it into a sinkhole -lrb- bad experience while cave , long story -rrb- , they be pretty much shot , and you once-dual-use item be now a expensive and heavy piece of milled barstock . with a lead dropin kit install , this problem be negate -lrb- there be many such kit ; some burn hotter than other , but do not last as long , and some be barely brighter than moonlight , but last hundred of hour on a single set of battery -rrb- . i think nite ize be good compromise , as long as you get the 1-watt bulb . seem they have clock better than 28 hour during run test , and this on a 3-c cell light . with more battery come higher output and longer runtime . check out candlepowerforums.com for more info . either way i be glad i buy this light . it give i a less-lethal option with more reach than a pocket lead light , and a focusable beam . plus , it be likely that it will outlive i . in a throw away world , mag instruments stand out . they manufacture item that be not only fully warranteed , but be bombproof , make in the usa , -lrb- mostly -rrb- , and to top it all , you can find they largest light on amazon for less than 30 bone . i think that be a laudable record . they have my business , for life . pmz
171	Flashlight	POS	5	maglite of course always great , but now with this newer version it apparently have different mode . after look a few place and not see how you change the mode i notice a few post of people say how it change mode after be hit or nudge . it 'll do that only if the battery spring be not put enough tension on the battery . switching mode be very easy actually , all you have get to do be turn it on and off and on in a somewhat quick succession . bam , it be on full bright then you twist it off then twist it right back on , viola you just go to dim . do that again and again you will get blinking and then the sos blink . after that it 'll go back to bright , just in a sequence of be on\/off .
660	Flashlight	POS	5	i have drop my maglite onto hard floor , submerge it in water , and subject it to the abuse of a tornadic four year old . the all metal -lrb- not plastic ! -rrb- case be nearly indestructible . both end be thread and be fit with snug o-ring to protect the innards from rain , humidity , and submersion . the lens housing twist to adjust the focus of the beam and come off to allow it to be use as a candle -lrb- handy for night in a tent or during a power outage -rrb- . in addition , a extra bulb reside in the base !
944	Flashlight	POS	5	it have the expect maglite quality . i give this product five star . my wife be very happy with it and with the service provide by the vendor , whatever its name be .
59	Flashlight	POS	5	i purchase the dewalt 12-volt nicad pivot head flashlight -lrb- w\/o battery -rrb- . it arrive promptly and be very well pack . it be first quality and exactly as describe . i plug a charge battery in and it work as it should . i use it every day in my work and it be durable and take a lot of punishment , drop , bounce around in the back of a p\/u truck , scoot & drag along the ground , toss from person to person etc. . excellent product .
206	Flashlight	POS	4	this be a 3 watt 2 cell flashlight . i agree with the other review here . more light output than the normal 2 cell aa maglight could have be do better like a end cap that have either a on\/off switch or lanyard attachment so it could be hang in a room for area lighting . still work better than buy the conversion kit that home depot sell -lrb- it be junk -rrb- . i have purchase another lead flashlight a year ago by river rock from target for less money and more light with equal quality . see the photo . the maglight be a good light and appear to be make in the usa .
148	Flashlight	POS	5	these be great light . i have have at least 5 maglight in my life and each one have be there reliabily even after be drop and on in the rain and in the mud ... i be pretty rough on they . i even have one in the bedroom i find they so very useful . i be sure you will find they usefull too , no matter what size you get ! other than that , take care and good luck shopping , unless you be shop for a good light in which case you really do not need good luck ... you have it , yes , buy the light now ... what else be there to say right now ... ? oh , i know try to buy a l.e.d. one now-a-day , as those last longer ... this one be not that type , but it be almost the same , so keep think good thought , not just about life , but about this light -lrb- notice how light and life be often the same in metaphor ? -rrb- . you can comment on this review and metaphor and light if you want .
169	Flashlight	POS	5	led be so much better & brighter than standard flashlight there be no comparison . mag-lite quality only add value .
986	Flashlight	POS	5	while i have run into a flashlight that be slightly more waterproof than this one it be almost three time more expensive . in my humble opinion value be a major component of any design . for this reason , this flashlight rate a 5 . grasp this in you hand and you be immediately strike by its design in strength and careful manufacturing . the adjustable beam , which spread or focus the light expand the usefulness . narrow for read a map late at night or wide angle for walk down the lane . a spare bulb -lrb- a old concept that seem to have get lose until now -rrb- increase the likelihood that you will have light when you want it . mag take a simple product , add important feature and then use quality material and method to produce it at a very attractive price .
250	Flashlight	POS	5	this review be for the 3 aa battery lead version -lrb- currently amazon have the title and description of the aa lead model mix up -rrb- . i have no less than 10 maglite in several size and color ... this one blow they all away ! to give you a example of how bright it be : in candle mode this flashlight be brighter than my fluorscent camping lantern that use 8 size d battery . this thing totally outshine comparable maglite more than 10 time its size . every automobile should have one of these in the glovebox , and no camp-box be complete without one .
327	Flashlight	POS	5	great product , have be use mag lite for year and finally wear out my aaa light . but happy to pay the price to have more year of good service .
14	Flashlight	POS	4	the name `` maglite '' have always be , to i synonymous with quality -- i have be wear this one on my belt for several year now . it be small , light-weight and have a powerful light for something this small . the beam be quite bright for a flashlight this size , and the `` candle '' mode be a nifty feature -lrb- especially when the end of the flashlight fit into the upended top -rrb- . it help i more than once , especially when in a crowded elevator during a minor power outage . my parting comment to all who be in this elevator with i - `` why do not you have a flashlight with you ? '' my only gripe -- the nylon belt-sheath , which be durable -- not only allow the flashlight to fall out in some situation , but it do not keep the rotate head of the flashlight protect . more than once someone have come up to i to say `` umm ... you belt be all light up !! '' i solve that problem by sew a -lrb- rip-stopped -rrb- strip of nylon onto the top of the sheath -lrb- back to front -rrb- , and attach velcro to the end of the strip and to the front of the sheath , so now my maglite stay securely in the sheath . would i buy aother maglite ? sure ! i would like to eventually buy the whole family of maglites -- from tiny to huge . they do the job and do it well .
509	Flashlight	POS	5	i install these in the ` saddlebag ' of my chevy avalanche and they work very well . i actually use some special fastener from lowes to use as i be install these in plastic . they have a very firm grip on the flashlight and it look like these will last a long time .
753	Flashlight	POS	5	this mini mag be really very good , though its a bit overprice at amazon.com i realize it after purchase . future buyer check walmart\/target for a lower price .
962	Flashlight	POS	4	it carry a d cell flashlight well . what more can be say .
476	Flashlight	POS	5	this be the recommend bulb for the 36v dewalt flashlight as well , i have have mine in there for about 6month with no issue .
209	Flashlight	POS	5	maglite asxd036 plain leather belt holder for d-cell flashlight , black  works great for this application . strap the flashlight down with a bungee cord so that it do not flop around complete the job .
963	Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be well build , big and heavy . just like my junk . if i hit someone on the head with this flashlight they would be a do tom turkey . just like my junk .
3	Flashlight	POS	5	excellent flashlight that will withstand the hard knock at a construction site . we use it to inspect down deep into the form wall -lrb- shutter -rrb- at u.s. embassy construction sites .
628	Flashlight	POS	4	the dewalt dw908 18-volt flashlight accept dewalt 18v battery , either nicd or lithium ion . if you use dewalt 18v cordless power tool and have 2 or more dewalt 18v rechargable battery , then this be a useful flashlight . of course , it work like any rechargable flashlight and its pretty bright as you would expect for a 18v flashlight . the value of it be in help manage battery life of the 18 volt ni-cd battery - you can use the flashlight to fully discharge the battery before recharge , thus get some use out of a battery that might be too weak to run you saw , but that can light up you flashlight for awhile . this help prolong the life of the nicd battery . the flashlight have a swivel head and store a spare bulb . i would give it 5 star if the swivel head could be position in any angle up , down or sideways .
306	Flashlight	POS	5	what can one say about maglite ? they the best ! i have a full size mag and several of the minus 's . i love the mini-mag lead !!! first off they as indestructable as a light be gonna come . serious shock resistance ... serious water resistance ... not a hammer and not a diver 's light but as close as the most of we will ever need . secondly they weight be about right . heavy enough to protect they but not so heavy that it can not be carry in a pack in the outdoors . next up be the grip , it do have a nice checkered pattern etch into the shell that give a good grip even with glove or even when wet . battery life always depend on usage but be about average for most aa light . like most led 's , bulb life be advertise as 100k hour . while i do not think it will last that long , it will make it long enough to make you feel it be a worthwile investment , and the bulb probably will not be what fail first anyway . next let talk about light...four-funtion of light ! by twist the bezel counter-clockwise it turn on the full power beam . now it be not the brightest compact light in the world -lrb- that distiction go to lithium power tactical light -rrb- but for a aa alkaline power light , it the brightest i have see . brighter infact than my 3aa power gerber tx3 .0 ! i have not do a distance comparison between they yet , but i can tell you that sit in my chair in the wood camping , the mini-mag illuminate distance up to 30 ' like daylight ! i be not kid ! distance up 50 ' can be see pretty well assume there be not too much clutter to cast shadow . also a big plus ; unlike previous generation of mini-mag led 's , the bezel can adjust to focus the beam . finally turn it clockwise until it tighten and stop will turn off the light . now that be one fuction ... turn the bezel couter-clockwise and then back off , then counter-clockwise -lrb- or on-off-on -rrb- within about 3 seconds will take you to mode # 2 ... low power . accord to the box it be about 25 % power . i find it to be a great reading light , map light for the car , light to look in small space where too much power could `` wash out '' or blind you eye . in fact i use it for navigation in total darkness . that way i be not totally blind when i turn off my light . next mode # 3 ... -lrb- from off ... on-off-on-off-on -rrb- it be a flasher that flash at about 1 flash per second . great for signaling ! i speak from experence here . i have a family member lose after a hike that get past sundown . i hike to a ridgetop right off the road then use this flasher to help they locate i . it work ! it be not a high speed strobe so it be not a defense tool , but as a locator signal , i give it a useful thumb up ! finally mode # 4 ... -lrb- from off ... on-off-on-off-on-off-on -rrb- s.o.s. mode . i seriously doubt anyone of we will be so lose or stand that we 'll be signal pass plane and ship but hey i guess if you be ... in all seriousness though if it be all you have get , it could help you be find by rescure or a passer-by . consider this , a 100 % truely dead car battery , mean no 4-way flasher . it addition help show that you need help with this almost universally recognize help signal , it also help make you vehicle visible avoid a potentially deadly accident . all in all , perhaps a little gimicky , perhaps not ... it all depend on what you intend to do with you new light . one final word about the bezel switch . after about 3 to 5 seconds of sit in either the off or on position , the next time the light be turn on it will return to full power output -lrb- aka mode # 1 -rrb- . i be not kid when i say this be my favorite product i have ever review ! there be so many use ! and everyone have need of it , they may just not know it yet !
537	Flashlight	POS	5	this be simply the best flash light i have ever use . really like the light focus feature and solid feel .
75	Flashlight	POS	5	this be the best flashlight in the world , period . i purchase one about 15 year ago for about the same price i pay for a second one a month ago , about $ 100 . in the 15 year of use i only have to change bulb once . that be it . however , recently the on-off switch go bust . i have send it for repair . i 'll let people know what be the experience with the repair department .
844	Flashlight	POS	4	when you be buy a replacement bulb for you ryobi lignt , buy high quality ... dewalt or eq . i have the factory bulb in my heavily used light for 5 year , then it break . the first replacement i buy -lrb- the cheap one -rrb- last a month before it break . i suspect these will go longer .
632	Flashlight	POS	5	i have own one of these for almost 10 year now . it be the best flashlight i ever purchase . i buy it when i be in college and work as a student auxiliary for the college police department . my flashlight have suffer a great deal more then most flashlight can handle . it be be drop , run over , use as a hammer , use to pound in tent stake , constantly take on road trip , i can not even remember all of the thing i have do to it . all i can tell you be it still work .  to keep it work well you should occasionally apply a small amount of vaseline to the thread to keep the thread and o-ring lubricate . if you do this it should last you a long time .
5	Flashlight	POS	5	i have several of these mini maglites . they be solid , well-made , great little flashlight , with extra feature : beam focus -lrb- just twist the head -rrb- , spare bulb holder -lrb- inside the rear cap -rrb- , and a candle mode -lrb- take the head off and it become a base for the barrel -rrb- . i have only have one fail , and that be my fault -lrb- i do not check the battery in one that be keep in a drawer and a expire battery leak -rrb- . why do i own several of these ? well , you have get to have one in each color , right ? seriously ... i keep one in the center console of my car . it be great for old eye look at a map or direction at night , when the dome light just be not quite enough . it be also a help for a quick look under the hood , in the trunk , or under the seat . of course , i keep a regular mag-lite in the trunk , too . i keep one in my office desk in case of a power outage , or when the time light go off in the evening , or for digging around in the computer or copier . i keep one by my home computer for those time when you have to go poke around inside . i keep one in the headboard of my bed , again in case of a power outage . i learn my lesson in the 1994 northridge earthquake ; it be still dark and the power be out , and various and sundry thing have fall on the floor -- it be no fun walk around in the dark with bare foot when there be lot of stuff scatter about . there be a couple of other -lrb- kitchen and garage -rrb- , just to have around . just remember to check the battery every few month , and when the bulb burn out and you use the spare in the rear cap , replace it before you forget -lrb-  mag instrument lm2a001 replacement lamp for aa mini maglite , 2-pack
713	Flashlight	POS	5	buy this light along with they fluorescent lamp -lrb- which die after 2 month -rrb- . this light work as expect . very happy with it .
808	Flashlight	POS	5	love my little mag .
257	Flashlight	POS	5	a quality build flashlight make here in the usa . at a great price , from amazon with free shipping . will not be lose or misplace this one with the size that make it easy to find when store under the car seat . with the 6 d-cell the light be very bright , and should provide good light after be store for a length of time . i highly recommend this mag-lite . maglite s6d016 heavy-duty 6-d cell flashlight
647	Flashlight	POS	4	hey , it be a maglite ! not much more can be say about this high quality flashlight . solidly build and have adjustable beam .
655	Flashlight	POS	5	i have use this flashlight for about one year and it have become alost the only flashlight i use . in cabinets it illuminate the entire space , no fumble to re-aim or balance or juggle . in crawl space you can set it up and work in a wide area without have to fool with the light , like a portable flood light . this and my led headlight be all i need anymore . great tool , and no worry about have fresh battery !
661	Flashlight	POS	4	i keep my maglite clip to the door of my truck . with two clip , the light would sometimes bounce out , if i close the door hard . i buy a second set of the clip , and add a third clip to hold my 5 cell in place . it have not come out unintentionally since add the third clip . when i grab it in a hurry , it still come out with a solid tug . it be nice to have the maglight where it can be reach in a hurry .
533	Flashlight	POS	4	when i buy the light many year ago it work great and be plenty bright . i take to strap it onto the handlebars of my bicycle -lrb- with a pad to prevent damage -rrb- for commute home at night from work . i really like the quick forty five minute recharge cycle and i have two battery so be easy to change out . no other bike light i have find at any price come close to that quick charge and simplicity . anyway ... the bulb eventually go after lot of use and i go look for new one . at my local tool supply i find they and head for the counter . nine dollars ! ! ! ! -lrb- for two bulb ; now ten plus -rrb- . that be stupid i exclaim ! for twelve volt flash light bulb . i can get the same thing at the local mom and pop hardware store for less than a dollar each ; dollar sixty nine top . five dollar each from dewalt what a mark up ! thievery ! etc. , etc. , etc. , etc. , ok i be sing a different tune now . i just `` invest '' in two genuine dewalt after several year of use the hardware store one . partly because the cheep one be get hard to find and because i remember the light be plenty bright back when new and have not seem that way for a while now . even allow for the darken that happen to the glass on the bulb over time i put in the new bulb and run it for a charge worth . quite a difference . the light out put be whiter than the basic cheep bulb , the spot on the road be larger for the same pitch , it actually seem to get brighter on the second use even though the battery be lower annnnnnd it run longer than with the cheep bulb for the same charge . i can say that because the run time be within a minute or less for each commute period . i guess i be back with dewalt bulb for the difference they make .
414	Flashlight	POS	5	3 pound , extremely durable , bright ... what else could you need ? caution : this item be strong enough to be consider a weapon , either as a lightsaber or beater stick , it will fracture skull with little force . rapist beware ...
964	Flashlight	POS	5	have own several mini maglites because i always take it on trip and sometimes forget it be in the nightstand . they be build to last forever and i have always like the include spare bulb . this one advertise a `` new multi-mode electronic switch '' for four function . i do not figure out that the ` switch ' be the normal collar because there be no instruction for this . go to maglite.com and watch the 38 second video to learn how to access the four funtion . maglite be still worth a premium price .
740	Flashlight	POS	5	i have be a fan of maglite product for year . it be the quality of the machine aluminium case . i have be think about upgrade some of my maglite to lead when this aa lead maglite become available . it be slightly longer than the non led aa maglite . the led be much brighter than the incandescent version and have much whiter light . in fact it be so bright in comparison that i think a 25 % power mode or even variable power would be a good idea . it do not focus as well as the incandescent maglite but it be still much brighter so this be not really a issue . i think this product be extremely good value for the level of light output . i believe a led conversion kit of similar quality would cost about as much . you can drop it and it still work . i have drop mine twice by accident with no ill effect . i think maglite have do a good job with lead technology . the led aa maglite be a big advance over the incandescent version and easily worth the extra money . there be also a 3xaa version which i be tell be much brighter . i want one to keep in my pocket so i prefer the shorter version . the 3xaa may suite other people better .
948	Flashlight	POS	5	the dw908 be a indispensable battery-powered portable and adjustable light that be vital to any garage - especially where use a plug-in drop light just will not work , and where you need both hand to complete the task at hand . the battery use in this light be the 18v lithium ion from dewalt , and the lamp be very efficient = lasting hour between necessary recharge . i buy this as a gift for a friend , and the use it have already get be phenomenal .
673	Flashlight	POS	5	if you already own a dewalt drill or any dewalt tool and already have the battery this light be for you . buy it for my husband and he love it .
984	Flashlight	POS	5	this light have be awesome but after one year the battery suddenly be dead . the replacement be around 22.00 so i guess in the scheme of expense , it be be overall a good deal . it be brighter that any maglite i have have
764	Flashlight	POS	5	great flashlight , extreamly durable , the lumination be wonderful . overall great flashlight .
204	Flashlight	POS	5	i buy this flashlight along with a dewalt cordless drill that i also rate as a 5 star . this flashlight fit on the same charger base , and the charge last a full half hour , and have a very nice bright light . i really like not have to go through battery all the time . this be purchase through amazon , and arrive on time and in good condition . i always seem to find the best price with amazon .
341	Flashlight	POS	5	purchase two battery stick at substantial savings over retail . both flashlight have see little use in past 5 month . one be bedside and other be in my truck . both be still on initial charge i give they and be hold up well . no problem .
576	Flashlight	POS	5	i use these clip to make a license plate mount that attach to my winch 's roller fair lead . these clip fit perfectly and make it easy to pop the license plate on and off . only downside i would say be that they be plastic ! otherwise they be a great product over all !
200	Flashlight	POS	4	the amount of illumination this small light provide compare favorably with that from a double-d-cell flashlight use a krypton bulb , which be probably what most folk expect from a general-purpose light . that say , compare one to another be tricky because of difference in the beam . a standard flashlight project a strong center spot surround by a broad halo of rather dim and often uneven light . however , with its much smaller reflector and led , the mini-maglite produce a strong center spot with a halo that be both much narrower and considerably brighter than its counterpart . therefore , one of the way i compare the two light source be to aim each at the white ceiling of a darkened room while observe the amount of reflect illumination of the furnishings . unlike the yellowish light emit by incandescent bulb , the led in the mini-maglite provide a brilliant , white light that seem to be quite close to daylight in color temperature . it do not suffer from the distinct bluish tint common to many high-brightness led . the light output from this led light be much greater than that of the incandescent version of the mini-mag , which i also have . i measure initial current drain from a set of fresh aa battery at around 500ma , compare to somewhat over 300ma in the regular mini-mag . the company claim the light use a 3-watt led -lrb- as rate by supplier -rrb- , but it would appear that even with a new set of alkaline battery the actual energy use will not exceed half that rating . furthur , my measurement indicate the power will likely decline by half again once the battery have start to become weak . of course , one can not expect miracle from two small battery and the reduction be likely a balance between high output and power usage . i would expect several hour of strong light , with slowly diminish output until the battery be exhaust . like the regular version , this mini-maglite be operate by unscrew the head slightly to activate a internal switch . furthur rotation will focus the beam somewhat as the reflector move outward . there be not a great deal of difference in the lead version , and very much twist simply reduce the overall light output . the head may actually be remove and use as a base to support the light in candle mode . this be make possible by the elimination of a lanyard like be attach to the tail cap of the standard mini-mag . as owner of several multi-led flashlight , i have learn that one big advantage to have a single led be the narrow , project beam it provide . that feature come in handy when you be walk at night and want to see some distance ahead . the light in the sp2201h package come with a holster for carry the flashlight lens-up on a belt or perhaps hang it from a nail . two duracell battery be also include . i have read that other folk have encounter problem with the switch be intermittant , and i must admit that the flashlight do not work well with another brand of battery i install during testing . mostly make in the usa , the flashlight carry a limited lifetime warranty that exclude burnout of the led module . improper installation of the battery may destroy this item , so be very careful . if have a slender light that weigh less than a third of the typical flashlight , yet illuminate just as well appeal to you , then i think you 'll be please with the mini-maglite led .
456	Flashlight	POS	5	must have have a bad production run of these . the first two have a defective snap . very please with the third one . the snap work properly . it keep my maglite ready and wait for when i need light .
848	Flashlight	POS	4	i buy these for my milwaukee m12 -lrb- 12-volt -rrb- product since milwaukee , unbelievably , do not make 12v bulb and put 14.4 v bulb in they light which appear dim and yellow . i take away a star for either amazon 's poor packaging or dewalt 's poor protection because , in my first shipment , one bulb be explode with glass dust all inside the package . this be a `` xpr '' = xenon pr bulb rate at 0.7 a. i note that one bulb have the filament center , while the other be off-centered and do not give as uniform of a pattern as a result -lrb- contribute for take away a star -rrb- .
366	Flashlight	POS	4	this maglite holder be great for the worker that carry a maglite . as i give it to my husband and now he have something secure to hold he flashlight without worry about it drop while work .
272	Flashlight	POS	5	i have own a few 4-cell maglite over a period of 27 year . they be extremely durable and produce a incredible amount of illumination . by simply twist the head , you can go from floodlight to spot very quickly . they be very water resistant as well . during my past line of work , my maglite also serve as a effective alternative baton . you will find many detractor that write about how the -lrb- maglite -rrb- technology be outdate , and that product from surefire and streamlight be superior in utilize new super-bright led technology , and in energy efficiency . this be all true . but there be counterpoint to these statement . one be that the more modern led product tend to be very expensive -lrb- some of they top $ 250.00 -rrb- , where a 4 cell maglite will run you about $ 25.00 s&h; include . second be that i do not see one of the lead product offer that be durable or heavy enough to second as a weapon . the only drawback be if you be a boater , maglite definitely do not float if drop overboard . if you be a back packer , i would not recommend this due to weight issue . i would recommend the mini-maglite instead which also offer great illumination , the same flood to spot feature , and be very durable and water-resistant , but be much lighter -lrb- it only need two aa cell -rrb- . aside from that , i could not be happier . they be the best flashlight you can get for the price .
995	Flashlight	POS	5	my company buy one of these mag lights and i didnt expect much from a rechargeable light . wow be i wrong , this light be better than any dry cell flashlight ever make . this be more like a spotlight on a police car with 50,000 candle power . we use this light all the time in a industrial enviroment where it get greasy a lot , and this have lead it to be drop a time or two , none the less it have never fail to operate like new . . the rechargeable feature on this light be so handy . we just hang up the light at the end of the day in its cradle and it be ready for hard action the next day ...
909	Flashlight	POS	5	love these flashlight , i have a rechargeable -- i lose it , leave it on the hood of a car . ok dumb you be right . i have all of the component just need the flashlight . can i buy the flashlight only ? will it cost the same as the whole kit ? please if anyone can tell i if this be available . thank you ! diana
636	Flashlight	POS	4	this be a great addition to the maglight flashlight , you can mount it in you car & always have you flashlight handy . the overall construction quality be good but will break if not use with some degree of care . i have have -lrb- 1 -rrb- clip break out of 4 pair in three year . i highly recommend these mount clip for convenience & just wish they be make a little bit more heavy duty .
197	Flashlight	POS	4	i purchase this holder for my maglite 4d lead , it be a very cool holder . the only problem that i have be that my maglite will pop-out of the holder when i be run . other than that it be very easy to use , it be easy to put you flashlight into the holder and it be also easy to take it out . the button snap button make the holder a lot more reliable . i recommend this holder .
759	Flashlight	POS	5	as be always the case , this maglite be sturdy , heavy and produce excellent light . if anyone have every own a maglight they know that they be hard to beat .
135	Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be awesome . it be just about 2 foot long . it could easily be use defensively since it look like a baseball bat flashlight . it put out 160 luke which be great for this more natural look light . great buy and very happy .
803	Flashlight	POS	5	use these to mount my 3-d cell maglite in my vehicle . i have the light mount vertically and these do a great job of hold it securely . you can pull the light out from the top or straight out , no problem .
286	Flashlight	POS	5	securely hold mag light . i give these with new lead mag light as a gift to my dad , he love the whole setup . as he have get older he would never be able to find a flashlight , now they be always in the same place . a little tight to remove and replace but loosen up with some use .
595	Flashlight	POS	5	i have have my 6d maglite for about 10 year now and still shine as bright and work as well as when i buy it . i go through a set of battery about every 2 year on average . dollar for dollar , this be the best flashlight . for $ 20 , it be very bright , battery last long enough , and it be also a intimidating clubber if worst come to worst . it be no wonder why law enforcement use maglites . i would recommend this flashlight to anyone and everyone . affordable , durable , bright , and a self defense weapon if need to be .
583	Flashlight	POS	5	this holder be great to have on you belt ! you never know when you might have to have you maglite with ya !!!
658	Flashlight	POS	4	awesome flashlight . works well ... we even buy more for ourselves and as gift .
469	Flashlight	POS	5	when my husband receive this as a gift ... i promptly steal it from he . it be nice and light and you can keep it in you purse or in the glove box in the car . if you headlight go out you could use it to drive by ... just kidding . the light output be very impressive . i like this size since the larger 4 and 5 battery size be very heavy . i wish they would dream up something besides the diamond-knurled grip . it give i the same feeling as chalk scrap on a chalkboard do ! ~ the rebecca review
231	Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be extremely strong enough to fight with it can be consider as a weapon . in fact i like it soo much as i buy this item and the red one also . recommend
925	Flashlight	POS	5	build solid and be super-bright . i test it at night and it light up the whole downstairs from we landing as if it be daytime . the back of the light set comfortably on you shoulder while hold it with one hand at shoulder height face forward - it be big . only downside be that it do not come with the battery , so count on another 6 + dollar .
277	Flashlight	POS	4	till now , i have be make do with minimag with various lead drop-in , and the 3 d cell mag , whch be excellent light . the 3d always be too large , heavy , and awkward , though . despite a almost pathological negativity by so-called `` expert '' against maglite product , for the past 35 year , i have find mine rugged , reliable , and rather good-looking . i really do not need a new flashlight , but just recently , i decide to see what all the yell be about , and purchase the lead version of the minimag light . scary bright ! a excellent light-weight light , nearly as bright as the 3d as it come from the package . i feel the additional mode , strobe and sos , -lrb- probably do with a eye to the competition -rrb- be of very little practical usefulness , except in extreme and rare circumstance , but the lighting level be nice . i put a terralux tailcap switch on my minimag led , something i feel the factory should have provide , and it cycle through the mode without a hiccup . i have never find maglite 's focus ability to be necessary , so i just set the focus where i wish , and use the tailcap switch . i do not know yet if the durability will match my regular minimag , but judge from my past experience , it will be excellent . recommend : four star , because of the extra , `` fluff '' mode , inconvenient operation without a tailcap , and the need to focus constantly .
175	Flashlight	POS	5	i have be use these same light for 12 year now . the aa one be waterproof to about 30 foot or so -lrb- the o-ring keep the seal airtight -rrb- . i do not know if maglite support that use though : -rrb- i use they not only as light , but to prop door open , hammer small nail . these thing be tough ! keep one in the car . one in the kitchen . one in the bedroom . one in the toolbox . one at work . helpful hint : lightly grease the o ring with vaseline or other petroleum jelly occasionally -lrb- wipe off excess -rrb- . this keep the seal watertight , and make the light work like new . take off head of flashlight , and examine the bulb -lrb- not light ! -rrb- - after a while they get burn on the inside - replace occasionally to maintain maximum illumination ! replacement bulb be cheap ! get some ! i use these a lot ! consider use nimh rechargeable battery .
144	Flashlight	POS	5	excellant product ! durable , perform as advertise , look great , include all warranty and instructional paperwork . great buy ! ron m
524	Flashlight	POS	5	great flashlight . dependable sturdy construction . definitely a light that will last a lifetime . love the spot to flood head . theres a reason why cop use to and sometimes still do use they , they work !
904	Flashlight	POS	5	i have purchase this maglite originally for my sister . she buy a house in the bay area , and so i think a great housewarming gift would be a 6d maglite . she live by herself , have no pet , and i figure she could use a excellent flashlight . i be not say she can not defend for herself , i be just say that everyone , no matter if you be live in a apartment or house , should have at least one 6d maglite . however , she see the size of this thing , and reject my gift . she tell i she would throw it away , so i say i would take it . i give she my 2d maglite in place of the 6d and now i have one of these bat and my sister have a smaller version . do i mention the size of this flashlight ? i just go camping to yosemite for a week , and let i tell you , this flashlight be great . you can take off the head of the flashlight , and it become a lantern . it light up any tent or campground . my buddy be impress with how durable and reliable the maglite . overall , i would recommend this product to anybody . even police officer tell people to get this flashlight . so when you have law enforcement officer refer individual to this product , then you know it have to be a effective item .
600	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great flashlight ! the price from amazon be half of what snap on tool charge . if you be older or have trouble see in dark place , this be the flashlight for you . one word of caution -- do not drop when hot !! you will be replace the bulb .
539	Flashlight	POS	5	i love my maglight flashlight . i buy mine id say about a year or so ago . after a few month of use i lose it and think i have lose it forever . last month i find it . it be in my wood beside my fireplace wedge in between a rock . it be outside for at least 8 month . it be out there for the whole new england winter and to everyone suprise it still turn on . it work like the day i buy it . if that isnt durable i dont know what durable be . as a matter of fact , its outside right now in my garden . i aciidently throw it in there but i really dont care , it can take it . its also nice and bright and have good o ring so water isnt a problem . it also have a -lrb- candle mode -rrb- where you take the top off and its like a floddlight . it do use up battery faster than some flashlight but its such a nice flashlight i dont care . rechargable would be a good idea . highly recommend
168	Flashlight	POS	5	if you primarily want a flashlight you can look elsewhere . this be first and foremost to beat the living daylight out of someone or something that be try to harm you . it be a self-defense club that can do some serious damage . the metal construction combine with the weight of the 6 d-cell battery will bring the pain to bad guy or violent animal . just know that this be capable of do more than just leave bruise or knot and can easily break bone if you go all out with it . the heavy duty construction should be able to provide repeated blow as need to do what be necessary to stop a threat . that be say , this be certainly not concealable if you be look for something non-conspicuous . the 4 or even 3-cell maglite can still pack a decent wallop in a much more compact package . as for the light aspect it do a good job jut like most maglite , but if have a bright light be you main concern you should buy a lead model or get one of the led conversion kit for these as this still come with a incandescent bulb . i would recommend the  terralux ministar31 mr-ex 1000 lumen led upgrade kit for magcharger lights  you burn time will also be much better with a lead model . even so , it be still a pretty decent flashlight even with the stock bulb .
756	Flashlight	POS	5	this small led flashlight put out a lot of light for it be size - especially when you consider how little power the led bulb use . nice flashlight . i would prefer a push button on\/off , but the twist on\/off work ok too .
926	Flashlight	POS	5	another great maglite product . construct well , will take a lot of abuse . great light output . you 'll be happy with this flashlight .788 magcharger flashlight system
791	Flashlight	POS	5	this little tiny flashlight be powerful . from the name you can trust . i have have mag-lite for many year and i have to say that this one be the most convenient of they all . it be durable , lightweight , and very inexpensive . it fit into any pocket , or can go on any key chain . you can even have one in any part of you car or house for those little emergency that ary . the aluminum alloy case be so protected that this flashlight can last a lifetime . it have be a great and useful investment . enjoy !?!
120	Flashlight	POS	5	i have own one of these for almost 8 year now . it be the best flashlight i ever purchase . i buy it when i be in college and work as a student auxiliary for the college police department . my flashlight have suffer a great deal more then most flashlight can handle . it be be drop , run over , use as a hammer , use to pound in tent stake , constantly take on road trip , i can not even remember all of the thing i have do to it . all i can tell you be it still work . the best thing about the 6c be that it be lighter and thinner than the 6d but still be big enough and bright enough to get the job do . i even buy one for my best friend to keep in he truck .  to keep it work well you should occasionally apply a small mount of vaseline to the thread to keep the thread and o-ring lubricate . if you do that it should last you a long time .
560	Flashlight	POS	5	this be one heavy flashlight and all that maglite advertise . it can double as a lethal weapon also . you can dial what width of beam you want to almost a pinpoint . i understand why so many people in alaska or rural area and hunter use they . you can see for close to a mile with the 6 cell and i do not think i could carry anything larger . i feel very safe with it when i be out at night and at my farm . very much worth the money and i will probably be get a couple more .
902	Flashlight	POS	5	typical maglite quality . i buy this flashlight for use in work with we fire dept. . ems system . it be small enough to fit into the holster with the scissors and knife emt 's carry with they . good for nighttime work and for check the pupil of a patient . it be amazing how much light this emit at night . i plan on use this light for many year to come . just can not go wrong with maglite .
235	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a great product consider the price . sure you 'll always find better luxeon lead flashlight , but none that can turn into a candle . the flashlight be great for blackout , for any night activity , and it beat the led upgrade kit for the regular mini mag . it emit a bright , far-traveling light that will not disappoint you . it also have the cool feature that even though we be deal with lead light , maglite manage to retain the focusability feature of the flashlight , and the ability to change from spotlight to floodlight . the performance be way better than the regular minus mag . you do not get those annoying rings\/dark dull patch of distorted light . this flashlight produce a focus , uniform circle of light . pretty neat for the price . use it for everyday task , and make sure you keep one in the car . although it be a great tool , i would not recommend it for tactical use . other than that it be great -lrb- although it be true that it lack a orifice on which to attach a lanyard -rrb- . either way , you should not be disappoint with this new addition to the maglite family .
939	Flashlight	POS	5	i love this thing . i be not a hardcore tool guy but this little light be incredibly handy . it be beam be brighter and have a sharper focus than you would expect form a flashlight this size . it weigh next to nothing which mean it be easy to hold in you tooth when you do not have a free hand .  if it be any testament to how great these light be , i have have three of they `` borrow '' from i and never return .  this light and my leatherman be just about the only tool i ever need .
377	Flashlight	POS	5	mag lite be the industry standard flashlight for a reason - because it be durable and last a lifetime . i own multiple unit of mag lite device !
205	Flashlight	POS	5	... it be big , it be a mag light and it really work when you need it . i purchase the sturdy clip and install it inside we key cabinet , so when we need it we just grab it , the key and go
343	Flashlight	POS	5	i carry a mag-light with i for a good many year while drive truck . a truck cab be probably one of the hardest place there be on flashlight , they never seem to last yet i never have a problem with the mag-light  once in a truck stop i see a driver set he mag light on a tire and forget it be there , when he start to move the truck the light fall off and be run over by the tire . when he realize what he have do he stop and pick up the light and it be still work . any other flashlight would have be flatten . if nothing else this make a believer out of i .
626	Flashlight	POS	4	buy this product at sears . have be use this product for 4 month . primary battery use in the product : duracell alkaline -lrb- come with -rrb- enercell alkaline energizer rechargeable ni-mah have use up to 12 battery during my use . experience ... durability : have be drop over 100 time on pavement mostly at 4.5 ft , 9ft on a rare occasion . no sign of wear on the the head , and main body after 4 month . tailcap have the gray paintjob rub off likely due to my have a metal key ring attach . lighting : primarily use it on the high power setting . -lrb- 70-80 lumen ? -rrb- leave this flashlight on for three day straight as a temporary bedroom light . set to upsidedown candlemode -lrb- minus the head -rrb- ; hang on a screw on the ciel with a keyre use the enercell alkalines the minimaglite run nonstop for less three day set on high . however the minimag be program to dimm when there be insufficient power around the 6 or 8th hour . day 1 first 8 hour have really good lighting day 2 sufficient light not too bright . day 3 insufficient light , last few hour blinking till power be fully drain . other use for this light : high 70-80 luman output in candlemode be very sufficient as a camera flash up to 3ft for flash-uncapable camera . my conclusion ... negative : not good as a tactical fast reponse flashlight for extensive daily usage . not the brightest in the 2aa battery category . no tail clicky switch . do not stay in a constant luman output . can not turn off without the head . positive : decent runtime . what it lack in brightness it be high on versatility with various feature high , low , strobe , sos , candlemode . aircraft aluminum body can take a beating just not the paint scheme . heatshield keep the outer body from feel too hot . commonly find in retail store in many part of the world . upgrade-able like the krypton-bulb minimag with various 3rd-party accessory in the market . affordable at the $ 20-25 usd range . come with 2aa duracell , and a nylon beltpouch .
735	Flashlight	POS	5	this flashlight be well make , very sturdy , and very durable . it be a much better product than the cheap plastic flashlight you can get for $ 1 a piece that break two week after you buy they . i purchase this mag when it be on sale , and now wish i have buy a few more .
548	Flashlight	POS	4	it sure be nice have a flash light that i always know there be a fresh battery in . this be the case because i have multiple of the 12-volt dewalt battery and always keep one on the unplugged charger fully charge and ready to swap out for a dead battery . this flashlight be well balanced and feel nice in the hand and turn on and off easily with the thumb of the hand hold the light . my only complaint be that it eat the battery up pretty fast . i be unable to make a run to the outhouse and back without the flashlight go dead -lrb- or at least very dim -rrb- . and i do not stay seat long . i end up turn it off while seat .
501	Flashlight	POS	5	this dewalt flashlight be very lightweight and simple & easy to use . works with any dewalt cordless battery , which supply a weighted base to stand on any flat surface . the actual light pivot a full 360 degree .
78	Flashlight	POS	4	i be use mag flashlight for 3 year . it have never make i upset . if you afraid from the dark try mag flaslight , it kill the dark in every condition . rain , mist or dust can not stop it . on the other hand the bulb technolgy be antic . so if you be consider to buy a new one , try model with led bulb
60	Flashlight	POS	5	i own too many maglites to count , and have never have any trouble with any of they . some i buy myself , and some i have receive as gift over the year . i keep they everywhere -lrb- home , car , office , briefcase etc. . . -rrb- , include place where they be subject to abuse and neglect , and they just keep on work . i think they light output be tremendous .
288	Flashlight	POS	5	small , compact , yet bright and sturdy . ca not really say anymore since the quality speak for itself . i buy this for my girlfriend who put it in she car for emergency . can not trust anything else !
696	Flashlight	POS	5	it be small but give the light of a full size light . can put in purse and pocket . it have a little hole to allow it to be attach to a key ring , etc. . small enough for child to hold .
454	Flashlight	POS	5	when i get the maglite lead i sorta expect it to be good , how about great , wonderful , amazing ! only 3 white led 's and you can light up the backyard like daytime . i be go to have to give away my old maglite as they just do not cut it anymore .
122	Flashlight	POS	5	this be a excellent product . i have carry one unit in my motor home for many year . the battery be rechargeable and last a long time and can be replace . most recently i purchase a complete new unit . the charger on the old unit quit , so i purchase a new charger and a new battery and now i have a second unit in my garage . i be always ready to be use and it be a excellent product .
162	Flashlight	POS	4	sturdy product like i expect . light be not at bright as i think it would be but still very good
43	Flashlight	POS	5	when i order this flashlight i be unsure whether it would be bright enough to be the go-to flashlight during power outage . upon receive it , i see it be plenty bright enough to be the household flashlight . highly recommend .
512	Flashlight	POS	5	as a firefighter for over 40 year , i can say the mag-charger be one of the most dependalbe light i have ever use . my original , which i use for 15 year , be lose at a incident scene . i immediately order a new one . i have replace the battery stick only one time . it be mount in my vehicle and be always charge and ready to go . the service time from one charge be more that adequate for most incident . i highly recommend this product .
491	Flashlight	POS	5	i buy this for my security job and it make carry my 3d maglite easier especially while carry 3 set of key .
720	Flashlight	POS	5	i have have mine for year and it have never let i down . it do not use up battery as fast as other flashlight too . it have a very solid body , so it double as a defensive weapon . i have one in my car and one at home . i also have 2 4d cell lead maglite for time when i need to walk around the neighborhood .
991	Flashlight	NEG	1	light wont stay on . after filing and sand all contact area it improve a little . i still have to bang it to stay on . very disapointed . flashlight from a dollar store be better .
96	Flashlight	NEG	2	essentially this add up to have a $ 60-ish workhorse powerhouse of a battery on the base , with a rather cheap flashlight attachment that be worth maybe $ 5 . i have have this light hang around for a couple of year from a combo set . it actually work well enough , though i do not often need a worklight . we recently have a 4 day power outage and this be great while it last both as a very bright flashlight , and to point at the ceiling to give some nice general non-glare room illumination . it only last about two hour on a charge be the problem . if anything scream out for a lead bulb , this be it , but at this point dewalt do not even offer that as a separate bulb . they do sell a 12v lead worklight which sound just awesome , but i do not have the 12v system , i have the 18v . with a lead this would never burn out the bulb . this one will last maybe 10-15 hour which be not what you want in a emergency light with no spare . also if you drop this light the bulb filament will probably break , led 's be much more robust . moreover , with the same brightness it would go probably 8-12 hour on a charge or more . that would be pretty much my essential emergency light . i would buy two or three . though the gooseneck probably look like the better design . what really kill this be that the head ought to swivel so it could point downward while stand upright on the battery base . you could work at a table or workbench with the light pointed at you work . but this only swivel from straight up to horizontal , which be really not all that useful . in short , wait for they to offer the gooseneck with a led , and get two , it will be super .
436	Flashlight	NEG	2	i be very excite to get this light ... initially , i like it . out of the packaging , i hook it up to the 18v battery and it work , emit a fairly bright beam . the sale ad say that it come with a `` extra '' bulb , which be not include . i email amazon regard the issue and they send a 2nd light to my address , instead of send a bulb or two -lrb- ? -rrb- . it be worth mention the the re-ship do not have the extra bulb either . i have pretty much decide to just purchase the other light as well , think i could use one and leave one in the work truck as a spare . then , i be use one of the light , hit it pretty hard with a board i be use in a attic , and it fizzle . i go and get the other light , use it the rest of the morning , then go to use it in the afternoon and it be burn out too - with little to no abuse -lrb- that i can remember -rrb- . i send both of the light back - they be not as durable as they should be . instead , i order two of the flexible-head light -lrb- dewalt 18v -rrb- . a few of my friend have these and have have no issue . i will leave a review for those as well when i have have time to put they to the test . all in all , this be a bright light , but if you put you equipment to the test day-in and day-out , it might not be the quality you be look for .
832	Flashlight	NEG	1	i have have three maglite , which be not expose to rugged use . even though the battery and bulb be still good , they no longer operate . somehow it appear that the connection or wiring have fail !
258	Flashlight	NEG	2	these be decent light for navigate the wood in the dark , but if you do ... get two of they . they like to cut out often , require a sharp rap to get work again ... then they work just fine for a bit ... and repeat the entire scenario all over again . it be as though the contact be inferior and unable to provide a constant load to the led bulb . why do they send more of those stupid nylon sheath ? i have to have at least twenty of they now over the year , and have yet to actually find any use for any of they . on a positive note , they be plenty bright , and the battery last quite a while , if they would just always work as they should , they would be great ... but they just plain do not ... not at all dependable .
511	Flashlight	NEG	1	purchase several maglight over the past few year , every flashlight stop work or corrode , order part and replace part in the non-working light , and then they corrode . i spend too much money on a product that do not last
695	Flashlight	NEG	1	i have 4 of they . they constantly have problem . bulb be easily shatter . the proprietary bulb be expensive . the rubber protector fall of of one . if a battery leak you can just trow the flashlight away , the inside be so tight the battery get stick forever . they guarantee be basically useless as they 'll blame the battery manufacturer . the aluminum machining make get the bottom on and off difficult , easily cross thread . my one star review be because they do not deserve they reputation . it be a good flashlight but they have not do anything for year to improve all the problem . do not expect they to last longer than other quality flashlight .
869	Flashlight	NEG	1	i buy one of these several year ago and it break within a couple of month . a couple of month ago i decide to try again , within 3 week it be break , never again .
484	Flashlight	NEG	2	the quality be great and it be easy to operate . i buy a couple of these as keychain light . however , the light output even with a fresh battery really be not sufficient for my use .
419	Flashlight	NEG	1	why cheat you customer with such a high price , -lrb- nearly double -rrb- ? and then try to suggest that be be actually one-half off ? would it not make more sense to price they in accordance with the normal marketplace and point out the virtue of the camo to hunter , camper , etc ? count i out .
24	Flashlight	NEG	2	i do not know what annoy i more the fact that i pay 10.00 for the bulb , or the 10.00 shipping charge . if that be the type of vendor that sell from you sight i will think twice before use amazon again . i do not mind a person make a profit but that be not only excessive , but sneaky . not fair , i feel that i be have ! live and learn . ray
631	Flashlight	NEG	2	my mag charger flashlight be work well a month ago , but today i try it and it be dead . put it on the ac charger , as usual , but after 8 hour it be hot -lrb- the flashlight body -rrb- so i try the light -lrb- still charge -rrb- , and nothing happen . upon open the tailcap , white powder dump out , and the inside be totally corroded . thankfully it do not start a fire or explode . the flashlight be useless now . this be my second battery i have have but it leak badly . ps - i always charge it for at least 12 hour , and this battery be obtain directly from mag instrument .
809	Flashlight	NEG	1	it arrive today -- can not turn it on . pricey too for such a little thing ! refund
375	Flashlight	NEG	1	i have purchase maglight for over 30 year , but the 2 i bouhgt here recently be pure garbage . both , within a matter of day , lose the button cover , both swell up with new , expensive battery and would not work . i be qualify to state this because i have a radio amatuer , extra class , ke5ldo , for many year , and this have never happen before even in the hot sun ! because they be inside a air condition room i would not expect either problem to happen . i save the bulb , end cap , and the hood in case i be ever givien one . i will not be buy they again !
950	Flashlight	NEG	1	when it be first introduce the maglight be top of the line . now the maglight be year behind current lead flashlight technology . the light be well make , but the adjustable beam be very poor in quality . look for a flashlight with a textured reflector or a lead for a much better beam . princeton tec and streamlight make much better function light for the money .
616	Flashlight	NEG	2	i buy this really want to like it , because i have a big set of 18v tool and a collection of battery , and several of the other light that i be happy with . but , it do not really `` carry '' comfortably , to carry it while walk around outside -lrb- i to live in a rural area will no street light -rrb- you have either get to hold it out in front of you -lrb- which be kinda tire on the arm -rrb- or twist the light around to shine straight `` up '' so that it can be hold as a normal flashlight , but then the battery hang off the back keep it way off balance . so , the ergonomics be not great , i would be willing to work around they if the bulb do not blow out at the smallest tumble . and , then they want over $ 9 for a pair -lrb- amazon.com pricing , good luck find they in the store -rrb- . i really wish they make a decent led light to use the 18v battery . i be not go to start buy dewalt tool that use a different battery any time soon , if ever .
301	Flashlight	NEG	1	overall it be a nice light . it be bright . it be durable . i have own a couple and they never break on i . but it be absolutely inexcusable that there be not a way to lock it on and off . i have never carry one that do not end up get accidentally turn on while in the factory provide sheath . simply put , it be not there when i need it and a simple little button would have fix it and make it perfect .
213	Flashlight	NEG	2	i still do not understand how maglite can make such great flashlight , and yet make a horrible single cell key chain flashlight . i have use maglite product for year . they be incredible sturdy , and yet beautiful to behold ! i have try to tell they , but they do not seem to listen , or care . i keep buy they , think they 'll get better , but they do not . like other have say , they be not very bright and they use power rapidly . and they flicker . i really do want a small flashlight for door lock and the like , but this definitely not it . do better , maglite !
639	Flashlight	NEG	1	these light be old technology , and run inefficientyly . there be light out there 1\/4th the size and throw out 50 time more light .
896	Flashlight	NEG	1	i buy three set of these . broke one side of one clip pull out the flashlight two day after install they in my jeep . i have two more set so i change out the broken one . same deal when i pull out the flashlight and break the other of the first set two week later , and replace it . consider the price i just chalk it up to poor manufacture . yesterday i pull the flashlight out and break the side off of another one . i will remove these clip from my jeep and look for something more dependable . i want to mount a light in my jeep , rv , and my truck , but these clip be way too brittle to be dependable . i have one brand new set still in the packaging but i will not be mount they anywhere . i expect a lot out of my tool and maglite make a very high quality , dependable flashlight . i be disappoint to see this quality do not extend to this product . the plastic be too brittle for this use .
2	Flashlight	NEG	1	i buy this flashlight after see all the advertising for maglite . what a disappointment ! it be small and put out maybe 20 lumen of light , if that . the lumen be so low that maglite never even list the lumen on any of its product , unlike its competitor . this thing might make a decent booklight but that be not what i buy it for . for the same price at this over-hyped , underperformer i could get a flashlight 5x as powerful !
