index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
650	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this keyboard . it be a very basic keyboard . not too fancy or anything , but it look great . i also love the blue light under the key . it make typing a lot easier in the dark . i also like how only the letter and stuff be only light up and not the whole key .
736	Keyboard	POS	4	like the other kind of condom you feel smart use it but the other feeling be not as nice . unlike like the other kind of condom it can not be discern that it be be worn visually .
30	Keyboard	POS	5	this be my third mk320 wireless 2.4 ghz keyboard\/mouse combo system -lrb- on ' 2 ' separate ` desktop ' computer system and ' 1 ' laptop computer -rrb- and i remain very impressed with its performance . please take note : i have have no difficulty use the mk320 on ` desktop ' system but keep this in mind -- on ` desktop ' system and especially if you have other usb device already present , it can take -lrb- at least initially -rrb- up to a full minute for windows to set the thing up because windows will internally search for a pathway for the usb ` receiver ' that you plug into a available usb port so as not to conflict with other usb device . once windows do that , it become almost instantaneous . i mention this because some folk have report -lrb- on amazon and other forum -rrb- that the mk320 will not work on desktop system but it most decidedly ` do ' work on desktop system but that first connection may , as i say , and you happen to have various usb plug-in , or quite possibly even if you do not , take up to a minute as windows set it up internally and after that it be smooth sailing , as they say . i also like the idea that the mk320 system go into a sort of sleep mode if you forget to shut the device off and this handy electronic circuit within the keyboard and mouse save the battery ! in fact , i do not even bother to shut the device off and that ` sleep ' mode with any protracted non-use keep the battery -lrb- \*\* 2 aaa 's for the keyboard and 1 aa for the mouse -rrb- fresh . in effect , it sens system non usage and essentially shut itself down . it be quick too in term of the mouse when use same , no lag time like older ` wireless ' system use to do and here i credit the 2.4 ghz technology for the better no-lag response speed . and best of all , it require no pesky driver ! the only requirement be that you have windows xp or higher -lrb- vista or windows 7 -rrb- . so too , that chart describe the mk320 as compare to the higher price logitech system be in error as the mk320 system ` do ' have a on\/off switch on both the mouse and the keyboard and , on the mouse , a battery life indicator although the keyboard do not have a battery life indicator . the keyboard have those two user set plastic tab for keyboard ` slant ' adjustment and i find this most helpful or , conversely , you can keep the two ` slant ' tab flat and hence have the keyboard lay perfectly flat . you call . i especially like the fact that the small usb plug-in receiver control ` both ' device -lrb- mouse and keyboard -rrb- and set the thing up be quite simple . one tip and to avoid a windows message that it can not find a keyboard or mouse , start you system as you normally do with the old wire keyboard and wire mouse as usual , then , when windows start , plug in the usb receiver for the mk320 , ` wait ' until windows find the non conflicting pathway -lrb- which could take up to a minute depend on you system and what it have in its ` innards ' ! -rrb- , and when both mk320 device start to function , simply pull the cord of the wire original mouse and keyboard and the mk320 ` combo ' will take over . battery be include with the mk320 but make sure that those shipment `` pull here '' paper tab -lrb- to activate the already in place battery -rrb- be ` fully ' remove because if only part of it come out in you hand , a small piece of the paper tab may be block the battery contact but that you can not see under the battery cover . check that ! finally this , if you have more than one of these wireless system of the same manufacture , viz. , the logitech mk320 , if other system which use the identical mk320 be too close then obviously mouse or keyboard usage can ` extend ' to the other system because , hey , it be a wireless system ! check the distance between machine if you use the identical wireless system for more than one computer system to avoid wireless overlap . doc tony
576	Keyboard	POS	5	purchase this keyboard to replace another ergonomic keyboard that be not work . seem well make and the key action feel solid and consistent . extra key be useful now that i have figure out what they all do . wrist pad be comfortable . works with the match logitech mouse on a single wireless usb port which save port . can not tell yet how durable it will be ; but it feel solid . well satisfy with this purchase .
922	Keyboard	POS	5	this be ship from hongkong . free shipping with less than 1 dollar . it be very nice . just protect the key bord from food . mine protector have a dot that i try to get rid of , but i break it . it be fine . the switch button of air be mark as other sign , but no harm . cheap and fit well !
943	Keyboard	POS	4	still love the layout of this keyboard . i can not stand typing on a standard keyboard for over a few hour , and this one seem to fit i best ergonomically . it be a little pricey for be so loud -lrb- clickity click click -rrb- , but still my favorite solution .
881	Keyboard	POS	5	this be better then i expect it to be , i love it and would buy other product under the same brand . im always typing in the dark to not wake my kid with the light . perfect .
0	Keyboard	POS	4	it be a very good keyboard , very full of feature , just be sure to buy the bluetooth version ... and try to use some other bluetooth adapter to the computer ... it be not really a big deal , but when the keyboard crash -lrb- which be kinda part of the regular use -rrb- you just have to turn it off and then turn it on again ... be that simple -lrb- : you must have large hand if you want to use this keyboard as you smartphone keyboard , but it be still ok for i . the reason why i give only 4 star be because the lack of cell in the battery , do not last enough i might say ... the light in this keyboard be truly awesome !!!! you will be able to see all the key perfectly , no matter what ... -lrb- : overall i strongly recomend the keyboard .
847	Keyboard	POS	5	first , i agree completely with all the positive review , especially the two extensive , detailed review on the main page -- bravo to the writer . i have be use logitech product almost exclusively since the company make its first mouse . at present , i have five mouse , three keyboard and a webcam . the only real dud be a scanner , but no one 's perfect . in general , logitech product be superior to they competitor , especially microsoft 's . my new k350 replace a less-than-two year old m keyboard which be prone to key not work when they feel like it and have the keyboard handle equivalent of a mack truck . the k350 be a delight right out of the box , for all the reason give by the other reviewer . i do have two cavil : 1-i like a keyboard with a scroll-wheel on the left side of the deck so i can use both mouse and keyboard interchangeably . grant , no one make they anymore -- i have two make by m and one by logitech . i buy the k350 because the user 's quide be vague about reprogram the zoom key - it even fool the salesman , who also check the logitech website . it take e-mail and call to logitech to find out it be not possible . -lrb- at least , logitech do provide extensive customer support , without charge . try to get help from the `` other big guy . '' -rrb- the keyboard would be enhance by make the zoom key programmable like all those other key and the users guide more information-oriented and less-pr . 2-i have have recent durability issue with some of the mouse -- my mx revolution fail and be replace three time , all under logitech 's excellent warranty . logitech need to look at the reliability of they chinese fabricator to make a product that be as excellent in durability as it be in design concept . i would like to believe that this keyboard be not go to need replace in the near-future . all that say , i still prefer logitech product and would recommend they with almost no hesitation . alas , ten month after purchase , the keyboard start throw off anomalous key-stroke and refusal to register key-stroke . it take several call to logitech , where i be tell to remove the battery and punch some key several time . this be a temporary fix -- and how many time should a person have to stop productive work to play with he keyboard ? finally , logitech recognize -- whatever it be they recognize -- and replace the keyboard under warranty .
596	Keyboard	POS	5	third cordless i buy ... 3 time a charm , this keyboard rock !!! the only thing miss be voice recognition ! mouse be very comfortable and have several setup option . if you be look for a great cordless interface , this be the one to get ! great reception from any room and access to my music at the touch of a button , can not ask for more then this product give you !!!
988	Keyboard	POS	4	the fit and function be great . the f-key special function icon be miss or a mismatch from the oem keyboard , but if you remember what the key do it be no big deal . the keyboard be build on a aluminium plate and be actually a little bent . not a big deal because it straighten out when you install it . i would buy it again .
374	Keyboard	POS	4	ho can you lose here ? it add a bit of clunk to typing and if you type for a living at 90 word a minute . . well save you $ 2.78 . . if , like i , you sneeze , and accidently spill thing once in a while . . its great insurance . try it . . -lrb- update -rrb- a few time i have look down at my keyboard cover and find `` dry foreign stain material '' . thank goodness i have the cover ! clean up with dish soap . it do kill the back-lighting for the keyboard . i just pull it off when work in the dark . if you want to use it in a professional situation involve a darkened room , forget about it . well . . again we be talk $ 3 here ...
616	Keyboard	POS	5	as a student , eat and be by my computer can be pretty dangerous , but the keyboard skin have already save my computer from minor drink spill . love it . especially with nail , it be easier to type .
5	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this keyboard\/mouse combo because i need a way to play my computer game that be display via hdmus to my big screen tv . this combo have a huge reach and i have never have a issue with the signal be drop or laggy . i buy these somewhere around 5 month ago and the original battery be still display as full with pretty heavy daily use . never see a mouse like this one , do not have the typical red laser eye for tracking , have no light at all actually , but it literately work on anything include my jeans . logitech do it again , i be weary of spend this kind of cash on a keyboard and mouse , but i be very happy i do .
179	Keyboard	POS	5	i be use this cover as i write this and it be a great little addition to my macbook . i be constantly have to vac my key . this keep hair , crumb , whatever from get into it . if you spill coffee onto the keyboard it might give you a few seconds to grab you mac shake it off and maybe save you 1k . arrive flat , so no curl issue and it be fast shipping . soft , comfortable and i do not find it too bulky and it fit the macbook , late 2010 model very well . i would buy this again and have think about get a extra , but it be actually pretty tough . i have have this about a month or so , and it be a keeper .
661	Keyboard	POS	5	it be light and easy to use . perfect for someone with a heavy laptop who like to sit on the couch and work . highly recommend . just remember that if the keyboard start misfire , it most likely means that it be time to change the battery .
876	Keyboard	POS	5	because i buy a store model desktop for the family , the store throw in this keyboard for free . i be a little hesitant at first because i be not sure if i could get use to the whole `` curved '' keyboard thing . after use it for about a month , i just could not go back to the regular keyboard on my laptop 's docking station . my hand feel so comfortable and relax use this keyboard , it do not even feel like i be typing ! in all honesty , it only take i a couple of hour to get use to the curved shape of the keyboard . all of these key be virtually silent -lrb- except the space bar , it be noticeably louder than the rest of the key -rrb- . because i use excel , i be always use the number pad . if you also use excel quite frequently , you 'll appreciate the extra row of key over the number pad -lrb- have a = , -lrb- , -rrb- , and backspace -rrb- . overall , i have be use this keyboard for about a month of consistent use . i be extremely happy that i buy this keyboard and i think it 'll last i for quite some time . whereas i use to hate have to use those `` funky '' ergonomic keyboard , i now dread use regular keyboard . kudos to microsoft for make a awesome keyboard .
481	Keyboard	POS	5	great keyboard and mouse . the keyboard look and feel great . solid and well build , but not heavy . the mouse be the best i have ever own . no connectivity issue for i . this set be a little expensive but i recommend it to anyone .
23	Keyboard	POS	5	i have try many , many accessory for the ipad hope to find something compact that offer protection and a bluetooth keyboard . the apple keyboard dock and the apple bluetooth keyboard be both excellent product , but i could never find a convenient way to carry they . then come the bevy of portfolio - all mostly the same but sell under different brand name and different price . they all have a built-in bluetooth keyboard , but who can live without a right-shift key . i find myself return to the hunt and peck system while use these keyboard . i teach myself to type , so i certainly do not want to go back to the two-finger method . then i discover the zaggmate - a aluminum case to protect the face of the ipad and a buetooth keyboard with a full set of key . it also have some special key to add to the convience of use a ipad . mine arrive today . now i be kick myself for not discover this outstanding product sooner . setup be a snap . the keyboard be of course smaller than a regular keyboard - kinda like a netbook - but it be not a difficult transition . glad to see heavy hitter logitech team up with zagg on a similar case and keyboard for the ipad 2 . the quality of my zaggmate be excellent and the key be responsive . the instruction illustrate a tiny bluetooth button . i be reluctant to poke at this tiny depression above the bluetooth symbol but nothing happen until i do . i manage to work a corner of a fingernail into the hole and voilum - i be able to establish a connection with the ipad . hurray for zagg !
577	Keyboard	POS	5	i have search high and low over the year for a keyboard to duplicate the typing bliss i find back in the day with my ibm model m keyboard . the das professional , i have to say , far surpass the old ibm , in my opinion . my son find a ibm model m keyboard for i the other day and i be as excite as one could be . i use it for for a week wait for the das to arrive in the mail . as soon as i type on the das , my love affair with the ibm model m be history , i be sorry to say . i type a lot in my job . the das keyboard have the wonderful clicky sound and the amazing feel that you get from typing on a mechanical keyboard but without the strain on my finger and hand that i start to notice with the ibm keyboard . i realize after use the das that i have to push down a little harder on the key with the ibm than i like . not so with the das . i be in typing heaven !
297	Keyboard	POS	5	super cute color , match my room ! super easy to put on and seem to be very durable . great product for any mac user ! its great : -rrb- get one in pink too !
630	Keyboard	POS	4	for the low price that it be at , it do a great job . if you be look to match this with a tiffany blue case , it be not the same color . i have a tiffany blue case and i purchase this at the same time , it be much more teal . however once it be on the keyboard , they look very similar !
366	Keyboard	POS	4	i like this wireless keyboard and mouse , so far i have not have any problem with they . they keyboard be light and thin , which be very convenient . i never have any problem with driver or anything . the only small inconvenience be the home , end and delete key layout be different from what i be use to .
497	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase this skin in both blue and green to replace a red one i buy last year . the new one actually fit my 2-year old macbook pro unibody better than the original ! it do the job , and the color be nice . more subdue blue when i do not have my key light . the fit be great , and there be a definite lack of dirt and other nastiness get underneath . the only potential drawback be a buildup on the cover that can get on the screen . keep this clean and be aware of the need to change it out when it get grimy be a must . however , it be so affordable , no biggie to get a new one when need .
362	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this keyboard about 9 month ago and it be still take the beating from my six employee . i would definetely recommend this product
161	Keyboard	POS	4	totally sweet . awesome range for not be bluetooth . would be perfect if it have a backlight , clickable mouse wheel and a scroll wheel . as it be , its still awesome . get lotsa compliment . work with vista . the shortcut work with itune . you get use to the mouse key location fairly quick . the page up and page down button on the left side help navigate page quicker .
931	Keyboard	POS	5	i have have this product for about 3 month now to replace a mcally bluetooth keyword . i be get annoyed at how long it take my previous bluetooth keyboard to connect to my imac when it turn on or when it wake from sleep . i need a keyboard with a numeric pad but do not want sacrifice the wireless aspect . this keyboard connect wirelessly via usb to the direct connection be strong and consistent . i have not see a affect on battery life because my desk lamp keep it charge , which i think be one of the best selling point of this keyboard . aesthetically , it be sexy and compliment my imac . so far so good and cant complain about it .
723	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this wireless keyboard with mouse for my computer desk that have a built-in keyboard tray . i originally have a logitech wireless usb keyboard but it be too wide and take up too much space . this verbatim wireless fit perfectly and i like the keyboard feel . so far so good , i have not encounter any issue . i would definitely recommend this to anyone look for a small compact wireless keyboard without the 10-key attachment .
977	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a wonderful keyboard for the money . i can type much faster on the ipad than use the touch screen . it take time to adjust to the key since return be a bit off from a regular keyboard .
504	Keyboard	POS	5	i order this product since it be only about 3 dollar , and have free shipping . . much better than some other site that want 30 dollar for the same product . the color be a bit off from the picture , but i like it so much better !! it be a very pretty pink , and go well with the cover i have on my laptop . it fit great , but i have a 15 '' macbook pro , not a 13 '' . . so , maybe there be a bit more room for the product . i would definitely recommend get this product !! : d
775	Keyboard	POS	4	for what it cost -lrb- and from logitech -rrb- , this keyboard be awesome . i just switch over from use wire keyboard all my life , and i be fairly impress by this thing - it be size , it be weight , the freedom of movement it afford . the one and only complaint i have be that sometimes the radio connection seem to lag - i type in word , and they do not show up on the screen until several seconds later . this be rare , but it pop up here and there . you might want to give this second thought if you be into real-time online gaming .
724	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this keyboard for use with my dell axim x5 pocket pc and i be very pleased so far ! i try a similar product from belkin and it do not work at all ! within 2 minute of open the box , this keyboard be set up and ready to go . in fact , i be typing this review on it now ! the only drawback be that some of the key be smaller than they would be on a standard keyboard , but if this be not the case , it would not be nearly as portable . i think i will get use to this anyway . overall , this be a cheap and convenient solution for anyway who want to be able to type anything of any length on the road and get tired of use the graffitus system .
223	Keyboard	POS	5	i be a writer and i be so glad i find this keyboard ! the keyboard have a slight ergonomic wave to it that i adjust to without even notice the difference . the hand rest be firm , yet comfortable and build into the keyboard . and can i just say that this keyboard be totally pimp out ! there be so many different programmable function key that i have not even use they all yet . a few of my favorite : i love that there be a button with a camera on it and i can program it to open up my picture with one click . there be also a button with music note . with a push of that button , my itunes open up ready to go . use the fn key plus any of the f key number from 1-12 will open up a different feature . for example , i program the `` w '' for the word program on the f1 key to open up my current work in progress . the f2 key have a x for excel and it be program to open up my spreadsheet so that i can track my word count progress for my current wip . i love typing on this keyboard . the button have just enough give , be not too `` clicky '' and i feel like i can type even faster than before . the mouse be great . it be the first time , i have have a mouse with the forward and back button for web-surfing on the side -- soooo handy ! if you have be wishy-washy in the past about update you keyboard and mouse , i would suggest take the plunge and get the logitech wireless wave mk 550 keyboard and mouse combo . i think you 'll love it .
567	Keyboard	POS	4	if you spend a lot of time in front of a computer , you should invest the money to get the right keyboard for you usage . lenovo 's ultranav keyboard rate somewhere between three-and-a-half star and four star for those who risk carpel tunnel syndrome from overuse of computer mouse , e.g. , in corporate financial analyst circle . the ultranav keyboard mitigate problem cause from overuse of computer mouse by incorporate trackpoint and touchpad point device on the keyboard itself . compare to the grip that be require to actively control a mouse , the trackpoint require pressure from only one finger ; while the touchpad can be control by a light touch . as other reviewer indicate , lenovo 's ultranav keyboard be lightweight , and of a solid build quality . i find the ultranav 's trackpoint to be perfectly configure out-of-box . other trackpoint device -lrb- i have use dell and hp compaq corporate laptop -rrb- feel `` loose '' by comparison . the ultranav 's touchpad support virtual click -- which simulate mouse click by quickly tap on the touchpad ; and virtual scrolling -- which enable quick scroll down or across a window by slide one 's finger down the right side of the touchpad , or across the bottom of the touchpad , respectively . the touchpad 's driver software enable both feature to be tailor to preference , and come with a practice `` game '' to help ensure that one 's preference be just right . the ultranav trackpoint come with a third button -lrb- in addition to the standard left - and right-click button -rrb- that can act either as a scroll lock or a magnifying glass . both the touchpad and trackpoint may be adjust for left-handed use . both be also simultaneously active , but one or both may be deactivate or set to use a subset of they feature . i keep both enable ; i use the touchpad to move around broadly , and the trackpoint to move around and select item more precisely . with lenovo 's ultranav keyboard , a mouse be no longer need . the downside to the ultranav keyboard generally revolve around its lineage as a thinkpad laptop keyboard . like most other laptop keyboard , the ultranav keyboard have tiny function key , and tiny insert , delete , home , end , pageup and pagedown key . several keyboard function -- include the three volume button , the fn key , and the blue mechanic -lrb- thinkvantage -rrb- key -- may be render useless for those who do not pair they ultranav keyboard with a lenovo computer . lenovo should have be smart enough to include software to help such user remap all of those non-functional key to do something more useful . this keyboard also lack windows key -lrb- the windows key and right-click key -rrb- , and instead have -lrb- previous page -rrb- and -lrb- next page -rrb- key . i be not convince of the utility of the latter , because it be just as easy to press   and   to move backwards and forwards in a web browser . the ultranav keyboard also include two usb 1.1 port ; which be less useful today than when this product be introduce , since many usb device these day can take advantage of higher usb 2 speed . remember to install the ultranav driver - before - plug in the keyboard into you computer for the first time . windows vista 64-bit user should consider use the latest generic driver from synaptic because lenovo 's vista 64-bit driver do not support virtual scroll for the touchpad . both the synaptics and lenovo driver however , do not support the magnifying glass action for the trackpoint 's third-button . lenovo 's ultranav keyboard merit serious consideration from those seek a solid alternative to computer mouse , and can sacrifice a bit of keyboard functionality . hopefully the next version of this keyboard will incorporate with windows key -lrb- since they be make available in the thinkpad 60 series keyboard -rrb- , usb2 port , and maybe multi-touch support for the touchpad .
675	Keyboard	POS	5	this simply the best key board i have purchase . and have red , blue and purple color be nice also .
305	Keyboard	POS	4	i basically like this little keyboard because of its portability , price , and feel . it be small enough to fit in my pocket and very cool to use . you have to remember to fold down the small bracket in front of the keyboard . the key have a nice feel to they . my only criticism be that it be not quite a full size keyboard . though the key be full size themselves , the spacing between the key be not quite like a full size keyboard . however for my purpose , light typing , a short report , or a letter , it be fine . i hotsync my document to my computer , save , and print they out with `` document to go , '' and there you be . a addendum : you have to make sure you hand have the proper support and the proper angle when typing or else you 'll wind up with tingling hand and possible pain . you have to take break , stretch you hand , type for a short while , etc. .
36	Keyboard	POS	4	fine keyboard its just that the letter fade and need a new one the old one but it still work and will use on another computer and add the fade letter back later .
762	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard work excellent all around , the only thing you should be aware of be that some of the non word key be closer to the word than normal keyboard be
48	Keyboard	POS	4	i own a dell 15 '' and this fit pretty well over the keyboard . it be not exact as it be mean for a mac so i do not expect that . the only thing i be not happy with be that the seller tri-fold the silicone and that leave two fold mark in the keyboard cover . it seem that be would be easy to keep it full size with cardboard on each side so it be keep without the fold mark . still it be pretty !
749	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be simply amazing . key be soft , touchpad be really functional , it be very easy to install and it be a beautiful piece of a home theater . support from logitech be also awesome . i have problem with the keyboard in brazil and the support work really great .
767	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard be easy to use and it can be use from a long distance . the problem be that some time it loose the signal . the battery life be realy good and fast to charge again !!
455	Keyboard	POS	5	everything about this keyboard and mouse combination be great . it be really easy to install . all i have to do be take out the plastic that activate the battery and plug in the usb and it install itself . within a minute it be work and i be go . reception be great . the sleep function on it work great . it be impossible to detect that the keyboard and\/or mouse be sleep prior to begin to use it . the laser mouse be very accurate and the build in palm rest be convenient and comfortable . also , the keyboard be power by two double a battery and the mouse by one aa battery . these be just normal one not expensive one , so potential buyer should be happy that $ 2 battery will power you purchase for another year or two . i would definitely buy this again -lrb- for other computer -rrb- .
898	Keyboard	POS	4	this be very useful for when you have something long to type , and the ipad keyboard be too cumbersome to use . it take a few minute to get the hang of it , but it be actually quite clever , the way it be design to fold up . it pair easily and quickly with my ipad via bluetooth . if i could change one thing , i would have it allow for a shield\/protector to remain on the ipad when it be place in the holder . one thing i be concerned about be that it be quite flimsy , and i feel afraid that it be go to break very easily . also , i wonder how easy it will be to replace the battery -lrb- and how long it will last -rrb- . all in all though , i would definitely recommend it . it do not add all that much weight , and it be good for travel . this will definitely come with i on my next trip , because while the ipad keyboard be fine while i be on the train , once in the comfort of my hotel room , i like have the option to type normally ... without have to lug my laptop with i . i be very happy to have it .
492	Keyboard	POS	5	i do not like the transparent keyboard cover so i be happy to find this one , with the key print on it . it say it be just for the aluminum macbook , but i have a new white macbook unibody , and the keyboard look similar enough . i be a little nervous that it would not fit , but happily , it fit very well ! it do not slide around when i type , and it fit over the key very nicely . my only concern be that the key that be print on the cover might rub off after a while . it seem fine so far , and it be not expensive so i could buy another one if i need to . also , i do have to type a little harder than i do before -lrb- but that apply to every cover -rrb- . and it be just something i have to get use to . overall very happy with purchase .
256	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be durable and work just like a regular keyboard . but it be not wide , only 11.25 inch wide . so , i can fit my keyboard and mouse on my short keyboard tray .
569	Keyboard	POS	5	this product make my palm top as easy to use as a mini laptop . paired with software that synce with my desktop word processor , i be able to easily take note at meeting -lrb- have a almost full size keyboard -rrb- and able to modify calendar entry etc with ease . prior to have the keyboard , i would usually take paper note with the hope i would remember to put they on my desktop when i be home and later sync with the palm . it make the palm much more useful . well worth the price
837	Keyboard	POS	5	nice product , quality perfect fit color be perfect good price the bluetooth keyboard just work perfect i will buy again tank you
580	Keyboard	POS	5	i have try several simple plug adaptor prior to this and nothing work . my new laptop just would not recognize my favorite ps2 keyboard . be about to give up and buy another keyboard when i find this online and decide to give it a try . works flawlessly . plug and play . awesome .
830	Keyboard	POS	4	after check out the web site try to find out when this product would be available , it arrive ! what a cool look product ! it come in a neoprene case and have a metal look to it .  what i like the most about the product be input address and email . if i would of have this product when i first buy the old palm pilot year ago , i would of save hour .  the only downside i see to the product be that it be not a `` durable '' keyboard . you have to have it on a flat , hard surface to use -lrb- not on you lap -rrb- . the w-fold do not lock once it be open , so make sure you keep it on a desk when you be use it and do not just pick it up with one hand like you can with you pc keyboard .  if you type memo , email or travel with you palm , buy this product !
987	Keyboard	POS	5	buy a new macbook for my daughter go off to college . assume there be go to be a lot of wear and tear so wanted to protect it as much as possible . could not be happier . the installation be a breeze . about 8 seconds to figure out which way to align the bottom , then snap into place . the top be equally as easy . about 5 seconds to snap in place . receive it within 2 day . amazon never fail to please i !
817	Keyboard	POS	5	just get this for my new build and will never be go back to anything else . key be great and macro work awesome . great for any type of gaming or just typing a midterm paper
518	Keyboard	POS	4	i really like my keyboard protector that i order . the color be amazing and it feel cool to type on . also , if you be prone to spilling crumb near you computer or anything that could be potentially harmful to you keyboard , i would highly recommend get a keyboard cover . it keep you keyboard protect and you keyboard do not get all dusty . it be very easy to put on and take off . the color of my keyboard protector match my case\/shell . love it !!
546	Keyboard	POS	5	i turn my old laptop into a `` media pc '' connect to my tv . i purchase this keyboard because the review mention it be a great option for laptop specifically , and i could not agree more . mouse responsiveness be spot on without noticeable lag , key just as fast . have be use for a month or so ; will have to see how battery in keyboard and mouse hold up
220	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this as a replacement for a old -lrb- but good , i think -rrb- gateway keyboard . this be the best keyboard i have use in my 30 year of use computer . well build and for i it be the rolls royce of keyboard . the fact that it be a smaller layout work fine for i . i have average size hand that fit very nicely on the soft touch key . plus it be a classy look piece
419	Keyboard	POS	4	easy to install . easy to use . i have not have any issue . if you be look for a ergonomic keyboard this be a good choice .
753	Keyboard	POS	5	really work great write this now with this mini keyboard . i connect my laptop to my hd tv and can operate this from my bed without any problem , easy to setup in win 7 , fit in my hand so light . use it to write , as a mouse and be a joystick for my angry bird . shipment be really fast and well pack . i recommend this product and this seller .
296	Keyboard	POS	5	i wish i have think of this . the silicon protect from dust , cat hair , and liquid , and it even make the clicking of my key quieter . what more could i want ?
189	Keyboard	POS	5	i have have this product now for a month , i use it daily , and despite issue with repeat key that i have read in the review , it almost never happen to i . the first thing i do when i receive it be test it out , start typing alot of random stuff and one time i have it repeat backspace stroke over and over again , but since have not have it happen to i . occasionally i do have repeat letter , but they be easy to remove , and honestly it happen so infrequently i forget that its even bluetooth . i dont even think its a issue of the keyboard itself , probably more just a communication issue with the device , i use a hp touchpad and most of the time , i have the keyboard sit right in front of the touchpad so that may be the reason of my extremely infrequent repeat keystroke . great device , no complaint .
464	Keyboard	POS	4	own for 2 week now . pro : - no need to change battery . the office lighting in my home office be sufficient to charge the keyboard . open the window and there a over abundance of light to keep this keyboard top off . - the vast majority of key be comfortable . the button depth be pretty shallow , but a little deeper than the apple aluminum keyboard . the key rebind well , and there no difficulty typing with this keyboard . - no config necessary to get the keyboard to work with os x. all the key map correctly on they own . - very flat keyboard . easy on the wrist . - on\/off switch on top , easy to access . - software to monitor battery be easy to use , and simple . con : - no cap lock light . seriously ? - ctrl\/opt\/cmd - space - cmd\/opt\/ctrl be all very convex . very convex . its a wee bit uncomfortable in my opinion . the f key be also convex , but less . summary : overall good keyboard . very good addition to my setup and paired well to the anywhere mx mouse dongle .
738	Keyboard	POS	4	i buy this keyboard for use with a new raspberry pi . unfortunately , it cause problem with the r-pi and force you to unplug the keyboard and plug it back in again after about 50 keystroke . otherwise , its a nice keyboard for the price . works fine on my mac . some of the key be a bit small and it will take some get use to .
654	Keyboard	POS	5	awesome combo . easy to use , nice mouse , only thing be the wheel do not go left\/right , which be a feature i would like to have . the keyboard be awesome , look sharp , soft key , cool shortcut key - without be overload with button . and it look effin sharp ! i be pretty surprised , very sleek , simple design . with rubber pad on the bottom to prevent slide - i have it on my coffee table and it stay put . simplest plug and play you can imagine , usb dongle be tiny . feel pretty durable too . but i pay $ 24.99 for this at staples on sale during xma - at that price it be totally unbeatable . i would take 1\/2 star off for the mouse wheel only be one-directional , but i 'll round up .
997	Keyboard	POS	4	works pretty good . my only complaint be they do not send the color i order but for the price they be pretty good .
682	Keyboard	POS	4	after search for the right keyboard , i finally find it . i be always bring work home and need a backlit keyboard . the eclipse be perfect for typing in the dark without disturbing other member of my family who be interested in watch the television in the same room . i have have no issue with the keyboard .
97	Keyboard	POS	5	this converter work great but with caveat . specifically , if older -lrb- 1994 and older -rrb- mouse driver be use the mouse input will be erratic and after a few minute to several hour of inactivity , the usb port on the computer will think nothing be connect and shut down . to reactivate , the usb plug must be remove and reinsert . the solution be to update the mouse driver to current , proper driver that be usb aware . i use these adaptor on kvm for computer that run continuously . before update the mouse driver , the mouse movement be erratic . since update the mouse driver the converter have perform flawlessly .
722	Keyboard	POS	4	well in general , work great i have use it in lotr online , diablo iii , minecraft , the one and only problem i have be that my spacebar look like it be only light from one side , so the etched bar that run across the space bar run from bright red on the right side to very dim red on the left , also the evenne of the lighting through various key be off , in particular with the back light on high my b , v , a , z , and right ctrl key look brighter than the rest . it be a little annoying but only noticeable in the dark .
672	Keyboard	POS	4	this keyboard be pretty cool for how cheap it be , but whenever i start typing fast , it seem to miss the first letter . as per the review that say it go to sleep after about ten seconds of innactivity , this be only true if you be use a mobile device like a ipad or cell phone . first of all , it be not ten seconds , it be more like twenty , and in my experience , if someone be use it that infrequently , they may as well be use the on-screen keyboard . this problem do not affect people use it with a computer .
906	Keyboard	POS	5	the best thing since windows 7 !! the logitech wireless backlit keyboard be a snap to install in about 20 minute and have perform flawlessly . the key be comfortable and have a nice tactile feedback ; the backlighting -lrb- 3 brightness and ` off ' -rrb- dim when not be use and come on when you hand approach . when the ` battery condition ' indicator drop to 1 -lrb- of 3 -rrb- bar , just plug in the usb cord and keep on work . with no cord , i can sit back in my chair , put my foot up and browse away . i have use it from as far away as 10 foot . the keyboard , along with logitech 's wireless mouse -lrb- also from amazon.com -rrb- have clear my desk of all those extraneous wire , leave room for more important clutter !
930	Keyboard	POS	5	i receive this today in the mail and start use it as soon as i open the box . it require 2 aaa batteries so if you do not want to be replace the battery every so often i would recommend buy some rechargeable one . now for the main review ... \* the keybaord be very slim and it have a nice look to it . it really do look like a original apple keyboard except the material be different . \* if you dont use it for a certain amount of time the keyboard automatically stop work with the device until you press a button on the keyboard . this be very convincent in order to save battery life . \* it have numerous button the control feature such as the brightness of the screen of the device and the volume of the device . this be also very convinient instead of go into you setting to change something like that . \* i be a pretty fast typer and there be no lag what so ever on this keyboard . i have have other keyboard before in which i experience lag , but not in this one . overall this be a really great keyboard that i recommend for all of you that want to type faster than use you touch keyboard . i rate this product 5 star out of 5 star ! no bad thing about it what so ever ! i hope this review help you out !
441	Keyboard	POS	5	everyone be always jealous of my pink keyboard . it be so easy to peel off and wash and it keep i from go crazy when i have get something stick in-between a key . so simple yet chic .
323	Keyboard	POS	5	i love my mac book and i treat it well . this help keep my keypad clean and it add a fun color pop as well . i like it so much i end up get another color ... for fun !
502	Keyboard	POS	4	so this keyboard protector be just as good as the marware protector that be sell at the retail apple store . i will say that because the key be paint blue -lrb- powder blue to be exact -rrb- , you can see that some key be not situate on the keyboard . this could be due to the fact that i just receive this product a couple hour ago . when receive , it be fold in half thus cause the middle portion of the keyboard to be slightly raise . all in all , i forsee this protector `` set in '' and be perfect . i would definitely recommend this to anyone look to protect they keyboard . for reference , i be use this product on a apple wireless aluminum keyboard .
594	Keyboard	POS	5	pretty pink ! love it . fit the keyboard . but i can not see if the cap lock light be on or off . and the touching feeling be worse than nothing on keyboard .
826	Keyboard	POS	4	logitech make awesome keyboard and mouse . logitech make a mouse -lrb- v220 -rrb- that last i 3 year and have great support service . good stuff . this mk550 combo be no exception . very ergonomic . the keyboard and mouse be both programmable . something to point out : 1 . the keypad have a wavy contour make for ergonomic purpose . some may not like it . personally , i do not mind it . 2 . the padding on keyboard provide the wrist a comfortable rest while typing . 3 . the mouse work great and all , but it be not glossy as i anticipate to be . the surface be somewhat rough and unfinished . my brother have the same model mouse -lrb- m510 -rrb- , but he be glossy . so i do not know if amazon or logitech cheap out or what , but that be my only complaint .
986	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be a excellent replacement for a aging logitech keyboard i have i would definitely buy again , but probably will not need to because from my experience logitech product be build to last . pro - very sleek design , quick media key , volume etc. . con - none
257	Keyboard	POS	4	universal silicone keyboard protector skin for laptops notebooks 15 to 17.3 inch  i give it 4 star because it really do do what it say but be ready to stare at key to find the right one ...
261	Keyboard	POS	5	pro : click , clack , ooh . nuff said . type on the keyboard will make you hand happy con : very expensive usb hub placement be peculiar icky piano key black finish this keyboard be provide to i free of charge for the sole purpose of deliver a in-depth and honest review . overall this be hands-down the best keyboard i have ever type on . sure there be better option for gamer out there . but for those of you who spend just as much time typing as i do during a day -- do yourself a favor and pick one of these professional s keyboard up -- it be worth the price .
953	Keyboard	POS	4	it be not the most fantastic keyboard in the world , in particular it seem to have some minor spelling issue -lrb- : but it be okay . the best part of this be how much easier it be for work with my laptop . i be never comfortable try to balance the thing on my lap and hunch over try to type with it on some other surface be even worse . with this , i put the laptop on a flat surface in front of i , increase the size of the print and sit with the keyboard in my lap . my mother also like be able to type without have to worry about rub on the touchpad and mess thing up .
208	Keyboard	POS	4	pro  adjustable  rubber matte finish be great  good concept  easy to establish bluetooth connection with ipad  like the hotkey , especially the home and lock button con - hard to open and adjust without get fingerprint on ipad . - screen be top-heavy ... and fall backwards if not adjust correctly . - lock placement above backspace -lrb- delete -rrb- key be bad . - keyboard be too compact . - bottom left of the keyboard be lower than the rest of the keyboard . - keyboard be warped
871	Keyboard	POS	5	i have recently begin to feel the wrath of the infamous carpal tunnel syndrome -lrb- kind of know it be come ... be just a matter of time -rrb- from extensive code and overall computer usage . thanks to cts , i be not able to use conventional keyboard . as a result , i decide to purchase this keyboard . when i be at staple , i like the schematic and the way it feel to my hand . nevertheless , i be a bit skeptical ... after all , it be design and manufacture by microsoft and i be not a microsoft fan . since i buy it this evening , i have already use it for about four hour and i must say that i love this product ! i never feel this comfortable and free of pain . the cramp and strain i would occasionally experience while typing be no longer there ! this be probably the best product microsoft have come up with after windows nt ! if you be a computer science\/systems\/networking student or even a professional programmer\/systems and or network administrator , do not make the same mistake i do . get this keyboard before it be too late . it 'll pay off in the longer run . but if you end up like i , you will end up have to pay in many different way ... not just financially .
854	Keyboard	POS	5	this be a very good tool for any palm fan . it fold into a few section make it about the same size as a regular palm . it be affordable - and small . well worth the money .
409	Keyboard	POS	4	if you be familiar with use ergonomic keyboard , you 'll probably like this model . i have be use a contoured keyboard for about 4 year . even though it take a while to get use to the contour , i now have trouble go back to the old straight style . i also like the feel of the key since i be a heavy-handed typer . i be replace this keywboard with a new one because several of the key be break , which be part of why i downgrade the keyboard . i do not think the key should have break off so easily . another issue i have be that it be quite large and use a lot of desk space . this may be just a function of any contoured board , but i think a little engineering would result in a better design .
892	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard cover exceed my expectation . it fit perfect on mac keyboard and feel great too . for less than $ 3.00 , i could not ask for more and completely satisfy with its build quality . would recommend to anyone who be look for mac laptop keyboard cover .
600	Keyboard	POS	4	although you should be able to use this keyboard with any computer , it be ideal for use with thinkpad laptop . i have a thinkpad x series . i spend almost half my time at location where i be directly work on the laptop 's keyboard . but other time , at home and at the office , i have a docking station and a external monitor . with that setup i use this keyboard . since the key placement be almost the same , it be very easy to switch between the laptop and the external keyboard ! however , one thing that i do not like be that although the key be shallow like laptop key , they do not feel the same . they be softer .
468	Keyboard	POS	5	the first one i receive be doa so i get a refund and order another one . i have have the replacement for about three week and it be great ! the keyboard charge within a couple of hour and it use the apple 30-pin connector so it be very convenient in that respect . i have not do a rigorous battery test on the key but i have use they for a couple of hour straight without a hitch . the key go into sleep mode after a couple minute to save battery and reconect in a second as soon as you strike a key . it conveniently have a switch on the side so when you do not need it you can just turn in off . it have all the key like a regular keyboard . the right shift key be a little weird to hit as well as the delete key , they both take a bit of get use to but not too bad , other than that it be a relatively nice keyboard to type on . i be write the whole review with it . there be also a whole set of very useful function key at the top such as brightne , home button , search , select all , copy , paste , cut , play pause , next track , previous track , volume up and down , mute , and lock . the keyboard be hold on by pretty strong magnet and can be remove if not need . the case be synthetic leather and it feel nice , it have a loop to hold a stylus below where the home button go . the inside surface of the case have a suede feeling . all of the opening for button , mic , speaker and camera be well place and easily accesible . the be one mod i have to do however ; the flap that hold the ipad in place start get some play and the ipad gigle around a bit and i get nervous about it fall out , specially after read a review that it have happen to somebody so i get some velcro with the sticky back and put it on oposite side of where the flap meet the case and problem solve , my ipad be securely in place and i can take it out easily if i need to . with the couple of flaw it have the price more than make up for it , and at $ 35 you can not go wrong and get a great keyboard case for all of you that need to type while on the go .
507	Keyboard	POS	4	i have own this keyboard for about 6 month and i still like it . i be a hardcore gamer , and be initially attract to this keyboard because i frequently find myself typing in dim lighting while gaming . i also like the fact that the red backlighting led match the led on my tower . the three color you can change to have vary degree of intensity , beyond the dimmer switch . the purple be very bright , while the blue be a lot lower . red be right in the middle , which i find perfect . it perform as well as any keyboard i have use in term of feel and keyboard over all quality . the one downside be that the silver frame of the keyboard start to ` wipe ' off after about a month . three of my finger consistently rest on my `` w a d '' key with my thumb near the spacebar , and i find that where my pinkie finger and thumb touch the outside silver frame , the color have kind of wipe away . this leave 2 widen spot of gray plastic along the edge of my silver keyboard . i be suprised that the plastic isnt simply silver rather than paint silver in anticipation of this . ultimately i be look for a new keyboard , though i have no serious issue with this one beyond aesthetics . i think that it be a very good product , but hardcore gamer should look elsewhere , for macro key and all the other knick-knack that ` gaming ' keyboard offer . too bad none of the curent good one have red led lighting to match my tower : p
246	Keyboard	POS	5	i usually type with 2 , sometimes 3 finger in each hand . i be still a fast typist -lrb- for a regular guy who have not take any course or anything ! -rrb- but this keyboard basically force i to stop look at my finger every two seconds , and type with the correct finger , without look ! it be also incredibly ergonomic and comfortable !! wrist pain instantly go ! the only problem be that now i simply can not stand regular keyboard , especially apple-style laptop keyboard !! some people mention a problem with the spacebar be hard to push at the right edge . this be true , and it be a big problem ... but i try the fix that someone post in one of the comment here on amazon -lrb- take out the key and twist the metal bar by rotate both end in oppose direction on its axis -rrb- and now it work almost perfectly , so yes it can be fixed ! everything else be amazing . buy this . i should have buy it sooner . my wrist be happy : -rrb-
381	Keyboard	POS	5	first and foremost , the electronic bible come promptly at 12:30 pm est -lrb- be still daylight savings time -rrb- 09.21.2010 . the box mildly damage but the unit be in `` class a '' condition . i do not know it be audio but i be so glad ! and the instruction ; after about fifteen minute of reading i be able to find the bible passage for next sunday 's service in no time . thank goodness it be a qwerty keyboard . my right hand be down for the count but be a former touch typist . i be not have any problem work the button . my only complain be the ear bud . they will not stay in `` my '' ear so i be use a spare of ear bud that have soft tip . mine you , i be talk about my ear so do not get concern . you unit be just what i need . thank you
973	Keyboard	POS	5	i order this laptop case because i do not want to have to constantly zip my laptop into a case and take it out again , but do want to have the ability to slide it into my bookbag without worry that it would get all scratch up . this do just the trick ! and it come in really cute color . i have the darker of the blues and it be a really nice shade : -rrb- great product !
434	Keyboard	POS	5	i need a external keyboard that i could use while travel . the big keyboard do not fit in my computer case , and i could not find a bag large enough to carry everything comfortably . this 15 '' keyboard be able to fold in half or even roll up . the only difficulty with the product be that it truly have quiet key ... which can be hard to get use to . also , the key placement be a bit tricky , and for advanced window user who use the keyboard shortcut , sometimes it be better to reach over and use the laptop keyboard .
874	Keyboard	POS	5	i have have this keyboard for about 7 month now , and it have be wonderful . i use it along with my arch touch mouse from microsoft , and it make a great combo . it be smaller than most keyboard , but they do not change the keyboard size . it be actually quite comfortable to use compare to a standard flat keyboard . i have not have to change the battery in the 7 month that i have own it and it be still go strong . the key be quick and responsive , and it clean easy with a slightly damp towel . it would be nice if the receiver could be use with the arch touch mouse instead of need a receiver for each , but since most computer now have so many usb port , it be hardly a issue .
377	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this light weight keyboard . works good and glad i bring it . i think if you be think of buy it buy it now .
648	Keyboard	POS	5	when my 3-year old microsoft wireless keyboard bit the dust last week , i have to briefly use a spare , straight , non-ergonomic keyboard and it feel awful . what a relief when i get the logitech keyboard in the mail yesterday ! very comfortable to type on , fit my keyboard tray just right , feel better to type on than the microsoft keyboard do . and the laser mouse that come with it in this combo package also be a pleasure to use . the keyboard have a lot of functional capability that i probably will not use , but that be just icing on the cake . the comfort , for i , be the best feature of this keyboard . this be a excellent choice , if i do say so myself .
704	Keyboard	POS	4	i just buy the stowaway keyboard and it work great for write email , note , etc. . . but i have one problem w \/ the first one i get from comp . usa . the `` t '' key do not always work as well as it should have . every now and then i would have to really concentrate on hit the button to get it to work . all the other key work great though and the new one that i have seem to have not problem . overall it be a great little item but i would buy it for the same price from a store in you area so you do not have to pay to return it if it be defective . awesome product though and i be not as worry about break it as i be of break my visor so it be pretty sturdy , but then you can see for yourself if you go to comp usa or somewhere that they sell it in a store rather than online . happy shopping .  kc
274	Keyboard	POS	4	so far , so good ! i have be use the keyboard for a little less than a month and it be be work great . it be act up a few time but i have just remove and then replace the usb plug and it work just fine . i buy this item because i be not convince on spend the $ 130 on the logitech version and think i would give this one a shot . i use it more my media computer that be hook up to my live room tv . for just over $ 30 i do not think that you can go wrong with this one !
253	Keyboard	POS	5	i purchase this item within a week of release . in the past two month of daily use there have be no issue , problem , glitch , or hardware failure . it be not a ipad or android tablet . for all those people who think they would be run app or have a thin ipad they will not be happy . what it provide be a full service windows 7 computer that run all window application without a hitch . it will perform any and all window service and will not crash or fail . in my work i require offsite access to a database that be encrypt . it will only work with a window 7 system . for i , there be no option but a win base computer . i require portability , ease of use , and reliability . this system work for i . go from sleep to full screen access be seconds . there be few area to be note : 1 . -rrb- several reviewer have note it be neither as light weight or as smooth as the ipad with respect to touch screen and some program . this be true , however , it be not limit to the apple system . it be a true 64 bit computer . 2 . -rrb- the lack of 3g be decry as a fail . from my point of view this be a benefit . all system that come with pre install wan card typically lock you into carrier that may change technology or charge . i find the preferred system be one that allow for a tethered computer . 3 . -rrb- the bezel issue be note on several review board . the comment have be that there be screen elevation where the glass be not flush with the case . i have carefully evaluate my system and find that at the lower left side there be a less than 1mm elevation that be virtually imperceptible . in two month of daily use there have be no degradation in the case . 4 . -rrb- the battery life be actually quite good when the system go into sleep mode after use . i use the system and place in in sleep after use . i easily get a full day of use . i have show this system to several of my co worker . they be now in the process of use this as a replacement for they win 7 notebook .
359	Keyboard	POS	5	this thing be great , sure it have some shortcoming but they be overshadow by all that it do . i have buy three of they so far and be about to buy another . i hope they do eventually upgrade the firmware to allow it to access the android market but if it never happen for under a hundred buck it be still worth it .
566	Keyboard	POS	5	how can you beat the price first of all ? and it protect it from dust and crumb . i love when i type in class , it be very quiet compare to the person next to i with they pc -lrb- they should get something like this as well for pc -rrb- . anyways , i recommend this to macbook pro users .
764	Keyboard	POS	5	i be a bit leery buying this keyboard because i be not sure how often i would have to charge it . i figure if i be plug the thing in for a full day to charge every 5 day , it would defeat the purpose of have a wireless device . much to my delight , i have own the keyboard for three month , use it 5 day a week for work , and i have charge it only once -lrb- and even then i suspect it be because the device do not have a full charge out of the box -rrb- . grant i usually turn the illumination off because i simply do not need it , but there have be several occasion where i have forget to switch the keyboard off at night and the battery meter remain full . i would strongly recommend this product to anyone look for a wireless keyboard . the illumination be a bonus for i , but if you need that it too work great . i be a huge fan of logitech and they unifying platform . i use this keyboard in conjunction with a m510 mouse on the same receiver dongle and have have no problem .
483	Keyboard	POS	5	perfect when you just need a plain ol' functional keyboard ! the key feel nice . works great right out of the box -lrb- have a 2004 gateway computer w \/ xp -rrb- . price be right , too . quite happy with this !!
613	Keyboard	POS	5	i be look one mini wireless keyboard for my nokium n8 symbian . after i be loke many keyboard option , i decide buy this product , and be a good election . the keyboard do work fine with my nokium n8 , and with my computer . actualy , i be studyng and i bring this keyboard at the classroom , and i be use my celphone like a computer . i type in microsoft word perfectly , and excel too . also , i can to conect my cellphone to my tv and enjoy youtube , -lrb- for example -rrb- , use the perixx keyboard . also , the touchpad do work fine , like a personal computer , like the seller describe it . only , this keyboard be a little hard , therefore , in general , i recomend that .
838	Keyboard	POS	5	it take a little get use to use this type of keyboard , but these keyboard be very dependable and we buy they for many employee at we organization and hear no complaint .
544	Keyboard	POS	5	i be look for a mouse\/keyboard combo . the best mouse that i could find be by logitech , but be not pair with a keyboard . so i buy this keyboard and it go perfectly with my mouse and the computer .
28	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be awesome , the most amazing thing that happen be i order this keyboard two day ago and it come yesterday , with free shipping !! i be still amaze at this . this be the best experience with amazon i have so far . the keyboard work great , it can be use on ps\/2 or usb so that be on of the really good thing about it . there be a lot of button for quick access of stuff . this keyboard be great . it work great and it be much easier to type with less strain on you hand . with my old one , my hand would get tired easily . as logitech say that it feel good in you hand , it actually do . i would recommend this keyboard to anyone .
807	Keyboard	POS	5	i have no idea what people be complain about . this keyboard be fantastic . i be typing on it right now and it be awesome . also it take 3 day from when i order it !
629	Keyboard	POS	4	i have have no problem , the keyboard be good and i enjoy typing on it .
196	Keyboard	POS	5	as many have state about pricing when consider a backlit keyboard this item be without rival . it be the most inexpensive and well thought-out media keyboard with just enough to keep you involve with everyday task . it offer the option for illuminate key at a price anyone can afford . the key be somewhat average size lean toward the compact footprint of a laptop key layout . it have the windows , mail , search and audio control that media keyboard seem to be obligate to yield as well as a few other . the key be illuminate with lead lighting component that be activate and deactivate with a on\/off button . the light switch be in the far right corner of the media key row you see in the product illustration just above the qwerty key . the power draw of the keyboard be simple and direct as the led be power through the usb 2.0 power channel when connect to you system -- so there be no extra wire or adapter ; no battery need . it run out of the box without unnecessary driver eliminate inconsistent setup and intermittent operation headache for the average user on up the rank . the keyboard 's landscape be a standard qwerty layout govern by serious logical design that i have see in short order else-where . my conclusion be a five star rating without hesitation and it be solid . the standard feature be all there at a extremely low price make it a essential component that be green , consumer friendly and user-space friendly . it be compact without feel like it and make a impact in all the right place . feature breakdown just as a recap : - all key be backlit led . - the led be power via usb 2.0 - single standard usb connector - the board be wire so no battery be need - no additional wireless radio interference to garble you router signal strength - have a true dedicated number pad - on\/off button for key illumination - have num , caps and scroll lock indicator led just above the number pad -- no more guess - price be phenominal consider everyone 's economice state fantastic product -- period .
690	Keyboard	POS	4	works great priced right no keyboard last for ever . i would buy another ; -rrb-
657	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy this baby after hear about the wonder of a mechanical keyboard , and there simply be no word that can explain how much better they feel than traditional one . the wonderful clicky sound you get when you press a key , the feeling of it on you finger . use one for a day and then try to type on a regular keyboard , it will feel mushy and give you a stomach ache . this model be wonderful for anyone who do a lot of typing and gaming . they keyboard be heavy , so it do not slide around , and the easy to press clicky key will increase you wpm -lrb- or apm for you fellow starcraft 2 nerd -rrb- . the lack of label force you to memorize the key , and as someone who use to look down every now and then for a symbol or two , i can honestly say this make you a much better typist . -lrb- plus it look cool as hell -rrb- . the only complaint i can possibly give this keyboard be its usb hub . the keyboard have 2 usb plug , one for the actual keyboard , and one that power 2 usb 2.0 slot on the right side of the keyboard . the problem be if you plug anything with a reasonably big usb plug into the slot , they get into you mouse area . other than that , i can not recommend this keyboard enough . if you be still typing on a regular keyboard , do yourself a favor and treat yourself to a mechanical , and you might as well fork over the money for the best .
702	Keyboard	POS	5	unbeatable for the money . good typing feel , easy to get accustom to , and comfortable . i love the `` calculator '' speed key -lrb- i also like the fact that it work under windows without have to load software -rrb- .
530	Keyboard	POS	5	i have own at least a dozen keyboard over the past 10 year , but this be by far the best . it charge extremely fast and hold the charge for a very long time . the key feel great and be super quiet . it also look and feel great . the only drawback for i be the lack of a number pad , but i have learn to live without it . if they ever make this keyboard with a number pad , i would get that . i like it so much i buy a second one for we other computer . it be not cheap , but it be a great keyboard !
310	Keyboard	POS	5	i use to have the microsoft ergonomic keyboard , the big white one with the split keyboard , and it be awesome until it stop typing b 's and z 's . i be go to buy another but i figure it be about time to try something new . that be when i run across this keyboard . i be not sure if it would work well and i be especially weary of the battery thing . i mean what good be a computer without a keyboard or one that die in the middle of use it ? but so far everything have be great . no lag time . no battery issue . it even come with some handy little volume and function button . if i have to complain about one thing it would be the ` wave ' keyboard . i like the ` split ' keyboard better because i be a bigger guy who do not want to have my elbows\/wrists all smush together to type . it be not bad , but its definitely more strain than before . other than that its be great .
205	Keyboard	POS	4	this be a full size key board which can be fold accordian style to a size just a little bigger then the palm unit itself . it have a simple design , click onto the port on the bottom of the unit . it run on the power of the unit , i havent really study this or use it enough to say if this create a huge drain on the unit itself . if you think that graffiti be too slow then this be the product for you .
290	Keyboard	POS	5	while this keyboard may not have all the bell and whistle of some of the higher end , more expensive g-series keyboard it be still a amazing product . price : for it be price range this be definitely the best keyboard you can buy . before this i have the razer lycosa , and while it be a good keyboard i get tire of the constant problem i have with it . feature : the lighting option for this be great , macro be very easy to record and be easy to apply to the g-key . the multimedia center in the upper right have everything you need to control you audio . i have not use the extra usb port or headphone\/microphone jack but i could see that they could come in handy for some user . feel : the key on this board have a sort of soft feel to they , they be not rubbery but feel great to type on . i have use this keyboard for a few day now and i can say confidently that logitech have do a great job with the build quality and layout of this keyboard .
486	Keyboard	POS	4	i spend my entire workday in front of my computer so naturally i need something more comfortable than the stock keyboard that be give to i by my empolyer . i use a natural pro at home and be very happy with it . the natural multimedia have a similar look , but feel very different . the keystroke be a lot smoother , almost feel spongy . the extra multimedia button on the top ... i do not use they . oh yeah , and the keyboard be noticibly heavier and take up more space than a stock keyboard ... there be two main thing that really annoy i : the function key -lrb- f1-f12 -rrb- have be replace by m$ with shortcut for thing like help , undo , redo , open , close , reply , fwd , send , spell , save , print . you can still use the f-key , but you have to press the flock button first . annoy . also , there be a oversized delete button -- it sit where the insert button and a normal size delete button sit .
877	Keyboard	POS	4	have it about a week , along with a logitech v705 mouse . lot to say that be good , only problem be the oft mention caps\/scroll\/numlock button . obviously too late for a hardware fix , but have all 3 work on screen would be a good thing . still try to fugure out how to program the scroll wheel in firefox to open a new tab rather than open the magnifying glass -lrb- which i can do better by ctrl+ croll wheel up and down -rrb- . all in all , a good buy for the buck - too bad the backlit wireless be so expensive , and the keyboard light that i have look at all seem to have shortcoming .
788	Keyboard	POS	4	the key board cover be really nice and easy to use . you just place it over you key - it keep dust and dirty stuff from get all over you key . i bring this because i have really oily finger and i do not like the oil mark on that be leave by key on the screen . this key board cover for i reduce the oil mark on the screen . my friend be use my laptop and he be like do something weird happen to you key , they feel different ? he do not even know there be a cover ! thats how nice the cover be . i recommend this type of cover not the color one because they be more professional and the light still glow nicely . on the f5 and f6 button there be just the f5 and f6 symbol not the symbol to make you key light up or down . all the other button be the same as you key board . now that i have the cover i barely use the key light except when im in the dark . the feel be really soft and a little higher than you might be use to but you will get use to it because its a small difference . oh and the key do not make that much noise with the cover when you typing very fast . this could be useful in a meeting or a class . i be really happy i buy it . it be not too much either
148	Keyboard	POS	4	the keyboard fit perfectly . nice feel . the only thing be miss the keyboard mouse stick which be part of the original dell laptop .
217	Keyboard	POS	5	i love my kindle ! i read more than before because i always have it with i , load with book for every mood . i especially love that i can download a travel guide in it and not have to carry the paper book when i walk around touring . i can download map in there too . it have so many nice feature ; i particularly love the push button dictionary and make the type larger . i wish the image be in color and that the device have a light of its own , but not if those sacrifice the light weight feature and long battery life .
10	Keyboard	POS	5	i have have this keyboard for a little while now , and i love it . i be afraid it be be too small or awkward . however , the design turn out to be great . the touchpad work perfectly , and the key be nice and springy . one problem : i plug the usb dongle into the back of my desktop . the keyboard be unreliable even with the keyboard less than 5 foot away from the dongle . i plug the usb dongle into the usb port on the top of my computer , and it work perfectly . the range seem to be 30 foot unobstructed . couple of small thing : the finish be glossy , so it 'll look nice right out of the box . but there will always be finger smudge on it after any kind of use . the num\/caps\/scroll lock led be very dim . in the daylight it be tough to tell if they be on or not . you can not change the volume with one hand . you need to press fn + f10 , f11 , or f12 . often i want to mute my music and walk away , and i be require to put my drink down to mute my computer . like i say , they be small thing , but it would be nice if they be take care of . sometimes the little thing take something from good to great .
597	Keyboard	POS	5	i do not expect to be impress by this little gizmo but i be blow away when i take it out of the box . it be about the size of the journada when fold and then unfold to a very useable keyboard . the position of some of the key - like the backspace key - need get use to and one can not use the control key for the same sort of funtion as with a regular keyboard -lrb- as for bold and underline -rrb- but it be fantastic when one have a great deal of datum to type in and a laptop be not available for typing and then synch . i sure as heck do not really need one but , now that i have one , i use my pocket pc at work more since i can keep it set up to make note to myself .
785	Keyboard	POS	5	this product work exactly the way you expect it to work . with windows 7 on a dell vostro , all i have to do be plug in my ibm keyboard and a trackball , then start & restart my computer . so far -lrb- after about 20 start-up -rrb- , the system always find the device immediately -- and do it much more reliably than it do when i be use a two-port adapter to connect a usb keyboard -lrb- w\/trackball -rrb- and a separate keypad .
965	Keyboard	POS	5	smoothest keyboard ever . . light up nice and bright and shut off in a short time of inactivity love it . . highly recommend . cordless , light . sweet .
797	Keyboard	POS	4	i pick up two of these cover . they fit my macbook air and pro fairly well . they be not perfect , but they do the job . i do like how the cover do not budge once you put they on . they do not slip and slide at all .
739	Keyboard	POS	5	i have have my mouse and keyboard for about a year now , and so far , no problem . i still have the orginal battery in my keyboard . here be a little list of thing that i do not like about the keyboard and mouse : ... . . none . here be a list of what i like about this mouse and keyboard : ... ... . . everything .
638	Keyboard	POS	5	great wireless keyboard . pair it with the m570 wireless trackball and you have a killer combination . sure be good to have the unifying usb receiver too . no more extra unit clutter up the workstation . a huge plus . .
348	Keyboard	POS	5	pro : ~ $ 65 , high quality , come with duracell , not crap battery , play well with rechargable 1.2 v 2000ma duracell , more mouse button than my gamer self could ever need , roller be frikkin sweet , mouse be super-ergonomic , fit well in hand , keyboard lead , keyboard feel nice under hand , palm rest be not crap gel but some sort of vinyl , low profile key keep finger from get stick on side , 2.4 ghz , come with usb extender for better reception\/longer battery life -lrb- my antec 1200 be several foot away and could cause reception issue without the usb extender -rrb- , software work quite well . get use to not have mouse acceleration never could be easier -lrb- smooth and accurate as heck ; get use to it after a few day of use -rrb- , supposedly 3 year life time on both mouse and keyboard -lrb- something around 1.2 year with rechargable , accord to setpoint -rrb- . con : palm rest do not play too well with my wrist cushion and do not detach , keyboard lead be a bit hard to see , keyboard be not ergonomically shape .
68	Keyboard	POS	4	key be fairly good for a membrane keyboard -lrb- i would say above average -rrb- . back-lighting be uneven however , so it lose a star . i appreciate the brightness nob and media control button . super helpful for turn of the light and control full screen video .
263	Keyboard	POS	5	if you be like i and use you thinkpad every day , you have get very use to the touch and speed of the keyboard and trackpoint -lrb- the red dot -rrb- . this keyboard have the same touch with a add numeric keyboard . the back edge of the keyboard also have 2 usb port -lrb- near the f4 & f5 key -rrb- . i never check to see if they support usb 2.0 though . one thing that be not include be a power button , but now i be get really picky . all in all , another excellent keyboard from ibm . -lrb- yes , it still have the ibm logo on it . -rrb-
935	Keyboard	POS	5	i have be use computer for 12 year and continue to do so with at least 7 hour of `` keyboard '' time . i have use countless keyboard and have to admit i be not too fond of microsoft product . however , this keyboard simply work as it intend to . the engineer at microsoft put some great thought into this keyboard in term of the shape and natural positioning of the hand . about six month ago i have sharp pain on my wrist and my doctor actually prescribe i specifically to use this keyboard along with a optical mouse as she have good result with she prior patient . she be dead on right . i have be use it for six month and the pain be now go . it take i about a day or so to adjust to the split format . the split layout promote proper typing and the reason why it take i so long be because i type some key with my right hand , when i be suppose to do it with my left hand . no big deal . this be the only keyboard i be use , home and office . it be about time microsoft get something right ...
517	Keyboard	POS	5	as a freelance copywriter i use to do 100 % of my write in my desktop . i use my palm tungsten e basically for reading and calendar . but now thing have change , with the think outside wireless keyboard , i be do half of my work in my palm . it be light and easy to use . it took abou 40 minute of practice to get use to the keyboard , after that it be downhill all the time . a few day ago i took it to the doctor 's office and while wait i write a lot . since it be not design to rest on you lap , i take a hard cover book and rest the keyboard on it : voila , that do the trick . what can i say ? i be in love with my palm-stoway combo ... best buy i have do in this year . the only thing miss : while rest on the keyboard base , you palm can not be connect , neither to the charger not to the hotsync cable .
149	Keyboard	POS	4	i like this keyboard a lot . it be on a little expensive side , but i think it be worth all the money in term of comfortness . if you be familiar with the layout of a natural keyboard , and if you do not need look down every time you type , you will love the comfortness of this keyboard like myself . the soft padding and the reverse tilting -lrb- bottom side of the keyboard be lift with the stand include -rrb- seem to give i extra mileage every time i use this keyboard . since the last one i use be a microsoft bluetooth elite , it would not be fair for i to rate the responsiveness of this keyboard . i be not a gamer , but i could not stand the jumpy sleep\/wake mechanism of the bluetooth keyboard -lrb- otherwise bluetooth elite be a very solid product ... stylish , too -rrb- . finally i decide to go back to a wire one , and i do not seem to have the problem any more . if you be , however , a sniper typist , one-shot-one-type , i see a small problem . with the reverse tilting , probably you will find yourself do extra neck workout , reach out you head to look down every time you type . also if you be not fully familiar with the natural keyboard layout , probably you will sometimes have to look down and you will find that you finger block you view to the letter on the key with the stand attach . sure you can use this keyboard without the stand , but then probably you can find a alternative choice ... something even cheaper maybe ... the keyboard layout be what you can expect from any natural keyboard . however , the extra function key -lrb- favorite , sound on\/off etc. -rrb- layout do not seem quite intuitive , and icon on those key be hard to recognize . as a personal opinion , i wish those icon illuminate for better recognition , if they have to have low contrast against the luminance of the key . there go my 5 star keyboard .
895	Keyboard	POS	5	i buy my first m natural keyboard over 10 year ago to help with carpal issue . i can not imagine how many time i have press each key but my first keyboard finally fail after more than 10 year ... so i buy another one just like the first . as i recall , it take a few day to get use to not have to scrunch my elbow into my ample side to position my hand on the key . once i get use to hold my hand in a `` natural '' position it immediately become evident to i how much nicer this type of keyboard be compare to the `` standard '' inline keyboard . for the price it seem like a great buy to i . if you amortize the purchase cost over the life of the keyboard it be very inexpensive . i use my computer everyday and do not expect to ever use anything but a natural keyboard . it work for i and i would recommend it to everyone .
414	Keyboard	POS	5	all right , so i pretty much have this keyboard for about 2 month now and i can say that the curve style can be a little hard to get use to but as soon as you get use to it its very easy and rather quiet to type on , it feel good and it just look pretty call
474	Keyboard	POS	5	let i start by say it be be 9 month since i have get my microsoft arc wireless keyboard in white and i be still in love ! it be one of the cutest , most stylish and affordable keyboard i have ever come across with . i be a young female adult and be look for a wireless keyboard that would match my minimalist pastel color bedroom but would also feel sturdy enough to my daily usage and i have sure find it . this keyboard be extremely compact and it be white color just make it easy on the eye while it sit on my desk . i be so happy i do not need to hide my keyboard when not in use anymore and i can just keep it handy around my desk . i must say this pretty little thing take a little bit of time to get use to it at first since it be not a full size keyboard with no numeric pad nor regular arrow key . also it be so thin that the key actually feel a tad shallow when press compare to other keyboard . but i have get use to the feel of it and i be quite glad now . like another reviewer point it out its compact size also mean that all key could be reach virtually without move you hand which be great for people with small hand in general . this be a huge plus to i as i be brazilian and i be constantly toggle my keyboard idiom setting on window back and forth between english and portuguese-br so the keyboard 's sleek form factor actually help i memorize quickly where all my portuguese accent be even though they be `` not really there '' . no more ugly bilingual sticker for i ! yay ! on the other hand , the keyboard be not as comfy to my boyfriend . i would not recommend it to man , gamer and people with bigger hand unless style be a major concern . like i say before , i have get the white one and it do get sort of dirty after a while but i have be successfully wipe it back to its mint condition by simply use a regular rubber eraser . so far i have not see any yellowish stain that usually white appliances\/peripherals get after some time . at last but definitely not least this little beauty be a beast when it come to battery performance ! the most i could ever get from 2aa battery on every wireless keyboard i have ever own be 3 month of usage . well it be be 9 month use it everyday for about 6h\/day and i be still get a solid performance on its 1st aa battery and i do not think i be gonna have to change it in anytime soon .
608	Keyboard	POS	5	this keyboard be exactly what i need : cheap , work out of the box , and quiet . it have a softer , nicer touch than my other logitech wireless keyboard . it be slim and do not take up a lot of room on my desk . recommend it !
262	Keyboard	POS	5	i like look at keyboard and using it . key be large , unit no larger than need to be for normal use , no duplicate number on it . small manual might be helpful even at risk of repeat obious , e.g. , upper right light strip , buttons at upper left .
13	Keyboard	POS	4	i select this product because i be a fan of logitech keyboards and mouse . i pay $ 79.00 for a similar product almost five year ago and be very happy with the quality and value of the product . at $ 39.99 , i be willing to take a chance on this product due to my past experience with logitech product . i be not disappoint at all with this combo . the keyboard be solid and have good `` feel '' , not cheap or noisy . the laser mouse be very fast and accurate . so fast , that i have to adjust the tracking speed down from my former optical mouse . i have to turn the receiver for this combo be very , very , small . it be so small it come with a label and plastic attach so that you do not lose it while unpack . it can be place in the front port of you desktop , or can be leave in a side port of you laptop . all in all , a very good deal , the quality and value be as i expect , and it even come with battery for both .
413	Keyboard	POS	5	i love this keyboard ! i be replace a older adesso ergonomic keyboard -lrb- bondi blue , circa 1998 -rrb- , that still work perfectly , but i want the extra media key , etc. . i really want a washable keyboard , but can not find one for the mac . i try a pc keyboard that be washable , but the backwards key drive i nut . everything on this keyboard work perfectly . all the extra key work , the programable key work , it be pretty quiet as far as i be concerned -lrb- other review have complain about all of these thing -rrb- , but i find no problem . if it last half as long as my other adesso i will be thrill ! the driver install with no problem . identify the keyboard with no problem . i have no complaint , it be great .
983	Keyboard	NEG	2	when i order this item , it be list as a rii minus keyboard . what i receive be the favus brand keyboard . amazon have since correct the listing to accurately represent what you be get . the favi keyboard look the same as the rii , but i do not know if there be any difference . the rius seem to get good review , so i be pretty surprise by the performance of my keyboard . the keyboard & trackpad work fine if i be within about 3 foot from the usb receiver . but if i try to use it in my normal seat position -lrb- ~ 10 foot away -rrb- , i have to hold the keyboard up and forward -lrb- closer to the pc -rrb- in order for it to work . even then , it miss keystroke and mouse movement very often . fortunately i do not have to use it very often . it would drive i crazy if i do not have a media center remote control to handle most interaction with the pc . the usb receiver be install in a front-panel usb jack on my pc , so there should be no reason that i have such bad reception .
747	Keyboard	NEG	2	i have lose the cord that connect the kindle to the charge source and need a replacement cord . it seem to i that this ` usb car charger ' , usb wall\/travel charger ' be just what i need . admittedly i be not careful to read what be include in this package when i place my order . when i receive the shipment today -lrb- outstanding service as always -rrb- each of the describe item be include in the package , however , they be pretty much useless without the connect cord . the cost for the delivery charge equal the item charge , so return the order be not practical . yes , i will be more careful next time , but i do think the description should have indicate that no cable be include in this so-called ` kindle charge ' package . kmf
87	Keyboard	NEG	2	the silicone keyboard cover do not let the backlit key show through , and while it do protect the keyboard from dust , it make typing somewhat awkward . if you like the crisp feel of the keyboard on you macbook pro , do not bother with this .
347	Keyboard	NEG	1	i would not recommend this keyboard , the key break after just a few month usuage . after a month of try to get replacement key i still have not receive they and be actually tell after my first inquiry that `` shipping be too busy to get they out but they would go out that day '' , 3 week later i still do not have they and no response from the mfg. no one answer they 800 # and they do not seem to respond to email .
562	Keyboard	NEG	1	it never work . i could never get it to charge and then turn on . terrible would not purchase another one .
461	Keyboard	NEG	1	i brood on buy the virtually indestructible keyboard for several month . all the review i read tell i not to do it , but i do anyway . so why should not you buy this keyboard ? simply put , the key touch response be horrible . you can not fly over the key like you do with a normal keyboard , because they require a lot of pressure to input the letter you be typing . second , the key be lay out strangely . for instance , the spacebar be actually two key instead of one long , thin bar . so if you hit the middle of you spacebar by habit , you thumb will land in-between the two . also , the backspace button be the size of a normal letter key , which make it difficult to reach when touch typing . it be just very poorly design and not useful to anyone who type by touch . however , the illumination be pretty neat , and it do roll up as describe . i be hope it would work out for i so i could wipe it off when i spill a soda or drop a crumb in-between the key ... but this be not my solution , unfortunately . i can only recommend this keyboard to someone who be a `` hunt and peck '' kind of user , since they will probably be able to focus enough pressure on the key that the stiff input will not affect they typing style . for the speed typer , someone who use they computer nearly all day every day , stay far away .
187	Keyboard	NEG	2	the key be shallow and do not provide good feedback . i often find myself fat finger key . due to this i probably use the backspace key more than any other key . appear to be durable and fairly good quality otherwise . i have be use it about a year daily for work and it have hold up well . i really miss the old clickity-clack keyboard -lrb- loud but i probably type twice as fast on those -rrb- . i recommend go with another keyboard . one that have better key feedback .
477	Keyboard	NEG	1	i get the item and try to use it , it do not work , i contact the seller who refund my money , which i guess be good , but i would have prefer a work unit . i would recommend that if you need to free up usb port just add a usb extension . save you money
123	Keyboard	NEG	2	unless you plan on use another mouse , or really really like a trackball mouse , do not buy this . the mouse track like a overexcited puppy . they could have a great keyboard if they put a small joystick mouse on it like the old sk-7100 keyboard have .
24	Keyboard	NEG	2	hi the keyboard skin fit the key really well but it doesnt stick to the keyboard at all , so it need to be adjust again and again and secondly the skin block all the light that come from the key . in all not advisable to be use .
806	Keyboard	NEG	1	i have order this item twice and neither time do i receive the item shown\/described !! instead of receive what you want you will in fact receive a crystal cover with no keyboard cover !!!
70	Keyboard	NEG	1	key start fail after about 2 month , and some of the key marking rub off too . not recommend .
715	Keyboard	NEG	2	buy it and think it be great . then i notice that touchpad tap could not be disabled . nor could touchpad scrooling . talk to manufacturer , they say the device have no driver other than the microsoft pnp one and that these two feature be not available . this be a real problem if you do not hunt-n-peck type . if you type like you be suppose to for speed , this keyboard be problematic . the touchpad be extremely sensative -lrb- not changable -rrb- and if you inadvertently drag you thumb across it the cursor go all over the place , and so do you typing . until adesso come up with a driver that can : 1 -rrb- disable tape on touchpad , 2 -rrb- disable scrool on touchpad , 3 -rrb- decrease sensativity of touchpad i would say this be a no-buy product . but it do have potential , just unrealized .
333	Keyboard	NEG	2	this illuminated keyboard have a attractive design , but be cheaply make . i need a new keyboard for my computer , and i pick this one because it seem good base on the description . however , it be obvious once use it that it be poorly make -- the key be rigid and stick often , make it difficult to type properly . it may be a full keyboard with hot key , but it seem that the only feature that make this product unique be the fact that the key be illuminate . overall , if you be look for a good illuminated keyboard , this be not it .
71	Keyboard	NEG	1	after have this keyboard include with my tablet pc , i start use it regularly in the office for the past couple of week -lrb- do not use keyboard much first couple week -rrb- but be have intermittent issue with the connectivity\/syncing , not to mention the lag mention in previous review when it do work -lrb- i could have live with that though -rrb- . i would get 1-3 day of functionality before it would just stop work ... i think it be a computer\/software\/windows 7 issue so i would uninstall and re-install and it would work again for 1-3 day -lrb- 1.5 day be the average and yes i change the battery too -rrb- and after a excruciatingly long wait time with asus to get resolution -lrb- that be another review ... -rrb- they say `` we 'll send a email with return instruction '' ... the email never come ... and the keyboard finally stop work altogether -lrb- computer could no longer discover -rrb- when i call back they say the microsoft 6000 keyboard be not cover in the warranty - it be one week past 30 day coverage ... never again for the msft keyboard or asus for that matter ... poor product poor customer service .
147	Keyboard	NEG	2	i give this product a try hope to use it to control my media laptop connect to my home theater . it look and feel solid in the hand and come in a nice box . unfortunately , while the product work fine close to the laptop , if the unit be more than 4 foot away from the receiver it only work intermittantly and by the time you reach 6ft away it do not respond at all . it just do not work when i be sit on my couch try to control the laptop . also for some odd reason if i use the laser pointer -lrb- which i honestly care nothing about -rrb- it would break the bluetooth pairing and you would need to use another mouse to re-connect the device i may have recive a faulty unit but i have notice other complain of short range as well so i have decide to return the unit for a refund and explore other option .
228	Keyboard	NEG	2	this be just about the coolest little keyboard you can find . it be light , portable , and it respond as well as a normal keyboard . the one downside , which i recently discover , be that it will not work with the newer class of palm devices , explain why it be so inexpensive now . when i first purchase a keyboard , it be to go along with a zire 71 handheld . that handheld die , force i to upgrade to the newer zire 72 . much to my surprise , palm change the connection for they pda 's , render the wonderful little typing device useless . so , if you be use one of the older model that it can work with , i would certainly say that it be a good buy . but , i would not count on it to last you for generation of palm device to come .
572	Keyboard	NEG	1	i have be a devoted roku user for quite some time now . i have two , and have buy two other as gift . when i get the roku , all that be available be netflix and major league baseball . since then , multiple channel have be add at a rapid rate , and i rarely watch network tv any longer because the roku offer so many good alternative . enter google tv . i be excite about the possibility , hopeful that it would consolidate so much of the video available on the web . my laptop seem to do a better job , use windows 7 's media center and the hp-provided collection of online content . i would have a better experience have i just run a hdmus cable from the laptop -lrb- with its tuner -rrb- to the television . use the chrome browser would be nice , if you only know where to look . how about provide a list of video bookmark within chrome ? of course , use the browser on my 32 '' hdtv require get up from you chair and walk to the tv in order to read the fine print . some sort of magnifier tool would be welcome . another difficulty ensue if you do not have satellite or cable service . my plan be to avoid have such service , because google tv be go to give i everything i need . that be not happen . integrate tv from a antenna into the device be not possible , unless perhaps there be some way to connect it through a dvr , which i do not have and should not need , consider that the whole idea of google tv be to provide video when you want it , not when it be schedule . the gist of it all be that google tv sound like a great idea , but the idea be still unfulfilled . i 'll keep the box and check back from time to time , hope that it , like roku , will expand its offering . meanwhile , i 'll keep enjoy my rokus . ultimately , i 'll probably just connect a dedicated pc with a tuner to my system and let windows 7 do what google tv should have be do straight out of the box . it have be a disappointing purchase -- three time the cost of my rokus , and deliver much less than a third of the content .
156	Keyboard	NEG	2	on a fresh set of battery , this keyboard be barely able to transmit a signal 2 meter , with clear line-of-sight to the antenna . it be pathetic ; at this range , one in ten keystroke just do not go through . it do not help that it use the same 2.4 ghz band as the wifi , so the keyboard stop work any time there be a active download , and the wifus stop work any time you type . physically and ergonomically , it be great . the side make very good handle , and the trackball and mouse button be well-positioned . the built-in trackball be nice when it work -lrb- same reception problem , plus it do not track fast motion very well -rrb- . overall , however , the reception and interference problem make this a poor design .
926	Keyboard	NEG	1	as a case it be just passable with its bulky cradle and wraparound case that do not protect the pda from the element -lrb- the end be open -rrb- . a $ $ $ case from a myriad of other be much better . as a keyboard it fail miserably . the key be like wiggly soft button that be nothing like a real keyboard . it be impossible to type at any reasonable speed , let alone touch typing . feedback from the key be horrible , you do not know if a key be register or not . the key move slightly , but nothing like a real keyboard . i now use a palm portable keyboard -lrb- like the stowaway -rrb- and it be like day and nite compare to this thing . full size key , full travel , a amazing design . i love logitech product , but somehow they lose they way with this thing . what be they think ?
848	Keyboard	NEG	1	the '' \ '' key be located somewhere very uncomfortable -lrb- below `` enter '' -rrb- . as i do a lot of programming and need to type the key pretty often , it be just a painful to use the keyboard . i regret i have not examine the layout of key carefully before purchase it .
38	Keyboard	NEG	1	i be go to write a semi-humorous review of this at the point that only 5-10 key be break , but at this point , i can only find 3-4 key that still work . it look absolutely wonderful in the dark , but it be difficult to use unless you have a hard , flat surface to put it on , and in less than a week of operation , i be ready to drop it in the trash -- not worth my time or postage to return it . get a logitech wireless instead .
110	Keyboard	NEG	1	wireless could be better . it would sometimes drop out on i and then kick back in . could not be more than a few foot from the computer . but the most annoying part about this product be that you could not tell if the cap lock or num lock be on . it need a indicator light . the num lock would change some of you text to number if it be on , so you would type and then realize it be on . not a big deal if it happen once in a while , but it happen all the time . i swear that thing turn itself on . have it about 2 month , the scroll wheel break . i be now on here look for a new keyboard and it will not be this one .
755	Keyboard	NEG	2	buy this for my macbook -lrb- aluminum body -rrb- and realize a number of problem with this product . it be incredibly thin and flimsy . those be actually its better attribute . i would not want a product for my keyboard that bulky ... but it be so thin and flimsy that it do not stay in place . rather than be just slightly larger than the actual button -lrb- so the cover stay on snugly -rrb- everything be just slightly smaller , so no matter how many way you adjust it , it will not sit properly over the key . speak of key . the key on the macbook be design to allow heat to dissipate when you be use the computer . when this cover be on the keyboard it trap the heat in . it be a nice idea , but a lousy product .
561	Keyboard	NEG	1	almost all of my key do not work . if i want to keep it then he will take 5o % off that be it .
355	Keyboard	NEG	1	`` works with you exist hdtv and cable or satellite system to provide seamless access to the web , you tv , compatible dvr , and android app ... '' no , it do not . the revue do not give you `` seamless access to the web . '' and it do not allow you to download and run android app . i buy a revue when it be first release . since then software `` update '' have make it actually do less than when i first get it . when it first arrive i could use it to browse and play video from my media server . now , it display `` network error '' as i try to browse folder on the server and , if i be lucky enough to be able to list the video in a folder , it display `` video error '' for about half the video i try to play . the hardware be great . the software be not . we have be promise update to the software for month and all we get be `` security update '' that break existing functionality . until the software be fix , statement like `` works with you exist hdtv and cable or satellite system to provide seamless access to the web , you tv , compatible dvr , and android app ... '' be out-right lie and false advertising .
50	Keyboard	NEG	1	i do not like this product . the keyboard function do not work consistency . the pointer do not work .
842	Keyboard	NEG	2	this keyboard be great - if you do not have any connection problem . if you look at the forum at apple support , you 'll realize that quite a few people who purchase this keyboard run into exactly that - bluetooth connection problem . where all of a sudden , you ` llllllll bbbbbbbe tyyyyyyyyyypinggggggg lllllllllllllliiiiiiiiiiiikkkkkkkkkkkkeeeeeee this . aggravate - and there be really nothing that can be do to avoid it if you have the problem ... supposedly it be due to wireless interference ... but i have have to go back to use my wire keyboard .
40	Keyboard	NEG	2	the keyboard be very temperamental from the day i open it the mouse jump everywhere . if you click on either mouse button it either open multiple tab or something completely different .
244	Keyboard	NEG	1	much like its predecessor , the v2 be super slim and offer little key resistance . unfortunately , the key spacing on this model cause i to hit the wrong key frequently . also , the keyboard frequently omit letter , so fast typing be impossible as every few word be miss at least one letter . for these reason , i suggest go with the  hp wireless elite keyboard  hp wireless elite keyboard have none of these problem . the letter spacing be closer and i have no problem with miss key . the range be not as good as there must be no obstruction between the keyboard and receiver , but at least it type accurately and it be super slim and lightweight . btw , deal with return to the third party seller `` universal mania inc. '' be a nightmare . it take a week to get a rma for the defective keyboard , and they have all sort of return restriction . avoid universal mania . and avoid this keyboard model !
552	Keyboard	NEG	2	i now know why this be only $ 2.54 . the rubber use trap and catch dust very easily . i intend to use this for my new macbook air , but this be obviously make for the older generation pro because the keyboard backlight barely show through , the cap lock light do not show through at all , and the top right button have a eject button instead of a power button . it fit perfectly fine , but make typing less enjoyable - i do not like the feeling of the rubber and like i say before , it catch dust a lot . bottom line : if you be on a budget , this product will do the trick , but it be very much the `` bare-bones '' of keyboard cover . it be also probably better suit for macbook pro
927	Keyboard	NEG	1	this be suppose to be use as the primary input method for my new mac mini htpc . this constantly drop signal . i try 3 set of new battery to no avail . return this for a refund . get the 88-key wireless multimedia keyboard with touchpad instead : http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/gp\/product\/b003axxobg\/ref=oss_product
287	Keyboard	NEG	1	this product do not work at all with my system . it do not lay flat , and be very difficult to type on . i have to write a lot for my job , and it be very difficult to use .
133	Keyboard	NEG	2	i buy this keyboard to be use with the logitech marathon m705 mouse , use its unifying usb transceiver . the problem i have be that it do not come with a software for set up the keyboard , like the one that be available for the mouse . from logitech , i could download the control center that be suppose to work with the mouse m705 and `` any '' other device unifying compatible . i be able to configure the mouse , but the keyboard be just not there . it be certainly recognize as a keyboard , and i be able to use it , but the software do not recognize it as the logitech k350 . the keyboard come with a cd that have the software , but be only available for windows xp , vista , and 7 . i expect a mac version , since the review table list on this item 's page show mac compatible ! i expect at least that logitech make available the proper software to be download from they web site .
962	Keyboard	NEG	1	right after open the box i have discover that the function key -lrb- fn -rrb- be stick down when it be press . terrible quality control be obvious . i should have read the negative review first . other people apparently have the same problem . i doubt i will ever buy another razer product again . i have since contact support . they be go to ship i out a new fn key . this should not even be necessary .
899	Keyboard	NEG	1	i choose this keyboard primarily because i have be use ibm\/lenovo laptop for over 10 year , and the spring mechanism of this keyboard have a tactile feel very similar to these laptop . however , the similarity stop here . lenovo keyboard be spill-resistant -lrb- some even have a fluid drain -rrb- , and be very easy to maintain . if any drink fall on the keyboard -lrb- which be unavoidable -rrb- , it be easy to remove the key and clean the spring , or even replace the mechanical key subsystem . in the case of this keyboard , by explicit admission of logitech 's written support , it be very hard to remove key . should one key get slightly damage , replacement key be not available . as it happen , i do imperceptible damange one of the key and make the keyboard unusable . for $ 100 -lrb- a premium price for a commodity product -rrb- , i would expect a more maintainable product . overall , very disappointed . i will not probably buy more logitech keyboard in the future .
810	Keyboard	NEG	2	i get my edge keyboard use over two year ago . at that time , the battery charge would last a few day , and this have hold up - still go 4-5 day on a charge , which work fine for i , although much less than advertise . -lrb- since the keyboard be brick when the battery die , i consider myself lucky -rrb- . the bluetooth have synce reliably with my imac . i have like the keypad operation . the trackpad be nice , but its button be not ergonomically located . i find i use my wacom tablet for most drawing and drag operation , which my hand can not do reliably with the trackpad and its button . that be a annoyance . unfortunately , i just lose a key . for a couple of day the ` six ' key would appear to stick and start enter endless ` six ' . now i can not get it to work at all , although sometimes a ` six ' will pop up when press the a key . i can use the edge until i get a new keyboard , but have to copy and paste ` six 's . so my edge have reach end-of-life , a shame since i have another old trackpad keyboard -lrb- not logitech -rrb- that have behave flawlessly for 15 year . i have enjoy my year with the edge , but could only recommend it to someone who will be happy with a life span of ~ 3 year and a somewhat awkward trackpad operation . the non-replaceable battery and early breakdown tell i logitech consider this keyboard as a disposable item from the earliest design phase . i can not bring myself to buy another , although i be a fan of other logitech product .
135	Keyboard	NEG	2	the keyboard be okay , but the case leave much to be desire . it just have a clip on each side which do not get very tight . you have to be very careful when you pick it up , or you pad will slide out . if you intend to keep it stationary , it be okay , but not good for portability . i get another case , a leather one without the keyboard where the pad it encase , and i love it . i just use the virtual keyboard . this one be collect dust .
869	Keyboard	NEG	2	i buy this because i have the -lrb- terrible -rrb- habit of eat while i use my laptop , since i be a university student and always use my laptop for study or entertainment , which basically describe my waking hour . i want to keep food and grease out of the key . it work pretty great for that purpose , but after a while i notice that my laptop be run way hotter than usual , at least twice the normal temperature , even when it be idle -lrb- it be almost hot enough to burn skin on contact -rrb- . i have hear that some of the intake for the cooling fan come from the keyboard , because of the macbook pro 's unibody design . i think that must be true , because as soon as i remove the keyboard cover , the laptop cool back down , the cover , since it be translucent , also nullify the feature of keyboard backlight and cap lock light , so if you use those feature , avoid this product . also , the cover leave a gross sticky residue on the key that be really hard to get off , and it leave a imprint on the screen as well . if you have a specific reason you need to keep stuff off or out of you keyboard , this might be a good idea , but otherwise it be not worth it , and you should be careful that you laptop do not overheat while you be use this .
733	Keyboard	NEG	1	i be still wait for this product , i can not believe it !!! i never get it !! i know it be ship from china but 4 month be way to much !!
