index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
262	Dumbbell	POS	5	i be unsure about purchase this product because of review and other comment . i go ahead and take a leap of faith . glad i do , this really work if you use it correctly . there be a lot of confusion out there that this item run on battery power ... this be not true !! you have to use you energy and muscle to make this work . it take awhile to work up to the full 6 minute , dont give up . i start out in 30 second interval until i could work myself up to minute . i could tell a difference in my arm within a couple week ... still have a while to go but between this item and the resistance band i feel like i be get a really nice workout on my arm .
446	Dumbbell	POS	4	first , to be clear , this be not a replacement for a normal total body workout . this will not replace weight or body weight exercise . it be , however , a essential piece of equipment for anyone who be serious about fitness . i be not kid , read on . first , let i qualify myself . i be 23 , 6 ' 2 '' , 190lb , ~ 10 % body fat . i work out a fair amount because i enjoy it . i have be a body weight guy my whole life : pullup , pushup , situp , and run . in the last two year i have incorporate a olympic routine once a week for my lower body and a basic upper body weight routine once a week . normally , at the end of either a pushup\/pullup routine or a upper body weight routine i do what be call `` flutter '' -lrb- google it -rrb- to really make sure that my muscle be throughly fry . normally , this would consist of do a lot of minus pushup or pullup -lrb- ~ 1 '' range of motion -rrb- , maybe 100 reps. here be where the shake weight come in . i still do my flutter but now i add a four minute session with the shake weight . i do one minute on each arm , one minute in front of my chest , and one minute above my head -lrb- watch the video on youtube to see what i be talk about -rrb- . by the end i be totally fry . i have be use it for about a week now so i can not say anything definitive about result but i be sure it will help i progress . in summary , the shake weight be a excellent supplemental tool for anyone who be serious about fitness .
547	Dumbbell	POS	5	i absolutely love these dumbbell . the ease of use be incredible and the ability to change small increment in weight and not have weight all over the place be great . right now i be do some circuit type training that require you to move from one exercise to another with a very short break , these make it easy . i can finish a exercise , change both these from one weight to another and get they in position for the next exercise in under a minute , easily . i have have no problem at all with the quality and use . you do need to make sure the pin be fully seat and both side be under the same weight as many have state but it be no extra effort , just pay attention and make sure the pin come all the way through when you push it in . they be easier to change on a hard surface , if you use a carpeted floor it help to lift one side to change the pin . only negative i can come up with , these do not expand into a heavier set so you may grow out of this set . so think that through carefully as you may save $ $ in the long run by buy the next set up to begin with .
954	Dumbbell	POS	5	i receive this stand free with my dumbell . the stand be well build and be a usefull addition to my work out room . the stand be easy to assemble . so easy that my 14 year old child assemble it with out my help in less time than it take for i to take a shower . the only thing i would like to see different on this stand be i would like it to be about 10 inch taller . i be over 6 foot and the stand while still very usable be a bit on the short side . it should be the perfect size if you be in the 5 foot range . still be a bit shour it be much better than store the weight on the floor . the wheel make it nice to move it around when i want to vacuum or just have it out of the way .
71	Dumbbell	POS	4	pro : very compact design work well , and seem to be high quality change weight be easier than you might think con : plate sometimes get stick together if you select they improperly once
6	Dumbbell	POS	5	i recive the item on time and in exelent condition -lrb- brand new -rrb- . i recoment highly .
967	Dumbbell	POS	5	i do quite a bit of product research and decide to order the rack . read several good review . i be very pleased when the rack arrive . assembly be straight forward and take about 30 minute . appear to be well build , good metal , and good weld . very stable and handle the weight . excellent buy consider the price and size .
855	Dumbbell	POS	4	in general , i think these dumbbell be great . however , they can be a bit dangerous if you do not do a safety check . for example , if you be not pay attention you can insert the pin at a angle . this create a possiblity that a plate can come loose and hit you . also , you can accidentally put the pin mechanism upside down , this create the possiblity of a accident too . i like that there be a back up system of a elastic cord and magnet hold the pin mechanism in place . i have find there be only a real danger on certain exercise and only if you do not follow the instruction . even then the odds be small anything will happen , but it be something i want to warn people about because i have have some near miss . i find the smaller version of these be better than the larger version . the large version can be cumbersome and a bit long for some exercise . however , i agree with the other review you can comfortably do a variety of exercise and the trade-off in term of a slightly smaller range of motion on some particular exercise be not a big deal . for example , for upright row i tend to prefer a short curling bar ... ditto for overhead triceps extention . however , use one dumbbell with two hand be possible and quite comfortable . this be a solid well make product . i have own mine for about a year and i think they be great . over time , there can be a issue with friction between the plate , but i very thin layer of lubricant can help . for most people , this will only have to be do infrequently .
852	Dumbbell	POS	5	i do not think this can replace work out but i do believe it compliment a workout very well . that be say i goof around with the female version of it for a few minute when i buy it for my wife and my arm be sore the next day , you can definitely feel the pump if you use it the right way . i be definitely go to order the male version of this . again it will not replace work out but it be a definite plus to add to a exist routine ... bring out that much more muscle definition that you just can not get on you own !!!  shake weight dumbbell
301	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have get the shake weight for man and i absolutely love it . i use it every day and i actually feel sore after use if for about 10 minute . i can see some definition start to come in my arm that i have never see before . obviously it look a little strange but if you have not try it already then i recommend you do !
578	Dumbbell	POS	5	i be skeptical at first , like everyone else . if you use it for 10 minute a day or even less than that , it definitely tone you arm . after read the review , i still be not sure about purchase it because i have be athletic all my life . its great for tone and it sit right next to my ab ball and medicine ball wait to be use each day . easy to use . the dvd include be simple and lack the corniness of typical workout video . definitely surprise . try it . what be the worst that could happen ?!
626	Dumbbell	POS	5	after read some of the review , i be concern that put this together would be a pain , but i enter cautiously , make sure to keep the 2.5 inch bolt separate from the 2.75 inch bolt and the 3 inch bolt , then just follow the direction make sure to use the correct piece . construction really take only about 45 minute . i be one who usually do not follow direction during assembly , or at least use they as a last resort , but after read the review , i decide to follow they this time and construction be a breeze . do not let the other review scare you away . now for the stand ... very solid , perfect height . you do not want to have to pick 50 pound off the floor , so these stand be essential to save you back . i be tall -lrb- 6 ' 3 '' -rrb- , and the height be perfect . i have no worry that the stand will last forever . the weight be awesome too ! if you be serious about work out , invest in this and you will not regret it .
724	Dumbbell	POS	5	i buy 2 of they . i do not have any problem . they be cute , and work for i . i like they .
729	Dumbbell	POS	4	it do what it say its suppose to do , but it have a very plasticy feel to it . not bad just weak . free weight be a better option . and lastly it do make for a good workout . it take a lot of energy to move that thing
397	Dumbbell	POS	4	i like the powerblock and they change fairly easy . sometimes you can get the pin crossway but it be not hard to correct . i also have the bowflex 52.5 lb . and think they be the best on the market . the question will be how much do you want to spend and how much weight do you need . this product work fine and i would recommend it but the bowflex dumbell be the best . this product be smaller and better for someone not need the extra weight of the bigger dumbell .
915	Dumbbell	POS	5	ok , for starter i be a 22 year old in the military . i work out every single day . i can do 60 pushup and situp in a minute and over 30 consecutive pullup . as for olympic training i be in the gym three time a week . i have to admit when i first see this product on tv all of my buddy and myself hock at it . it look like you be work out to perform oral on someone . in fact , the day i buy it in best buy i stand there for ten minute debate whether or not i should pick it up , for fear that i might be see walk from the store with it . i begin use this product in january and now month later i can say that i be highly mistaken . initially someone who perform rigorous training on a daily basis might scoff at a product like this , but do not be too quick to judge . i use this nearly every day for the past 4 month and i be see result that i do not think i would see . it do get easier to use after a extended period of time , but it be perfect for when you be sit on the couch and you feel the urge to be active . there be cut all throughout my arm and the outer portion of my chest have even bulk up a bit . if you be the type that will just drop a workout after a couple of day , then do not know waste you money . however , if you can remember to do this every day and build the pattern into you life , you will be throughly impressed . guy do not be turn off by the image it portray of you , i assure you the image you will be cast will be much better after a couple month of use . i have never be a big guy but this thing have add muscle in place that have be difficult to gain and i be not the guy i be before use it . many people have make remark about the definition in my arm , most of which can be attribute to this product . again , if you want another weapon in you arsenal against obesity this may not be it , but it will help the guy who do not have much fat and the definition gain will be see very clearly . i highly recommend this product , just make sure to apply yourself on a daily basis just like any other workout . good luck , get fit !
533	Dumbbell	POS	5	i be just start out with free weight . i have no coordination hence cant lift weight and cant dance . so i get these to practice at home till i get better so i dont look like a idiot at the gym . they work ! i love they . they be a bear to change out to add or subtract weight and the bar be a bit small . but i will get over it . especially since i spend like 38 buck i think . definitely worth it for i . if you all hard core weight and weight lifting might want to get something nicer than this though .
593	Dumbbell	POS	4	i really like the sportsblock dumbbell . they be easy to switch from 3 - 24 lb . i really like that they take up so little storage room . i have be use they with the jorge cruze 12 second workout dvd and they work great .
240	Dumbbell	POS	4	good product . easy use . take up little space . the vendor have a great deal of difficulty get this product to i and i have to do some prodding to get a response from they . but once i do make contact , they be helpful and appropriately apologetic . recommend this product but would do some more research on the vendor .
713	Dumbbell	POS	5	this rack work perfectly for my hex dumbbell from 20-50lbs . the smaller weight do not fit as well but since they be lighter , i be not that concern with pinch a finger between the weight and the rack .
774	Dumbbell	POS	5	the product really work , especially for my biceps , triceps , trap , and deltoid . i feel the burn in my core and chest as well , but the workout seem to work better for support muscle .
596	Dumbbell	POS	4	i can definitely feel a difference in the tightness of my arm muscle , particularly the biceps . two people have also mention that my arm be look great ! if you do buy this product , be sure and read direction and follow they , or view the video first . if you do not feel the burn , you be not do it correctly !
502	Dumbbell	POS	4	i be impressed . . so far these seem to be rather solid , i be 6 ' 2 '' 270 and lift thing up , and put they down . i be surprise by how durable , and easy they be to assemble ... if this be a little higher i would be much happier , that be the only reason i be give it four star instead of five . overall great product and i be happy i purchase it along with my 1090 .
708	Dumbbell	POS	5	you first impression be that this be a gimmick . but my brother get one , and like it , and i read the amazon review before order . watch the quick video and do the six minute workout . i be a construction worker and do dirt biking on the weekend . i be use to strain but not totally buff . it be hard to come back from work and think about work out sometimes . thought , at least i could squeeze in a workout , even while watch a movie . the six minute workout be great and i could really feel it the next day . you can pretty much do this workout anywhere and at anytime . anyone can handle six minute of strain . i be totally convince that this will keep you tone if you keep up with the workout . you may even get buff if you do extend workout .
698	Dumbbell	POS	4	i look at several dumbbell rack on amazon and finally decide to go with the apex 3 tier . very happy with this product . as many item i have receive from amazon , the box be destroy . not sure what go on at they facility but they be hard on some cardboard ! regardless , all the item need to assemble the rack -lrb- nuts\/bolts -rrb- be in the box and i put it together in about 10 minute . this thing be very well build and extremely sturdy . i have dumbbell pair include 15 , 20 , 25 , 30 , 35 , 40 , and 50 pound on this rack . i would have give this rack a 5 star rating if they have make it about 4 inch wider because i could have stack my 45 and 60 pounder on it as well . regardless , great product . it be like sit you dumbbell on a concrete floor except now i do not have to bend over and pick they up .
483	Dumbbell	POS	5	not a full workout on its own , but this be a fun , quick addition to a exist routine . the dvd routine it come with only take about 5 minute to do , which mean even a couch potato can run through it several time a day , during a commercial break , while wait for that big file to download , or the coffee to finish brewing . the quick workout also mean there be no excuse . even if you be run a bit late in the morning ... what be 5 minute more ? forgot , and it be bedtime ? so what ? it 'll only take 5 minute . i keep mine at hand at make a point of use it in spare moment . it have the disadvantage of only come in the one weight , but there be a little compensation in that the intensity of the exercise be affect by the rate at which you shake it . a gentle shake provide a gentle workout , and more vigorous shake give a little tougher workout . not for those look for a real workout , but well worth it for a little boost to a exist workout , or for woman look for a little extra toning .
711	Dumbbell	POS	5	ok , here be the truth as i have no agenda to either endorse or kill this product : i allow myself to get a bit out of shape and as i have finally turn the corner and make marked improvement in my diet and physique , i notice that my upper arm be flabby , and i allow they to become weak . i be skeptical of this product , but i decide to give it a try . when i do the first 6 minute workout , i manage to breeze through it , and i foolishly believe i be in better shape than i think . the next day however prove i wrong , as i find the repetition of the routine actually become harder . i also discover that i do indeed have a weak arm which could not match the other . i feel the burn and fatique after the 6 minute exercise program each time i do it . but then , by week three , i find myself do the 6 minute program 2 or 3 time a day , and though i be still not breeze through it as i do on day 1 , i be manage to complete the entire program . i also be do some add rep on my weak arm and i have manage to balance the two . now , after a month i be not go to say that i be suddenly rip , of course not , but i do notice something . at a moment when i be simply soap my upper arm , i discoverd that they be more `` solid '' and `` tight '' than they be a few short week prior . let 's face it , you know you own body , so when you discover a change , without even consciously look for one , you become a bit startled . well , i be , and realize that there be some definite toning to my arm . i be also move the shake weight harder than i be thus increase my strength , and try new routine . so , have the product now for about two month , i continue my three 6 minute a day routine and be feel much better do it . i have find that it be a great motivator and one of the few weight regimen that be not boring . after all , if you can not spare at least 6 minute of you day do this program , then what do you want to do ? highly recommend ... ... .
766	Dumbbell	POS	5	it work well , first time when i get the expensive weight set . couple month later , i think about my money not to waste on my health . so i deceide to find something that work and fast also cheaper !
238	Dumbbell	POS	5	came in box with hardware neatly place in shrinkwrap attach to card . no miss part . put together with one 5\/8 inch socket wrench -lrb- for each of the 12 bolt with nut\/washer pair , and one rubber mallet -lrb- tap on each of 4 rubber foot -rrb- . take ten minute . item be make well . large metal piece each neatly tape in bubble wrap . sturdy and attractive ! i have , besides a few regular dumbell , the bowflex selecttech system , and each dumbbell sit on a flat base . i be go to place , on the top row of this rack , each selecttech base longwise -lrb- parallel -rrb- and wrap a 2 foot -lrb- actually about 22 inch -rrb- velcro strap to hold each base tightly . this apex rack will allow i to store the selecttech dumbbell as well as all my soloflex strap and several other dumbbell for less than the cost of , and in a more space-efficent way , than the awkwardly design overpriced behemoth selecttech rack that cost about $ 150 . total first rate bargain ; very satisfied customer !
801	Dumbbell	POS	5	i be so glad i read the review and buy these . i be a new lifter and the 3lb increment be great ! they be easy to use and surprisingly i like the shape as oppose to round . as a female who be life to get into shape i do not think i would ever need anything heavier and they take up little to no room in my apt . the price be right too ! love they , love they , love they ! i never like a product so much that i want to review it but the other review be what help i decide so i want to help too !
284	Dumbbell	POS	4	i like these dumbbell a lot , in fact , i believe they be the best and safest adjustable dumbbell on the market . however , they be not without some drawback and risk . for example , it be very important that the pin assembly in place through the hole straight and not upside down . if you do not check this , it be possible a plate can break loose . there be a backup elastic strap that will protect you in most exercise , but not all . overall , these dumbbell be comfortable and more compact than the round type for a give weight range across the same number of increment . they be not awkward to lift , but as you go to larger set , it become difficult to get a full range of motion for some exercise such as upright row because of they length . the smallest set of this type be in my opinion the best and most convenient . if you go beyond this range , you can add additional dummbell as you need they or get a upgrade kit . however , i like these less as they get bigger . in general , i wholeheartedly recommend this product and the stand that come with it . if you make pin adjustment on the floor , especially on carpet , it be more likely you will make a error in pin placement that could cause a injury . if you circuit train with very little rest between set , these be a must have and i also find they be great for use on a stability ball to simultaneously hit the core muscle .
668	Dumbbell	POS	5	i be skeptical about this purchase , but this product give i as much as i can handle when exercise my arm , and shoulder . you can increase the work out intensity easily by simply increase the frequency or by shake harder .
630	Dumbbell	POS	5	i manage a condo and need a rack to get the free weight of the floor . this do the job ! it be strong , relatively easy to put together and the price be excellent . we fitness room be pretty small and this take up minimal space . the only complaint i have be the rubber foot thing be a pain to get in do not seem to fit very well . luckily there be a few hundred lb on it . i do not think it be go anywhere !
26	Dumbbell	POS	4	these work well for a quick workout when i can not make it to the fitness club . one of the box 's of the 25 lb dumbbell be almost break in half when i receive it but the weight appear undamaged . good quality , and i just end keep the wrapper around the handle because it feel like the grip be sandpapery without glove -- not that i ever use lift glove anyway , but the wrap make they feel comfortable .
181	Dumbbell	POS	5	of course if you have the bowflex dumbbells , you must have the rack . it be on wheel so you can roll it to where ever you need it and you do not have to break you back to pick up the weight !
167	Dumbbell	POS	4	i have stop use it for about a month so have not see a lot of result , however that be my own fault . use it morning and evening however it add a little burn that normally help tone muscle . i like it so far , do feel a little awkward use it , however two friend have use it and admit it do add to the work out
609	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a excellent product if you want to feel you muscle burn in you arm and upper body in a very short time . you have to learn to not grip the shakeweight tightly . just let it rest on you palm and shake . there be not that many position for hold it . but then how many different way can you hold and move a dumbbellt ? so start shake and count to 30 . if you can get to 30 in each position , you be do pretty well . if you can count longer , you have get really strong arm . when you hold the shakeweight in front of you parallel to you body with both hand , you actually work you entire body include you leg since you be shake you entire body . enjoy it ! the shakeweight be definitely a excellent product and worth the price . and you can feel the heat in you arm for quite some time after you complete you set . it pump you up .
556	Dumbbell	POS	4	the shaker weight look easy but it be not ... i have be work out for year and this thing can `` kick you butt '' i have see some improve on my triceps ... the jury be still out if i would `` totally '' recommend it . follow the instruction or it will not do a thing ... . .
683	Dumbbell	POS	5	excellent product - i love to workout and now have some additional piece of workout gear . excellent quality and identical to those use by most gym i have be to .
773	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have only be use the shake weight for a few day , but i can already tell it be work . i can feel a really good burn in my arm and shoulder while i be do the 6 minute dvd , which tell i i be work muscle that i do not usually use . the dvd that come with it go so fast and the instructor keep you motivate to keep go . ca not wait to see the result i can already feel !
629	Dumbbell	POS	4	i recently have a serious back surgery and i be always look for new thing to keep i motivated exercise as it be very important for i to avoid further back problem . the novelty aspect of shake weight dumbbell attract my attention . this weight be a molded plastic handle with a spring at each end that compress and extend as you shake it back and forth . i like they because they add a bit of variety to my exercise routine . however , they be not provide a harder workout or burn more calorie than the traditional weight . a recent consumer report -lrb- july 2011 -rrb- do electrocardiographic study to judge how effective the shake weight system be and find that it be not any better than traditional weight . it do not not mean you should not use these weight , the study just clarify that it be not a magic bullet . any resistance exercise build strength and any movement build calorie , and so do shake weight system . if the novelty of shake weight get you exercise it do its job !
887	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a good addition for the selecttech dumbbell and bench . the quality be good but some of the bolt in the seat be at a difficult angle to install . the fit and finish be good but there be a small sharp bump at one of the soldered joint ; that be easily fix with the blunt tip of a pair of pliers . the instruction be easy to follow and the stand feel solid . the castor wheel do not have to be use but be a nice option to have . i would recommend it .
143	Dumbbell	POS	4	weight be great . the bench that i get with they be a serious pain to build . the mechanism for the weight be also a little tight but will loosen with usage .
134	Dumbbell	POS	4	the stand for these weight keep they out of the way and easier to store . the weight have a soft coating so you will not get callus . i buy these to supplement a barre video and they be the perfect series or 2lb , 3lb and 5lb for the workout
897	Dumbbell	POS	5	i buy this thing yesterday and use it right away . it look really stupid to use it , but that be what door be for ... privacy . anyway , i notice right away that this thing would work . there be 3 basic exercise : the double-front hand , single hand side , and behind the head . for each exercise you hold it in the correct position and shake it from one end of the dumbell to another until you can not shake it anymore . i do 3 set of each exercise , and my muscle be still burn half a hour later , which be how you can tell if you get a good workout . it isolate the muscle extremely well . it advertise that you can get a great workout in 6 minute , but 15 minute be more desirable because it get you heart rate up longer . it be well-built and durable , but like anything else the better you take care of it the longer it will last . it be lighter than i think it would be , but feel much heavier as you use it . one very important thing be ... use it correctly . there be a dvd and a diagram of how to use it and use it correctly make a big difference . i be very happy with this because i love work out , but i have middle back problem . the shake weight do not bother my back at all , but still give my arm , shoulder , chest and back a great workout . it be exactly what i need . whoever invent this deserve a noble prize !
821	Dumbbell	POS	5	my arm be extremely flabby and i have not work out in a long time . i have start use the shake weight every morning and it be hard . my arm be sore from the 6 minute video . i can not wait to see the result . i doubt this will work for people that already regularly lift weight .
129	Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a great product - quality and value be superb . just a bit `` bulky '' , but better than have 200 dumbbell in you home . the only `` imperfection '' be that you have to be careful not to hit yourself in the face with the corner . i do not hit , but you do have to be mindful when you do maneuver around you head .
890	Dumbbell	POS	5	theres so many joke about this thing that why its so big in the market give it a good rating cause it work like it should if you use it right . for the people who work out use it to warm up then regular work out in between rep use the shake weight wooooww what a difference it will make to you body !!!!
499	Dumbbell	POS	5	really great product . i buy both the men and lady dumbbell . notice a difference in about a week and a half . i have to use the lady dumbbell for the left arm exercise for about the first week , good that i buy they both . it have be all uphill from there . these work !!! almost forget , buy the lady for my wife , she love it .
680	Dumbbell	POS	4	this weight be more for tone muscle then build it . yet it be still quite a work out have to provide the shake of the weight , between this and lift heavier weight should help define you arm , chest , back , shoulder and neck . well construct , and something different to add to a routine since it can be use seat , stand with one arm or two in a variety of different position .
356	Dumbbell	POS	5	the weight do not slip out of my hand during my workout , and they arrive quickly . there be no weird oily residue like i have find with other coated weight and they be coat so i do not have to worry about rust or metal scratch my floor .
731	Dumbbell	POS	5	5 star hand down this be super easy to put together only 1 step . come with everything in the pic definitly worth the price and come on time . ive have it about a month and a half and use it almost every day
437	Dumbbell	POS	5	if you have the selecttech dumbbell i highly recommend obtain the stand . my main reason be to eliminate possible lower back injury : this stand place the weight at the perfect height -lrb- i be 6 ' 0 '' -rrb- . finally , do not listen to any of the other review concern the assembly process ; if you read the instruction and lay out the component assembly should only take about half a hour .
476	Dumbbell	POS	5	buy these after begin p90x . they be perfect for program such as p90x because you do so many different exercise during the workout , that you absolutely must have the ability to quickly change weight . the weight themselves be build solid and will last a long time . the simple selector pin setup be very easy to use , and make add or reduce weight a 5 second event to change both dumbbell . the weight themselves look a bit bulky and clumsy since they be square\/rectangular shaped , however they be anything but . i would recommend these weight to anybody that be look for a reliable set of adjustable dumbbell . i originally be go to purchase the bowflex brand , until i read too many review from people say that the plastic lock mechanism break on theirs at least once and be not the cheapest thing to replace . the only thing on the powerblocks that can really fail would be the selector pin , but its a simple piece of heavy duty plastic . i dont foresee it break anytime soon either ... a one sentence synopsis of the powerblock ? `` a simple , functional , solidly build set of weight that will not dissapoint '' .
125	Dumbbell	POS	5	a true must-have for the bowflex selecttech weight - save you back , let you roll they away into storage , and be especially useful when you want to change weight quickly ! instruction be really very simple , but get the screw tighten require some sweat .
93	Dumbbell	POS	5	read through all of the review both good and bad . the good be this be a extremely durable and stable rack . it be build solid and hold what it be design to hold . hexagon dumbbell pair be arrange as follow : top rack , 20-25-30 , middle rack , 35-40-45 , bottom rack , 50-55 and a single adjustable dumbell with 60 lb on it . feel sturdy with all this weight -lrb- ~ 660 lb -rrb- and have be in service for a few month now . i decide to put my lighter weight -lrb- 5 , 8 , 10 , and 15 on a small and much cheaper make gold 's gym christmas tree rack from walmart . agree with some of the packaging issue be sub-par . one of the sticker on the rack be all chew up from shift around but not really a bother to i . overall , i be very pleased for the price .
696	Dumbbell	POS	4	first off - get some adjustable dumbbell . they be well worth the investment . these powerblock adjustable dumbbell be the only adjustable dumbbell i have use or own , and i love they . they be incredibly easy to use and adjust - it only take a couple seconds per dumbbell . even when my arm be dead tired , i can still guide they back into place easily and change the weight - something that might not work quite so well on other dumbbell . the size of the dumbbell be decent . they be bigger than standard dumbbell , but they have not hinder any of my exercise . i do many different exercise and so far these have not cause any issue for any of they . i think it might become more of a issue with a set that go higher than 45 as the dumbbell would get even longer as more weight be add base on the design . the only problem i have have with these be a very slight one - sometimes the weight below what be select stick . that be , you may set it to 15lb , but the next weight below it may be `` stick '' to it on one side or the other for some reason when you go to lift it out - you just have to wiggle it a bit and\/or hold down the weight that be not suppose to be come up as you lift the dumbbell initially . this do not happen often , and it be such a slight issue that it be hardly worth mention . i believe powerblock also recently -lrb- at the time of this review -rrb- come out with some that be very similar to this although slightly curve on the edge . i think those might look a little better cosmetically , as these be just square block . nevertheless , these work perfectly and still do not look too bad either . overall , get some adjustable weight . this be a great set , but if you choose not to get this set , at least get some set -lrb- with good review , of course -rrb- - adjustable dumbbell be just so much easier and more affordable - especially if you do not have a huge exercise room where you can line all the weight up -lrb- if this be the case , and you have lot of money , perhaps just get standard weight to avoid the slight time it take to adjust they -rrb-
285	Dumbbell	POS	4	i wish i could give star in half ; this product would get a solid 4.5 from i . round up to a 5 would mean folk who be not take the time to read the review might assume that there be really no room for improvement , but there be . after read this review you might think i work for powerblock or something , but i do not . when you be spend between $ 150-400 on a set of `` high performance '' adjustable dumbbell , apply a bit of logic can go a long way for you satisfaction and safety . \*\*\* area that could use improvement \*\*\* to help counteract the perceive bias i might have , i be gonna try something different ; i be go to start with the con of the powerblocks . 1 . the magnet in the selector pin could be stronger . as a safety measure , there be magnet in the pin that hold it against the bar on the side of the weight stack , reduce the chance of it slip out during a exercise . this make a lot of sense , but the magnet be pretty weak . during some pretty basic exercise the magnet will come lose and lose they hold . now do not get freak out -- it be not like the pin fly out and it be scary to work out -lrb- there be a elastic band act as a backup safety also -rrb- . i be talk like millimeter here ; i can see that the pin have move just enough where you can tell the magnet be not hold . rather than a whole bunch of cheap magnet within the pin , two small high-quality earth magnet would give a better hold while still be pretty easy to remove . 2 . the weight selection process can be a bit finicky on carpet or non-flat surface . because there may be a bit of shift in the weight stack on carpet , sometimes it be tricky to stick the weight pin in correctly . i recommend leave these weight on a hard surface while in use , or better yet get the sport tray\/stand to accompany they . 3 . the pin can be put in crooked across two different weight . if you be not pay attention -lrb- and you should be ! -rrb- , it be somewhat easy to put the pin in crooked so that it cross two weight . you will probably notice this right away when you go to pick up the weight , and it be not that big of deal since the pin still hold onto the heavier weight , but possibly re-engineer the pin shape or something could help prevent this entirely . \*\*\*\* powerblock vs. the competition \*\*\*\* okay , now here be the part where you assume i work for powerblock . let i say that this set of dumbbell -lrb- and the powerblock line in general -rrb- be a much better choice than the selecttech -lrb- st -rrb- . while compare these 24-pounder to the 52 pound selecttech 's be not really fair simply for weight comparison reason , i want to point out why i think this line be vastly superior : 1 . the  bowflex selecttech 552 dumbbell  and by the way , they be wide -- about 16 '' each . imagine do curl with 5 pound per hand and need thirty two inch across to do it -- make for a uncomfortable curl , especially for narrower people . the powerblocks -lrb- pbs -rrb- , on the other hand , be narrower and more compact the less weight you add . all the stuff you do not need be leave on the floor , not in you hand . 2 . the st require you to turn two dial to appropriate number on each dumbbell . there be 15 different weight setting on the st , so what if you next weight be on the opposite side of the dial ? that be right , it will require eight click per side of each dumbbell to pick up the new weight . that mean it take between 4 -lrb- minimum -rrb- and 32 -lrb- maximum -rrb- click of the dial to change weight each time . and you can not just flick the dial , either . the pbs , on the other hand , require two move no matter what weight you be select : pull the pin out , put the pin in . period . 3 . the st , while far `` cooler '' look , have a lot of plastic on they . pick a set up at you local sports authority and see if you can tell how the weigh selector mechanism work . then , consider how durable -lrb- and potentially unsafe -rrb- you think you $ 400 weight would be if you drop they . the pb be mostly metal , with the inner handle be the only thing that contain plastic , and it be not cheapo plastic either . if you drop they , i be guess they would hold up fine , although i would not recommend it . 4 . with the st you have to have the base to set the handle back into due to the design of the product . if you do not have a tray to hold all the weight that be leave behind , it would be a nightmare to put the handle back together and try and switch to another weight . in fact , i would like to see someone try = -rrb- the pb be self-contained , so they work fine without the stand . the weight that you do not pick up stay in a compact stack that will not move . \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* conclusion and summary \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\* aside from those gripe , i really enjoy these powerblocks . in fact , i grow out of they and trade up to the sport 9.0 model -lrb- which i will review separately -rrb- . if 24 pound per arm be enough for you routine , it be a absolute no-brainer to pick these guy up . note that amazon have build in the shipping cost to the price of these dumbbell . -lrb- edit 5\/25\/2012 : i notice today that amazon be no longer include the shipping price in the cost . for 150 ship free , these be a great deal ! -rrb- pro + much more compact than the competition + quick weight change to any weight + well built\/durable + great price on the lower weight set -lrb- if 24 be all you need -rrb- con - magnet in pin could be stronger - do not work quite as well on carpet - possible to put the pin in crooked if you be not pay attention
32	Dumbbell	POS	5	a much need addition to anyone look to purchase bowflex selecttech 552 dumbbell - will definitely save you back ! fairly easy to put together and very sturdy once assemble .
604	Dumbbell	POS	4	the original set be very difficult to use , the weight stick together and i have to pry they apart . i discover that one of the weight be completely bent which be why that one be soooo hard to use . i call sport block and they send i new weight and pay to have the old one return to they . they make the return hassle-free which i really appreciate and the new weight work perfectly , the weight do not stick together at all . i do wish i have not have to go through the hassle of have they be so frustrating to use -lrb- before i have they replace . -rrb- i be very surprised there be not a better quality control system in place with the company , but at least they make it right and i be very happy with the weight now .
261	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have have my 50 lb powerblocks do p90x for over a year now with not one complaint . i have the selectech 50lb weight and after about three month the selecting mechanism start to seize on both ! for the price , the build , and simplicity , powerblocks be the only multi-barbell i recommend !
351	Dumbbell	POS	5	i really like these weight . you do have to press the handle down to change the weight on carpet , but i 'll take that over have multiple set of weight that take up 5x the space any day . i have not have problem with the pins\/magnets that other have mention and i have be use they for several week .
214	Dumbbell	POS	5	rack be just what i need . it be sturdy and hold a set of dumbbell nicely . it be small enough to not take up a lot of room but still big enough to do the job .
225	Dumbbell	POS	4	safety be the key when purchase gym equipment . never consider price over safety . 1 . the quality be great . paint steel look amazing , and with the cool decal , look professional . 2 . it have a smaller footprint to take less romm in a personal gym . 3 . it hold we 5-50 pound dumbbell set , minus the 5 and 10 pound set very well . 4 . build time be 40 minute . the cross bar get bolt down to the main frame . nice corrosion treat hardware with locknut . 5 . price be stunning consider the other unit available . i recommend this for the beginner .
874	Dumbbell	POS	5	the unit work . shake weight for man . you must do the shake yourself . however the comercial be mislead . it look as though the unit be self drive . it be not .
47	Dumbbell	POS	5	this product look good with a charcoal hammer enamel finish . it assemble easily with no issue . its very sturdy and because the rack be slant front to back , its easy to access the weight . i like the three rack because it fit a full complement of dumbell with some room leave over for extra plate for a bench press . as a example , i have hexagonal dumbell , and my weight set-up be as follow : 5-8-10-15 lb pair on the top rack ; 20-25-30 lb pair on the middle rack ; and 35 lb on the lower rack along with my extra 5lb and 10 lb plate -lrb- which i make a simple holder for -rrb- .
790	Dumbbell	POS	4	thought there be some kind of battery in there that make it shake but nope . you get to do it all yourself .
329	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a christmas present for my son , and i have not give it to he yet , so i do not know what to tell you .
431	Dumbbell	POS	5	i purchase these to supplement my gym workout . i be very busy and some week i only get to gym 1 or 2 time per week . i also have a weekend home in the pocono that do not have a gym readily accessible . i have be use these for 2 week and they be very easy to use . the only issue i have with they be that it can be difficult to get clip onto correct ridge for weight selection but it be not overly annoying . the weight work well be balanced nicely and there be multiple way to hold they for various exercise . i have just purchase the bow flex weight bench to use with these because they be so nice that i would consider work out at home full time . another problem i have with these be try to find the weight plate to expand they to 90lb . i would appreciate if someone can send a link of where i can get they . enjoy these as they be really excellent
407	Dumbbell	POS	4	assembly be very simple . i see several rack with the same dumbbell capacity with a much higher list price so this be be a good value . plus , i finally get my dumbbell off the floor so my home gym look great !
154	Dumbbell	POS	4	powerblock personal \/ plus pro : solid , well construct , quick weight change design . selector pin never loosen or require mid work out tighten like other adjustable . although plate shift slightly when in motion i have never worry about the system fail . 10 year warranty , make in the usa . truly portable with no need for a cradle or stand . despite other user complaint the personal plus handle upgrade work fine for i . the weld plate be so thin you would have to have monster hand for this to be a issue . if you have ever look at these on auction site or classified , they really hold they value . con : plate do make a clanging noise when in motion . change plate when you be really fatigue can be a challenge if you do not get the selector pin exactly straight . do not expect a fancy work out dvd or exercise chart , you just get a black and white instruction manual . i suggest the laminated poster . put you hand into a rectangular box do take some get use to .
187	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a great product . change the weight amount if simple and and fast . this one piece allow my wife and i both to use the same equipment . of , amazon be always the place to get a great and fair price .
314	Dumbbell	POS	5	these be much cheaper at amazon than the alternative available at local store , and be essentially the same thing . i have somewhat large hand , and these feel comfortable to i . i will definitely buy more size in the future .
371	Dumbbell	POS	4	just as advertise ... do the job . great for hex dumbbell 20 lb . & up . the end on smaller dumbbell be not tall enough to rest in the cradle , so they just rest on the handle instead . this make it easy to smash a finger-if you be not careful-when put they on the stand .
589	Dumbbell	POS	5	we need a stand for we bowflex weight and this be perfect . we be worry about the assembly due to previous comment but it be amazingly simple if you follow the direction . this be not say that it be a quick assembly . it look good , do the job of hold the weight , and can be move easily . it be a very sturdy piece of equipment .
139	Dumbbell	POS	4	pro : - muscle ache and you heart pump enough after the six minute so i think it work - seem like it be relatively sturdy - cheap quick workout con : - make a weird clicky noise sometimes - at first it be really hard to get it move - use it be kind of weird -lrb- i mean hold it right and whatnot , it do not feel goofy or look goofy like everyone say it do ... and trust i i always say it look goofy until i try it -rrb- final thought : i think this would be a worthwhile investment and the pro definitely outweigh the con .
56	Dumbbell	POS	5	ok , i use to bike , run a little and dream about swimming . that be before get married and the kid . well , i have hit the age where they tell you you will lose 1 pound of muscle per year . thanks for all that . for i to work my upper body , i have push up bar , a assortment of 40 pound weight , some stretch cable - all of which i have not use for more than 3 year . i need a quick workout to maintain tone . i just open the package 10 minute ago and do the 3 exercise for about five minute . holy batman ! it work . maybe , it be because i use to work out a little when i be younger -lrb- muscle memory -rrb- . but the blood be back in those muscle , my pec , delt , lat , biceps and forearm . it be true that balanced workout work both side of the muscle . i could never do that with conventional weight or by do pushup . for a busy person - this be a quick way to maintain tone . highly recommend ! -lrb- note : not that i think only my opinion matter , but a lot of review seem to be sabotage review or fake complaint . this product would not have make it to market if it do not work , no matter how `` as see on tv . '' -rrb- thanks amazon , you make it so easy to buy . i want to work for amazon .
616	Dumbbell	POS	5	if you be look for a sturdy , easy to assemble , rack that will hold 6-8 pair of dummbell , this be a good one to buy . i have a small home gym and need just this size rack . in 30 minute i have this rack put together and it be very solid . for the price you can not beat it . i be a personal trainer and i have see a lot of equipment . this be a great buy , especially compare to some of the flimsy rack that be market for home use .
802	Dumbbell	POS	5	extremely satisfy with this dumbell rack ! easy to assemble , nice finish , and very functional ! build quality be excellent and should last a long time . the angled shelf design be great for access the weight , speciallly the heavier one . can accomodate 8 to 9-pair of dumbell , depend on size -- hold my set of 10 to 50 pound dumbell , in 5 pound increment , nicely . excellent value ! highly recommend !
180	Dumbbell	POS	5	the shake weight do what it claim . it do not take much , but the result be feel immediately . good for different exercise . i will get another . shake weight.com
337	Dumbbell	POS	4	this be a must if you do not have something to sit you dumbell on . it be very sturdy and have either roller wheel or stationary foot you can easily install . it really be quality construction and i be glad that i have it . i would have give it 5 star ... but the instruction on how to assemble it be brutal . it will not take a rocket scientist to do it , but it will take a little figure out -lrb- common sense -rrb- to know how to do a couple of thing like attach the strap to the base of the dumbell platform . be on the lookout for sale on this item . i order the 552 dumbell and the stand come with it free . i buy they through amazon.com .
457	Dumbbell	POS	5	i finally get permission from my wife to purchase this stand . i enjoy the fact that it have wheel and i can set the stand in front of the tv as i work out , and then effortlessly wheel it out of sight afterwards . it save my back , as i no longer need to pick up the dumbbell off the floor . i think the direction for put it together be adequate .
377	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have not own or use the shake weight for very long . but for the short time that i have use it , it seem to be work . look forward to that sculpt upper chest !
236	Dumbbell	POS	5	at first i be very skeptical . be in gym i say no way a little dumbbell can do all they claim . it do but the rip part that be good genetics . i have be work out over ten year i be no slouch but the shakweight be hard i have trouble do twenty seconds . some review say it be hard to get it shake that be the point if it be easy you muscle would get no challenge . i personally work out a hour and a half a day that be not for everyone but i do recommend additional exercise it be not a magic weight . but very good addition . try it i do and i be happy even with all the negativity .
723	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a excellent deal for the price and i get free shipping with amazon prime . i have be do p90x workout and start accumulate dumbbell weight in my garage . this rack be perfect for my weight . easy to assemble and very sturdy . i highly recommend it .
670	Dumbbell	POS	5	i buy the shake weight a week ago and already i be notice result ! i have more definition in my biceps . the 6 minute work out be really quick but i feel like i be get a way better arm workout than i would at the gym . i will continue to use this product !
136	Dumbbell	POS	4	the apex dumbbell rack be easy to assemble . the material be sturdy enough for most home dumbbell rack . the baked paint finish be consistent but may not wear well ; time will tell .
910	Dumbbell	POS	5	i just start the chalean extreme workout program and this set of dumbbell be perfect for the routine !! the weight be compact and easy to use . and the best part be they take up very little room in you home .
989	Dumbbell	POS	5	i read a few review about build this say it be tough , so i be wonder what i be get myself into . the instruction be a breeze , there be 3 different long screw , and as long as you place they next to each other , you can tell the size difference . it take i about 15 to 30 minute to build this with a 9\/16 '' ratchet wrench and the allen key they supply . make sure you have that wrench or a adjustable though . its pretty sturdy , i opt not to put the wheel on as i will not be move it at all . it alleviate tension off of you lower back and make it easier to place the 1090 dumbbell in there holder without mis-alligning of damage they . definitely recommend if you buy the 552 's or the 1090 's . i have see it online on amazon between $ 129.99 and $ 148.99 . i purchase it at $ 139.99 because i could not wait any longer .
228	Dumbbell	POS	5	i buy this after see it on tv . honestly , i be skeptical , just like all the other buyer of this product who give it good review . after receive this and try it out , i would say it work . it will not be a miracle product for everyone , you still have to put some effort into use it . although it do make you look silly , you can always do it in the privacy of you home . my only qualm about it be that it can be initially hard to use at first and can slightly painful for people with soft hand . nonetheless , i give it 5 star !
433	Dumbbell	POS	5	just receive and setup the apex 3 tier rack . it be a great rack for money , space saving , easy to setup and very sturdy if you follow the simple instruction . order it on tuesday it arrive on thursday . hold hex weight from 8lb to 40lb , 10 pair total . perfect fit .
348	Dumbbell	POS	5	i be not sure what happen to the instruction for many peoiple below , but we rack arrive within 2 day -lrb- i love amazon prime -rrb- and i build it last night in less than 30 minute . instruction be idiot simple -lrb- which be good for i ! -rrb- very clear , and all item be neatly package and lable -lrb- right and leave -rrb- . i use a 9\/16 ratchet and the supply allen wrnech and have everything button up very quickly and easily . i have to be honest , i continue to be blow away by the quality and construction of bowflex equipment . we now have a pay of dumbell , and a selectech bench and i have be amaze at how solid and good look everything be . i be a reasonably serious weekend warrior , and at 275 pound , i be not gentle on anything -lrb- treadmill , eliptical , bench -rrb- . i be certain the bowflex item we have add in the past few month will last a lifetime .
957	Dumbbell	POS	4	i be not sure if it be really do a ton of good but i continue to use it along with my regular weight . i think for some of the exercise you really need to be balanced , so have something in the other hand seem better to i . hopefully in the next couple of week i will see some result . i would recommend this product , but as i say have some thing in the other have be a plus .
256	Dumbbell	POS	5	ok , this product will not turn you into a rip muscle god but it really do work . my chest , back and arm be defiantly tone up since i have be use this . i use it once or twice a a day . the only other thing i do other then use the shake weight be sit up 's ! it really do work but you must use it daily to see result . also , it take about a month to start see result . i look forward to use the shake weight everyday !
688	Dumbbell	POS	4	take i a few minute to learn how to quickly change the weight and use the pin , but after that i be good to go !! i mean these be exactly what you need if you want a convenient set of dumbbell you can use with any workout program . i use these for p90x and have no complaint . you cant obviously use these to do `` every '' exercise because of the shape , but come on ... you have the flexibility to go from 5-45lb ! i just use band for exercise that require more wrist freedom . not a big deal at all !! so far i love these ! i would recommend they to anyone who be serious about get in shape at home or away from the gym !!
417	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have be work out every day with this weight for two week now and it absolutely , positively work . i have notice that the older woman in my family lose muscle tone in they shoulder and arm as they age and i decide i would try to do something to prevent that from happen to i . i can not believe how much this have do for my arm . i look absolutely ridiculous use it but i feel so much stronger and tone . i have injure my shoulder in the past -lrb- once do pilate on a reformer and once carry a luggage -rrb- and i have have absolutely no problem with the exercise on the video . this be the only piece of equipment that i have ever purchase and actually use every day . i just keep the video in my laptop and work it into my schedule during the day . thankfully i work out of a home office where no one can see i !
595	Dumbbell	POS	5	i would highly recommend powerblocks to anyone who be look for a compact , convenient , and sturdy adjustable dumbbell set . they be less expensive than bowflex product , and they have less fine part that could be damage . my only concern with the powerblocks be the setup of have you hand inside the weight chamber . however , that concern have be completely assuage . they be comfortable and easily use with a range of exercise .
491	Dumbbell	POS	5	i look for hour in all the wrong place . i think i need to go to the standard weight-lifting site to find a good dumbbell rack , but i be wrong . prior to this , the best price i find be $ 120 . i decide to look at amazon for grin , and find what i be really look for . the product be solid , it ship fast , and it be simple to assemble . ignore the ciritial opinion ; they fix all the problem . the nut and bolt be all on a piece of cardboard with shrink-wrap plastic around it . do not waste you time look for a better deal -- this be it !
341	Dumbbell	POS	5	love this product , so do my sister , i buy one for she too and she love it too .
586	Dumbbell	POS	5	i buy these to start the p90x program . not be very athletic , i think the 3-24 pound weight would be enough . they be solid and well design . change weight be a snap . although they be fine start out , i realize that i would quickly outgrow these weight as i progress through the workout series . 24 pound seem like a lot of weight if you have not be lifit before but after a few week you will wish you have more resistance on some exercise . i return these and get the powerblock sport 5.0 that cover 5-50 pound instead . they be both great product , vastly superior to the rubber band for p90x -lrb- which be ok as a last resort , but free weight be much more challenging and provide a better workout -rrb- . if you plan on do less weight and more rep , then the 3-24 pound set may be appropriate .
38	Dumbbell	POS	4	i have be use this product for about a month now and i definitely get a decent work out each and every time . i have not make leap and bound as i be still develop form and technique due to the off shoot mechanic of the product . i immediately recognize two fault or area for improvement . the first fault be that my hand slip while use the product because the surface be too smooth . the second fault be that the work out dvd while effective be too short and basic . the product could be improve significantly by add some abrasive texture to the handle and extend the dvd to include a advanced work out or additional exercise .
422	Dumbbell	POS	4	i get this from a groupon deal . at first i do some research online and like many other , i think it look ... well ... dirty . but i get it anyways . the first time use it , it as my only workout of the day . get a little burn here and there , not too tiring . but a couple of day later , i use it after a 2 mile run , i could really feel the difference . i really feel the burn in my arm and shoulder . however , it be only a good tool . if you want to look buff like the guy in the infomercial from use shake weight , unlikely . to gain muscle mass , you need wide range of body movement with heaier weight . shake weight be good for burn off the energy that be leave in you arm . but if use with weight training , cardio , and good diet , you will feel the difference .
831	Dumbbell	POS	5	i just assemble it take about one hour and you need a small crescent wrench . the bolt require some serious tightening but be very sturdy and roll easily with the 10\/90 . i work up a sweat do this but instruction be very good . i be happy with the purchase . ladies you might need help with this .
577	Dumbbell	POS	5	in spite of the mixed review , i decide to take a chance on this rack give its reasonable price . i be very pleased . it arrive in perfect condition , have very sturdy construction and could not have be easier to assemble -lrb- 20 minute from unpack to dumbbell stack -rrb- . the one negative that i will point out be that you can not adjust the distance between the horizontal bar on the respective `` shelf '' . my iron dumbbell fit perfectly , while the neoprene dumbbell be not able to straddle the two bar that be mean to keep they from fall off the shelf . i intend to drill new hole that will allow i to adjust the distance , but it would certainly be better if the manufacturer could change the design to make this adjustable .
252	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a fabulous product . although i have read complaint about the assembly direction , i think they be clear . it be always a good idea to read the instruction all the way through before assemble anything . the 1st page list all the part and show the exact size of the different screw . each step tell you which size screw to use . the only thing i would recommend be that you use a crescent wrench along with the allen wrench that come with the kit for tighten the screw . the screw fit tight and be stiff to turn . with a crescent wrench , it be not a big deal . it do take over a hour to assemble , but it be very sturdy and safe to use when complete .
704	Dumbbell	POS	5	be prepare for the most annoying , frustrating , complicated hour + of you life . more complex then the solar system , this stand will arrive in piece . accompany with instruction that not even god herself could understand . the only thing that keep i from reach astronomical anger level be the fact i receive the stand for free . i have be in workout\/diet mode since july , and finally decide to invest in some weight . i have remember those tempting bowflex infomercial 's , and decide to youtube some bowflex dumbbell video . well , after about 30min of watch , i feel i really want a pair for my living room . i visit the bowflex website and decide on the 1090 model dumbbell . as i be about to go to checkout i notice at the top of the website a `` one day only '' promotion the site be have . with the purchase of the 1090 model -lrb- only -rrb- you could get the bowflex selecttech stand free , + free shipping and handle within the usa with the promotional code at checkout . needless to say i be very happy . i be plan on get the stand anyway , so get it free be great . and get it all ship to i free be even better . i pull the trigger , my order go through . from the time i place my order , to the time everything arrive be about a week and a half . bowflex use fedex so you can track it daily and know exactly when to expect the delivery . ok , so . . the dumbbell obviously come out ready to use . -lrb- beautiful dumbbell by the way -rrb- . however , the stand come completely disassemble . let i save you a whole lot of frustration . take the time to unwrap every piece and lay it on the floor . even the screw . note : there be 4 different size screw . at first glance you eye will tell you there be only 2 size screw . this be because who ever package these screw do not care to make it easy on the buyer by separate the screw . take the time to put the screw in size order . and separate they . screw size from largest to smallest : = = = = = = = = = = 8 screw this size . = = = = = = = = 4 screw this size . = = = = = = 4 screw this size . = = 4 screw this size . ok for step 1 and 2 on the assembly step you will be use the 8 longest screw -lrb- along with 1 washer for each side of the screw -rrb- . i be confuse by this at first , because the longest screw seem to be to big for these step -lrb- step 1 and 2 -rrb- . little do i know that you have to really really really turn the screw tight . note : after you assemble step 1 and 2 do not tighten the screw tight yet . just get they on there by tighten the screw as tight as you can with just you finger right now . everything be go to feel very wobbly at this point . . i know , confusing , but you do not fully tighten they all until you complete step 3 . for step 3 you will be use the 4 second-to-last smallest screw . mean there will still be 4 screw leave that be bigger then the one you will be use for this step . once you have assemble step 3 , now tighten every screw you have use . this take i at least 40min + . i know , you thinking - but you only use 12 screw so far ! like i say , the screw will all feel to big . you be go to have to hand tighten all 12 screw with a allen key and vise grip until each screw it tight and no screw wobble . this be go to hurt you hand after about 20min . i suggest put on some good music and expect to hurt yourself . ok now that you have tighten those 12 screw . you feel incredible . not so fast ... now you have to beat the next level . and if you hand do not start to hurt yet , they will now . step 4 and 5 you will be use the last 4 long screw you have leave -lrb- leave only the very little screw leave -rrb- . this step be for the dumbbell platform . get they on first . mean put all 4 screw in and then start tighten each one . this take i about 20min . remember each screw must be tight . if you can wobble the screw , or move it in any way , you have not tighten it enough . ok , now you have get to the last level . this be the king koopa of the assembly . step 6 you be install the towel bar . say sorry to you knuckle . you finger be also go to get a beating . you will be use the last 4 set of screw for this step . the smallest screw . note : i think i have lose 4 washer . i spend 10min like a terd look on the floor , and under the couch for 4 miss washer . then realize that i have use 2 washer for each screw in this step -lrb- step 6 -rrb- when i only be suppose to use 1 washer for each screw . step 6 be the only step you will be use 1 washer per screw . all other step use 2 washer per screw . after 20min + of tighten the 4 screw in step 6 -lrb- until nothing move -rrb- , i go to the bathroom and run freezing cold water and leave my hand in there for 3-4min . . i be not kid my hand be beat up bad . after take a little brake to get the feeling back in my hand , i finish up step 7 , attach the strap to the platform . which be easy and take about 15sec per strap . and finally , the final step ... use the caster wheel ? or foot peg ? i have hear some people say to go with the foot peg . because they be go to leave it in 1 spot so why put wheel on . however i go with the caster wheel . only because i own the 1090 model , and if i want to move the equipment for any reason i would need to take off the dumbbell , and move all 3 piece by hand . with the caster wheel its easy to just roll they around . like if you need to clean you home and need to move they for a min or something . plus , all 4 wheel lock . either way the stand come with both option , and be easy to install\/uninstall . only take about 4min . -lrb- no pain -rrb- lol so there you have it . assembly complete . let i tell you , my hand be tell i to leave 1 star on this review , and throw the thing into a river . but once you place you bowflex dumbbell on this stand . . wow . . this be suchhhhhhhhhhhhh a beautiful piece of equipment . . i mean , it even look great in my living room . no need to put it away when i have company . i get complement on the dumbbell and stand all the time . not to mention i get a greattt workout every day . sure assemble the stand almost break you hand , but its the closest thing a male will ever feel to give birth . the pain and suffering be well worth it . this stand be just as nice as the dumbbell , they complement each other perfectly . so in the end i be give this stand 5 star only because once its completely assemble -lrb- properly -rrb- you will love this thing . its beautiful ! like i say , i get mine for free , but i would buy this stand in a second . hope this review help you with you purchase !
975	Dumbbell	POS	5	i first get the shakeweight on 01\/3\/11 and have be utilize it 3-4 time a day . now i have be work out for year and have fall off the workout wagon for a few month now and think about get the shakeweight to help reignite my motivation and tone up my arm which be 16 inch but with no tone . now that i have get the sw , i 'll be change that . but , the sw would be most effective in it be include into one 's routine as oppose to do it solo . i have be do my bicep curl and tricep extension and hit the sw afterwards and with the dumbbell building , and the sw toning , you 'll get a good workout . i be sure after another week of this , i 'll be do the sw in rapid fire motion for a much longer duration gradually until the whole workout be all rapid fire motion . feel the burn ! feel the burn !
304	Dumbbell	POS	5	these weight be easy to use and be great for people with small hand . great for add weight to lunge , squat , deadlift , chest , and shoulder exercise . i be a petite woman and i use they with my younger brother as well . i be consider the bigger one for my husband . he still get good use out of these .
361	Dumbbell	POS	5	i order these while they be out of stock , and unexpededly receive they in only a couple day !! the stand be in perfect condition . easy to assemble . i weigh the weight on my bathroom scale - the 8lb be 8.2 , the 5 's be right on 5 , and the 3 's be 3.4 . at least each pair be the same weight !
581	Dumbbell	POS	5	i be ready to buy this set of classic powerblock on amazon but then i find out that there be a newer version available for less at local retailer . the powerblock sport 5.0 set -lrb- $ 299 -rrb- be essentially the same as the class powerblock set but with a few improvement -lrb- extra 5lb of weight , better grip , sturdier lock , etc. -rrb- . here be the description from the official powerblock website : `` the sport series be the third generation of powerblocks new in june of 2008 . the sport series consist of 4 model of powerblocks with unique difference in both form & function . as far as form go , the dramatic change would be the gray color of the steel weight plate vs. the black weight plate of other powerblock model and the round shaped top of the weight plate offer a stylish look . as far as function difference , the sport series have taper handle , double tethered selector pin -lrb- not on the sport 2.4 -rrb- , the wrist support be of a more open design offer a larger handle cavity and the dial lock be recess into the handle . '' with that out of the way , i 'll give a quick review . i just finish my first round of p90x classic use a combination of resistance band and light hexagon dumbbell -lrb- 10lb pair and 15lb pair -rrb- . i try hard to like the band but get tire of constantly change they for more resistance and the buckle end of get in the way too often . i then switch to dumbbell but those be too light for what i need so i end up tone instead of add muscle mass . i decide to go with the powerblocks and could not be happier with the decision . i try they out in the store first and right away i know it be a worthwhile purchase . they be well-built , relatively small for have such a blocky design , have a easy-to-use yet reliable lock mechanism , and feel great to handle . i have use they for a variety of p90x video and have not have any issue . the only very minor annoyance be that the plate clank a bit but i get use to it quickly and it be not a issue . other than that , i love everything about they and i be look forward to start round 2 of p90x with they soon !
108	Dumbbell	POS	4	buy this as a gag gift for christmas . it be funny and worth it . seem to actually work ok though .
155	Dumbbell	POS	4	nice buy for the cost . nicely package and dumbbell do not smell . the stand be cheap but just have a stand in itself be a nice addition to the dumbbell . not the reason i purchase they in the first place . i would buy again for sure .
421	Dumbbell	POS	5	the weight come quicker than i think and it be through regular fedex delivery . although the outer cardboard box be a little beat-up -lrb- expect of course , be that the weight inside weigh 45lb . each and they have to be transport long distance -rrb- , the weight come in perfect shape . i do not notice any scratch mark on they nor do it appear to be tamper with . till this day -lrb- be use they about 2 month now -rrb- , they have be work out very well for i .
549	Dumbbell	POS	4	the stand do what it be make for . i like it because i can move the dumbbell easily to my designate workout area and then back to the corner of the room when i be finish . it be really more of a convenience and not a necessity to have . the only thing i do not like be that the stand i get be somewhat uneven on the bottom . that be probably why they give you adjustable wheel and peg because the company must have be aware that the quality vary and they can not make the piece perfectly even .
292	Dumbbell	POS	5	i know it seem silly to pay this much for a stand but here 's why i think this be a must-have item if you own 552 or 1090 . - function - i have the 552 set of dumbbell and this stand support they easily ; i have no doubt that the 1090 would be fine as well . overall , it feel sturdy so even when i place the dumbbell back a little harder than i should , it do not budge . you can also switch between stationary foot for improve stability or caster for improve portability . moreover , it be easier to change weight setting on the stand then it be on the floor . - design - visually , they look great on the stand ; they should since they be make just for this purpose . as part of a home gym , it look like a professional set up . - injury prevention - rather than have to bend over to pick up the weight , they be at waist level with this stand . this should prevent lower back pain , or even worse , like cause a injury that will prevent you from work out . back injury can last a long time . - durability - the stand be make of quality material . it should last as long as the dumbbell , which i hope will be the last set i buy in my lifetime . - recommendation - if you own bowflex 552 or 1090 , buy this stand !
90	Dumbbell	POS	5	ok sure the instruction lack a little . but i be able to put the stand together fairly quickly . do not let the fact that you ; re worried about the assembly sway you from purchace this stand . i put it together in about 30 min . which i do not think be to bad . so if you buy the dumbell be easy on you be self buy the stand do not hurt you ' re back , its worth every penny and effort put it together .
177	Dumbbell	POS	4	i have purchase the smaller set of these dumbbell that go up to 24 pound as a gift last year however the gift recipient need heavier weight so i buy this set . the reason to not give it a 5 star rating be : this set start at 10 pound and adjust to 45 pound and the lighter set end at 24 pound so i feel that this set should have start at a heavier weight . the only other reason it do not get the extra star be that the stand for these much be purchase separately and they be not inexpensive . otherwise , it be a great product overall . they do not take up much space . they be easy to use . i have coworker that be personal trainer that actually recommenede they when i be ask to make sure it be worth the money . i receive my order within a few day of order and do not pay extra for expedited shipping .
736	Dumbbell	POS	5	the assembly be easy - take around 20 min . to tighten 12 bolt . the frame be very solid and the paint job be good .
366	Dumbbell	POS	5	great dumbell rack . i be suprise at the quality for the price ... walt
249	Dumbbell	POS	4	the first few time we see this commercial on tv , my husband and i laugh we butt off at the motion you have to use the product in , as it look like a certain sexual favor be be perform . out curiosity though , i end up get one for free and i be shock to admit , it actually work ! it 's real simple to use and within 3 minute you can already feel it work ! definitely a keeper and so glad i give it a try rather than write it off due to the silly advertisement !
152	Dumbbell	POS	5	when i initially have this stand under consideration it be not price , quality , or durability i have in-mind . i read several review about the difficulty of put the darn thing together . i think `` can it really be that hard ? '' . well , upon receive my stand i pull out the instruction guide with some trepidation . i be please to find out that with one thorough review of those instruction , a check of all include item , and digging out a couple of tool to help with the set-up i have no problem assemble the stand in about 45 minute . no skin knuckle or overly sore hand either . i do not want to make light of other reviewer and they assembly difficulty . either i just understand explode diagram really well and have that magic mechanical touch or more likely bowflex revise the assembly guide . so , do not worry about assembly if you be at least a tad mechanically inclined and at least have a few decent tool lie around . my only negative comment about the stand be the manner in which it be pack . a little more insulation or styrofoam would have be nice on each component because i notice some scuffing and scratch -lrb- nothing so terrible as to warrant a return -rrb- that really should not be there if a little more care be take when pack the item . other than that i be really happy i spend the extra dollar to get the dumbbell up off the ground . the stand and weight on it look great , my lower back be happy , and the stand work just as advertise .
396	Dumbbell	POS	4	i buy these to add a little more challenge to my step aerobic . it be help to bring my heart rate up faster and help to tone my arm , which be exactly what i be look for . i like the neoprene coating since the weight do not get slippery even when i start sweating . my only complaint would be that the stand be a little flimsy . even so , i be happy with the value i get for my money . i may be buy another set because my husband have also start use they during we workout and we sometimes want the same weight .
752	Dumbbell	POS	5	if you be in the market for these type of `` dumbell '' -lrb- one that you can quickly change weight on -rrb- and be terrify of the really expensive alternative , do not look any further . these work exactly as advertise . as long as 24 lb on each hand be heavy enough for you , you 'll be very happy . the square shape make they easy to store and if you secure they properly , they be very safe and easy to use . they be shape well enough that you can even use both hand on one block for those exercise that require it . the `` change '' system be definitely not as fancy as the pricier competition - but it work .
105	Dumbbell	POS	5	i really enjoy this thing ! grant , this exercise could be do without the shake weight , but it be fun to have a prop to help with the shakin ' . be careful though to get use to the weight , and ease you muscle into it before diving into the dvd routine . ; -rrb-
25	Dumbbell	POS	5	i number of the review note that this thing be very difficult to put together . i do not find that to be the case at all . follow the direction and it be a snap . well , maybe not a snap , it take i 45 minute while i be watch tv . one great piece of advice that come from another review be crucial . there be three different set of bolt that be very close in length . make sure you line these bolt up and use the correct length for each use . if you blow it here it could be a very long , frustrating operation . perhaps this be where people be go wrong with this rack ? if you have the bowflex barbell , you really should get this rack .
77	Dumbbell	POS	4	att : see other review for ppl who have use this a while . its not a gym replacement . but its something to get a good pump say before you go out . i have be work out 5 to 10 time a week consistently for the past year and a half -lrb- some two a day -rrb- . and i would not believe it my self have i be read this without ever try it . also note that i work out with high intensity and focus completely on that . not talk to ppl or waste time . well , i be over at a friend house the other day and he have one of these funny look thing . i shake it for a while and feel a good pump . the next day my biceps be hurt and that just do not happen often . i think i have get all the lactic acid out long ago , but this thing get what be leave . i be get one . so be this a one stop shop for any real fitness goal ? no. . be good to have ? yes . why ? because it give you diversity in you workout and it be cheap . lactic acid - release by you muscle when stressed . the reason for the muscle soreness day after start a workout routine .
597	Dumbbell	POS	5	we love the bowflex dumbbell and the stand be a real necessity to avoid a lot of bend and stoop . great product . bought ours through the amazon marketplace for about half price . no regret .
677	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a superb product . first - unfortunately amazon do not have the best deal . you can get it at target or walmart for $ 20 . that be say , this be easy to do at work - i be able to pick it up and use it while i be read or do other thing that would not require my hand . like the commercial say the difference for this weight be that it be use small muscle unlike weight lifting that bulk up you arm . if you have trouble with neck or shoulder you may want to use caution with some of the exercise just like you would if you go to the gym . do a exercise you have not do before should be do with caution and if not do properly could result in a injury . this would be unlikely with the shaker weight but in my opinion anything 's possible . also note-this do not shake on it be own - that be the point of this product that you use you muscle to make it shake . there be review on here that give poor rating because they think it be motorized or something - well , i would say if you do not want to work out and actually use you muscle then you can save yourself $ 20 and do not buy this product : -rrb- it be a great invention and the science behind it make sense . i have see result and i recommend it to all my friend and coworker .
991	Dumbbell	POS	5	the bowflex dumbbell stand make life much easier than use they from the ground which i be do prior to get the stand . it be easy to put together and be heavy duty since the weight be 90lb \/ each . the other nice feature that i be not expect . the stand come with wheel to make move it much easier .
717	Dumbbell	POS	4	shake weight be a excelent product for upper body strength . product be of high quality , easy to use , and affordable . the dvd provide a excellent user ' guide .
307	Dumbbell	POS	5	when this product first come out ... it be the laughing stock of the world . nobody take it seriously and the motion that you have to make to exercise with this weight make for great joke ! however , i recently read in the newspaper that this weight really do work . 2 trainer give they professional opinion -lrb- 1 male and 1 female -rrb- and they say the result you get be amazing . it work the muscle in a way that no other weight can . i decide to purchase it and cross my finger . i must say ... my husband and i reach for this weight at every bored moment we get . so easy to do during commercial while watch tv after the kid be in bed . a hour show have about 20 minute of commercial and use this weight for those 20 minute -lrb- stop while the show be on -rrb- really get you a great work out without overwhelming you .
783	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a heavy duty , well construct dumbell stand for use with my selecttech dumbell . you can walk between the dumbbell rack and easily lift the dumbbell off without have to bend over - save wear and tear on the lower back . the lock wheel allow for easy repositioning or to move out of the way when finish with a workout . highly recommend !
405	Dumbbell	POS	5	i need something faster than my adjustable dumbbell -lrb- the plates\/collars type -rrb- for my p90x workout . i could buy the bowflex selecttech dumbbell for about the same price as a full set of these in the 15-45 pound range . with these dumbbell , i do not have to worry about they break if i be not move slowly , so if you have the space , these be great . these be probably the best addition i have make to my home gym ... not to mention , i receive these only two day after order , and i do not request any special shipping .
28	Dumbbell	POS	4	i buy the shake weight after watch they on the doctor . i buy two of they so i could use they for more resistance while work out , they be very nice to have sit around in my kitchen because while i be cooking i can use they at the same time . by switch hand as you work around the house you can give you self a workout while do other everyday task or you can take the time to watch the video and follow it . these be great for a low impact workout .
637	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have some neck and back issue . i find this weight easy to use . you can shake it at you speed , fast or slow . build muscle back up . the 30 min video have a decent range of motion and will help stretch you out . it do make you sweat and a couple of the movement on the 30 min video be harder to do . it will teach you some balance and coordination as you use it , because you shake and move at the same time . you do not just sit and shake it lol . to be effective ... it have a 6 min upper body video and a 30 min video that be for total body movement . it combine shake weight move with traditional move . alternate 6 min easy daily video with 30 min -lrb- 3 time a week -rrb- and a walking or other activity routine would be optimal . you should also watch what you eat . shake a weight will not help you reach you goal alone . but i feel this be worth the money . i have see they range btwn 15 and 20 buck . they also have one be various color now . it be a useful and relatively easy tool to have for re-strengthing yourself and get off the couch .
651	Dumbbell	POS	5	i get this for my husband birthday . he have be look for a dumbbell rack for a couple month , in store , and have not be able to find a quality product . i buy this and it arrive early . he put it together quickly and easily and he love it . it be sturdy and be much better than any other product we see in the store .
454	Dumbbell	POS	5	this shake weight be more epically awesome than when superman beat the razor claw in book 17 class 5 point9 season 1 ! and that be epic
364	Dumbbell	POS	5	this be a excellent dumbbell rack . solid and easy to assemble . plenty of room for alot of dumbbell . as usual great amazon sevice and shipping ... get it on sale !!!
448	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have be use these for about a year . more or less 30 minute a day 5 day a week . over the year i have significantly increase overall strength in my upper and lower body . i have also lose about 10 % of my body weight -lrb- from 145 to 130 -rrb- . i be about 50 and male . in the time it would take to drive to\/from the gym i can get in a excellent workout at home . the weight fit in any space and i recommend a bench and a stand to hold the weight . the stand or any hard surface will make adjust the pin that hold the weight easier . a stand help with lift the weight . i notice change in my body in about two month and my only regret be not get a set that have a higher weight limit . powerblock 's web site offer expandable set , probably should have pay more attention when purchase . powerblock be a us company and they have a good web site with video for exercise .
908	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have be go to my local masseuse for a while now and i always try to tip she well , but lately she have be a bit lazy and just have not be give i the best massage at all . i be give she this for she birthday -lrb- she say she be a leo -rrb- , in the hope that my next tuus na body rub session be more satisfying and she muscle more in shape when it count .
40	Dumbbell	POS	4	this thing be heavy duty , but i thoguht it would be bigger from the picture . i should have measure it . it will fit -lrb- barely -rrb- hex dumbbell of 5,8,10,12,15,20,25,30,35,40,45 .
408	Dumbbell	POS	5	the dumbell rack be very easy to assemble use a rachet wrench & a cresent wrench . it be very sturdy and of very good quality . i recommend this rack if you only use dumbell set up to maybe about 50 lb . there be not enough room for heavier set of dumbell . i will soon buy a second rack for my 60-100 lb . dumbell and it will be the same apex deluxe rack that i be describe here . sincerely , e. flynt of cleveland , ohio
216	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have see the commercial one night on television and say `` huh , you have get to be kid i '' . i wait many month before i decide to purchase this . i have lift weight since i be a teenager and do all kind of workout with weight in a gym and at home . when i try it i be impress with the result and know it be well worth the price . i do notice on the dvd -lrb- unsure if anyone else notice this -rrb- , but you see he on one arm shake it , then you see he on another , -lrb- unsure why that be -rrb- . i do notice that when you do take one day off then try it again the day after you rest it become harder . so when he say see you tomorrow you bet you should do it daily . as far as do it more then once in a day i would highly not advise this , find another exercise to do , just add more rep the next day if you feel that day workout be not as good as you hope it to be . i have have a few people come over my home and try it out . grant it they do not lift weight like i have for many year , but these people be struggle and not complete the rep properly . if you want tone and better vascular development , then this be ideal for you !!!
791	Dumbbell	POS	5	i get this for one of my grandson 's for christmas . he have be look at they at walmart , he mother say . i like yours better than the walmart one and i think it be a little cheaper . he seem to like it . it be heavy !! i think woman use these too for they arm . ship be fast and it be pack well . thanks .
414	Dumbbell	POS	5	i have read so many negative review and positive review . if you can return something , why would you listen to other people . find out for yourself . i buy it one month ago and i can not believe my eye . my flabby arm be become tone and i have not even get to the six minute a day . the tricep workout be so hard . i plan on use the one for woman until it become too easy . after that , i will buy the man 's shake weight . it be the first thing to ever work .
220	Dumbbell	POS	5	i use my weight almost every day . they be perfect for the tone i want . i would highly recommend this product
485	Dumbbell	POS	4	i love the stand . the instruction be easy to follow and i have this together in about a hour while watch tv . i like the fact that the stand can be use with or without wheel for mobility . very well make and no complaint here ! -lrb- ... -rrb- .
742	Dumbbell	POS	5	i buy this with low expectation . however this item have definitely exceed my expectation . i think it be the goofiest look thing out there be why i buy it . it be addicting to use the shake weight . i love it !!!!
864	Dumbbell	POS	4	these be as expect ... thrill ! and , love the stand ... make they more accessible . anything that make exercise easier to get start work for i !
984	Dumbbell	POS	5	assembly be pretty easy and only take about 20-30 minute . may need a socket wrench to help tighten some of the bolt . set up the dumbbell on the stand be easy and the dumbbell work great on the stand . i would recommend to anyone who get the selecttech db 's to definitely get this stand .
653	Dumbbell	POS	5	this stand be easy to put together , and work exactly as you would want it to for the bowflex weight . it be very sturdy and well make . i highly reccomend this stand if you have these weight .
700	Dumbbell	POS	5	excellent engineering , everything you need in a d.b. rack , easy assembly , excellent price , hold two set of dumbbell from 5 to 50 pound , very sturdy , take up a small space , and mine be even ship for free in les than 24 hour . could you ask for more ? i do not think so . this be a excellent buy . go for it !
245	Dumbbell	NEG	1	be not package well . components receive damage and the part bag be damage enough that it be open and part be miss .
440	Dumbbell	NEG	2	full disclosure : i be a woman , but i buy this version because the review be better , and supposedly this version be sturdier . i lift weight to build strength , to tone , and to charge my metabolism . i use barbell at about 35 pound , maybe 40 if i be feel it , and a 50 to 60 pound kettlebell , just so you have a idea . my arm be not that rip , but i be curious to try this product anyhow . it be a little tricky to use , but frankly you either get it or you do not . it really be a matter of master keep you hand still so it can work you arm -lrb- supposedly -rrb- . yes , it do create a sort of tension in the arm near the bicep , but it be a strange feeling . it be not a `` i just shred some weight '' tension , it be a `` my muscle fascia be really tight '' tension . i have keep the rest of my weight routine the same and i have not see any difference . honestly , i think this product be probably just a fad . i do give it two star because it be sturdy ; i have drop it and it do not break . but skip this one and stick to real lifting .
789	Dumbbell	NEG	1	i buy this product for arm exercise . its not as good as it sound in commercial . i think the good old dumbell be better than this . i do not like it so i return this product for refund .
739	Dumbbell	NEG	2	i feel tire after use this for 6 minute and definitely feel pain in my arm but i never notice any difference . overall it seem pretty isolate in the muscle group that it work and it be extremely boring and be quickly put away and forget .
959	Dumbbell	NEG	1	this be one of those product that will collect dust ! i find it very difficult to use as direct and be concern that i could hurt myself with it !
971	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the weight come be a cardboard box that be partly open due to the weight break the cardboard . there be no clamp to hold the weight on the bar result in the weight be unusable in a safe manner .
999	Dumbbell	NEG	1	hus my wife and i have be try to get the shakeweight to shake . maybe we need practice or help . we be just look for a tool to wake we up in the morning with a little exercise , so far no good . so far its similar to shake a heavy piece of wood . where be the shake ? we would love to hear from someone who know 's how to work it . be there a trick to activate it . we do realize it do not shake by itself , but once you start it , be not it suppose to continue shake ?
224	Dumbbell	NEG	1	i order one of these thing in hope that it would really work since my arm be flabby now and i be in desperate to tone they up . i be willing to try new thing and always keep a open mind , but i get the shake weight and literally waste my time with it . i have more success use 3 pound dumbbell than with this thing . if you wanna tone up , just get something else and not this . seriously . there be one pro to this though , it make a good gag gift : d and that exactly what i do with it and we laugh and burn it .
627	Dumbbell	NEG	1	`` where the heck be the pulsation ? oh , i see . . i have to create the pulsation '' . unbelivable marketing . very deceptive . if you want to ceate the enrgy this product be suppoese to generate , then fine buy it . you -lrb- i -rrb- have to shake the crap out of it to get the video effect show in this product video . not battery operate . for $ 25 . total crap , change the marketing and reduce price and still i would only rate it a two star . hope this help .
468	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the direction be pretty bad . and as someone else say the screw be very hard to tighten . they have a plastic stopper inside the bolt that you have to break through and its really tough on you hand if you use the hex wrench they supply . of course you would want to tighten the screw well because it be hold a lot of weight . my main complaint be the wheel it come with . i buy this for the sole purpose of store it somewhere and wheeling it to work out with . the wheel be terrible and make of cheap plastic . they do not spin because the weight of the stand and dumbbell . so essentially i be drag it across my wood floor , make it pointless . i will have to try and find real caster that actually roll ! if you plan on not move the stand then it be a decent , although any solid surface would hold the weight . if you have the room to be store they stationary not sure why you would even need a specific stand . this certainly be not a small space safe stand . a solid table would take up about the same space and cost way less .
442	Dumbbell	NEG	1	first , my dumbbell do not fit on this rack ! they be neoprene . also , the hardware provide do not fit . the nut have little rubber stopper that prevent the screw from be tighten . big dissappointment . return today .
545	Dumbbell	NEG	1	i would never try or buy this product because no one in charge be proofing the ad . it be not `` us '' girl , it be `` we '' girl ...
386	Dumbbell	NEG	2	from the commercial it look like it run on battery and the resistance be from hold it still ... but noooo . it be completely manually operate . i be too lazy to use this shake weight .
305	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the shipping for this item be quick which i always appreciate . however , the product itself be a waste . i think i would really enjoy use this dumbbell , but i just do not . i feel like i could have do the same excercise with a regular dumbbell or any item with a little weight on it . this be a complete disappointment . believe i , i try to convince myself that this thing be work and worth invest in , but in the end , it be just ... nothing .
807	Dumbbell	NEG	1	i have have this for about a month and use it maybe 15 time before today . the 16th time i use it it come apart !!! now it be worthless .
876	Dumbbell	NEG	2	if you be look to get a workout , this be not the product to buy . it do not work , do not waste you money !
466	Dumbbell	NEG	2	this be not for people that be start to work out ... you need to be well build to be able to move it freely . and grip of it be bad ... i use it now and then but at time it can really mess up you finger .
740	Dumbbell	NEG	1	if you want result just lift with great form and increase you weight accordinly ... do not give in to this misconception !!!! this do nothing to help contract and relax you muscle = that be where you be go to get `` muscle definition '' .
542	Dumbbell	NEG	1	after use , i think you could buy a bottle of water , drink the water , fill it half way up with sand and shake . the muscle benefit would be the same .
23	Dumbbell	NEG	1	not only do i get the impression that it be battery operate , appearently a lot of other people think the same thing . the card enclose with it for faq say in part `` unlike the impression create by the rapid motion of the device , the shake weight be not battery-powered-the user generate the movement . the internal resistance etc. . i certainly would not have order it if i have know that .
70	Dumbbell	NEG	1	pretty crappy product . the quality be very poor which be practically plastic . the only way to get it to work the way they advertise be to go so fast on it that you tire out before you see any result . in the long run it may become useful but you have to be in already great shape to reap any benefit from it . truth of the matter be that those who be already in shape rarely would utilize something like that . i would definitely think twice about buy this unit .
470	Dumbbell	NEG	2	well ... i mess up on order this , it be now sit in a basket that i probably will not touch again . it be not easy ... and of course all of the ad make it look like it be . i would just rather use hand weight . i would not buy it again !
916	Dumbbell	NEG	2	notice description show 3.5 pound ... it weigh 2.5 pound ... submit to amazon , see if they will correct the ad ... it be not weighty enough to `` burn '' my muscle ... my old hand weight be 4 pound already , so probably why ... be great weight for a beginner child , like age 12 , when first learniing to correctly use to avoid injury
48	Dumbbell	NEG	2	the product be functional and do what it say however the right side part and leave side part come mismark l and r or be it r and l. one stand be about 2 inch lower than the other so i take the whole thing apart and swap piece from one side to the next and then the other side be short . after lay the large silver frame side by side its obviouse its not the assembly and that the part be assymetrical . this also prevent the towel rack between the two platform from be attach . since it pretty much do what it be suppose to , do not cause i any issue with lift the dumbbell off and if it be not such a pain to disassemble and rebox i would have send it back to get a new one . dumbbell adjustment mechanism stick a little but i suspect this will losen up over time or with a little squirt of oil .
942	Dumbbell	NEG	1	i purchase a set of these high tech dumbbell several year ago and the plastic material cover the weight plate have become brittle and be now crack and fall off . i wish i have spend the money on a set of plain jane , low tech and indestructable dumbbell .
80	Dumbbell	NEG	1	i would give it no star if that be a option ! -lrb- do you know that one star on the rating system equal `` i hate it '' ?? that be what it say . -rrb- do not waste you money .
532	Dumbbell	NEG	1	the title pretty much speak for itself . walmart do not offer the weight over 40lb but they be much cheaper there . even if you order they online they be only $ 1 to ship per dumbbell , which still beat the price on here by a significant amount .
392	Dumbbell	NEG	1	i receive my shakeweight for man wioth a video show a large man start to shake the weight , to get it `` start '' -lrb- as they say in they ad , and the weight appear -lrb- like in they tv ad to continue shake at like 100 m.p.h. and you just hold it and the inertia take over ... this be snake oil advertising ... total b . . the shakeweight do not continue shake at all , not in the leaset . this be one of the biggest scam , i have see in many year , next to bernie madoff . i be not get the refund -lrb- from they -rrb- as they advertise so heavily - -lrb- i use my credit card - so my credit card company have issue a chargweback so i get 100 % of my money back - except for the return shipping cost -lrb- which they so profoundly advertise that they will pay -rrb- - however this be a complrete scam-the tell you to mail you receipt for you payment of return postage to a 2nd address -lrb- different from the return shipping address , and they say they will mail you a refund check ... bs - have not happen . do not fall for this snake oil scam they say this product do everything -lrb- it do nothing a 5 lb dumbbell wo not do -rrb- and they say you will risk `` nothing '' , but you risk every penny you spend plus the return shipping cost ...
107	Dumbbell	NEG	1	times be tough for a lot of we these day so i think i would help out by share my thought about the shake weight and how you can make you very own . you 'll need a few thing first . gather a old flashlight , one of those hand-held job that take two `` d '' battery . it should not be hard to find . they be in every household section of every junk shop in the world . next take out one of the corroded battery and discard it -lrb- appropriately , of course -rrb- . remove the glass lens and anything that could shatter and wrap hell out of the whole mess with duct tape . now ... . shake . yes , that be how it work . you shake it and it jiggle you arm fat until you supposedly become a supermodel . okay , if you do not have access to a old flashlight , i do have a alternative plan thanks to another reviewer . take a can of pea and make yourself a really strong duct tape handle just in case the can should slip out of you palm while you be do all that jiggle . there ya go ! another set you can share with a friend . when i buy this piece of junk at walgreens the cashier and i look everywhere on the package to see what size battery it take , just in case they be not include . we could not find anything , nor could we find anything say that this work by my simply shake my arm . i own my set for about 20 minute before immediately return they . i do not mind that they do not work the way i think they do , i do mind that by all appearance on the commercial the model be fight back against some sort of mystical force . i see this as clear false advertising . i recommend the can of pea .
