index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
905	Headphone	POS	5	i just get these and have test they out enough to say that you be get good value for you money with these headphone . one of the first product that i be quite content with enough to post a review . they be not the best headphone ever , but at $ 20ish , you can not go wrong .
448	Headphone	POS	4	the noise cancellation be not as good as bose . but it cost so much less and get you most of the way there . the audio quality be passable , as people have note it be much quieter with nc turn off but nothing that the volume control on you media device will not solve . i also do not have problem with noise leakage , in a office setting with workstation whir on desk , you can not make out sound at 1 foot from the headphone . you mileage may vary with ambient sound and volume of music .
568	Headphone	POS	4	this be a very good headset , small , good sound & very good price , i can not believe who pay hundred of $ $ $ for headset , because all speaker lose sound quality overtime .
458	Headphone	POS	5	this be my second set of headphones\/charger . this one be superior to my sony . range be better . sound quality be better . headphone set on charger more conveniently .
722	Headphone	POS	5	i be look for headphone that would stay put while i be run and after a lot of research i find these . i love they as soon as i put they in -- i have smaller ear so the various size be ideal . they absolutely stay put when i go run , no matter how much i sweat . i put they in and do not have to think about my headphone again until i take they out .
688	Headphone	POS	5	i already own a pair of wire sennheiser and decide the only brand that could possibly do wireless justice be this one . i can happily say that i be not disappointed , and these have go beyond my expectation . i have be talk about buy a set of wireless headphone for year . when we routine at night solidify into i watch x-file on dvd and my partner want to settle down with a book , it become essential . the quality of the sound be outstanding and i really can not tell much difference between a wireless set . one note though : i initially have the base set atop my tv get a lot of interference . i mount it on the wall a couple foot up and now they be crystal clear . i be also amaze at how long the battery charge last . i consistently watch about a hour of tv each night , and i probably have to charge they only once every 2 week . they fit very comfortably also . one thing i be concern about since they be not close be sound escape . this be not a problem . my partner can sleep beside i and not hear a thing . if you be look for a staple pair of wireless headphone , for the quality and price , these be what you be look for .
472	Headphone	POS	4	we get these for several multi-user workstation . they be adequate for the price . we want something with plastic\/leather ear pad that can be wipe down between user , and these provide that for we . these be best for industrial , public , multi-user situation where the listener will not be need they for very long . as other have mention , they be not very comfortable , so you do not want to wear they for more than 30 minute at time -lrb- or less , for those who have large head -rrb- . the sound be also adequate for the above state purpose . these be by no means mean to be use to pick out the 3rd chair violin during a very quiet movement of bach .
928	Headphone	POS	5	bought for myself ... i love them . . they muffle all outer sound give you that one on one feel ...
417	Headphone	POS	5	i have several brand of headphone include the excellent denon ah-1001 , $ 130 . but for every day use on all you radio , computer and other device for about $ 5.00 . the panasonic rp-ht21 headphone be a excellent choice with excellent sound . you cant go wrong when order these from amizon , i have several of these and will probably order more in the future .
955	Headphone	POS	4	sound : great range and pretty flat signature , but not the most precision nor the biggest soundstage . look : lay non you desk or hang around you neck , these look phenomenally retro . on you head , they can be pretty bulbous -lrb- i would have prefer the flatter design of the old sr-60 -rrb- . comfort : not as comfortable as around-ear phone nor smaller on-ears , and the hard vinyl band will irritate a thinly-haired head , but nothing major to complain about . they be somewhat adjustable by bend the headband . durability : i cant imagine these will ever break or wear out . grado be also well-known for they repair service , so you be cover not exactly design to be portable , it have a huge cable -lrb- in all dimension -rrb- and similarly large jack that do not want to work with ipod case -lrb- it can be drive by portable player , though -rrb- . it work great for sedentary use , though , and be comfortable enough to be worn for hour on end .
565	Headphone	POS	5	no question this product be full on , 5 star material . i receive a pair of these phone in 1991 -lrb- maybe 1990 , not sure -rrb- , as a birthday present from my aunt and uncle . since receive they , i have take they with i all over the world . i have sleep with they on my head on 15 hour flight , i have sleep with they in my bed , they have be abused and trounce in all kind of luggage . not only do these thing sound incredible , they obviously hold up very well consider the abuse i have heap upon mine and they be still work and sound perfectly after these eighteen -lrb- 18 -rrb- year . i be in awe of they ... awesomeness . i have replace the ear pad once , with these beyer dynamic velour pad -lrb- highly recommend btw -rrb- : -lrb- ... -rrb- i be 36 year old , and wonder if i will be willing these thing to one of my child ?! : -rrb-
149	Headphone	POS	5	i do not care for the sound quality of compress mp3 or aac music file , so i want a pair of headphone that would allow i to hear all the nuance of my apple lossless rip music collection on my ipod classic . so after read the headphone review on the goodcans and amazon web site , i decide to buy both the grado sr80i 's and the koss portapros . my thinking be this , i would listen to both headphone , choose the best sound pair and return the other . both headphone be highly rate and both be fairly inexpensive , but since i would be use the headphone at work , i want to make sure the sound leakage from the very open style of the grados would not be a problem . after test both headphone , i determine the sound leakage of the grados be a problem , but the sound quality be so good , i decide to keep the grado sr80i 's for home use and use the koss portapros at work . since this review be suppose to be about the grado sr80i 's , let i just add these final comment . the grado sr80i 's be the first pair of open style headphone i have never own , and i can say without any doubt they be the best sound headphone i have ever listen to . i be hear detail in my music that i never new be there , which be simply amazing for a pair of headphone that sell for under $ 100 . you will not be disappoint in this purchase .
648	Headphone	POS	5	have have this product about a month . have work flawlessly . self-adjusting headband have work fine . you have option of use rechargeable battery that come with unit , or if it run down -lrb- which have not be a issue yet -rrb- , use alkaline aa . sound have be excellent with tv , though if the tv signal be very marginal , there can be noise . have not try with music . appreciate the power switch on the phone , so i do not have to put it back in charge unit every night . also have volume control on phone , though you 'll get cleaner sound use volume control on tv . ear pad comfortable and i appreciate they not be type that wrap around ear , so i can here my cat get into trouble , etc. . good product , especially for price .
608	Headphone	POS	4	i want something to control my iphone in the car without have to continuously unlock the screen and press on-screen button while drive . this thing do exactly that for i . i can skip song and pause the music whenever i want without have to take my eye off the road . i agree with other reviewer that it would be nice to have the headphone plug directly into the remote , but it be a very minor complaint . this be a purchase i would gladly recommend to a friend .
513	Headphone	POS	5	buy this headphone for my 14 yr old son . and for those of we with teenager , well you no how picky they can be . but low and behold , he love they ! he attach the headphone to he cell phone -lrb- droid -rrb- and it really sound great . i have no complaint .
152	Headphone	POS	5	i wash they twice by accident they still work . you wont be disappoint . love they so much the only downfall to they be that they sound just too loud sometimes but they be the best headphone i ever own
295	Headphone	POS	5	theese headphone be so sick !! they have great sound , look amazing , and be well worth the money ... the sound leakage be not as bad as people say unless you have it on full volume . the battery last a really really long time ! the only thing i would like improve be the noise cancellation ... i own a pair of solo hd 's too and they block out almost as much as the studio even though they do not have noise cancellation . i would defiantly recommend this to someone who like quality sound !!!
890	Headphone	POS	5	i love music and have buy really expensive head phone that be not as good as the px 100 . they be the best head phone for the price . so much so i buy a second pair to work out in . yes i be a audiophile geek and i be very critical about my sound . no 128 bit rate for i i need 320. : - -rrb-
821	Headphone	POS	5	after several flight , i have determine that these headphone do what i buy they for : protect my ear ! if i listen to my ipod before , i have to have the volume crank to 100 % ! can you imagine how loud that be ! now with the noise reduce function on , i only have to have the volume at 1\/4 to 1\/3 the level before the headphone . but mostly i do not listen to music , i just have they on while i be on the plane , no music . i be very happy with these , give that i do not have to pay $ 300 for bose . no , they be not bose , but my goal be to save my ear & hearing for the next half of my life !
426	Headphone	POS	5	these be order for a gift and i end up keep they for myself . the sound quality be wonderful . do the stylish case , they be easy to pack and take with i when i travel .
914	Headphone	POS	5	at first i think the bass be too high , but then i realize my old headphone just could not play at such low level . the cord be make to be use with mp3 player , so it be too short to use on my pc , so i have to get a extender . they be very portable for not be ear bud ; even though , they will not fit in you pocket . i just wear it around my bicep or clip it to my belt , when not in use ; not around my neck though i sweat too much when work .
302	Headphone	POS	5	my bose ie2 's be use almost exclusively at gym workout . after experience some discomfort with the original bud on the ipod nano5 , i move to ` sennheiser pmx80 sport series ii behind the head phones ' and the ` sony mdr-as20j ' . after 13 month , the pmx80 leave bud quit work -lrb- no visible sign of failure -rrb- . the sony 's be ok , probably exceptional for the cost , but do not deliver . i then step up to the bose ie2 . base on the ease of comfort , build quality , and sound i recommend the bose ie2 's . it should be note that ambient sound be perceptible during use -lrb- except at full volume - that be i rock to a new song -rrb- , which i find advantageous in the gym . the stayheartm design effectively position the bud very comfortably on the outer ear while channel music to the middle ear . the cord thickness , connection design , and individual inspection by bose address the quality of build . i be not a audiophile , but they sound excellent to i . overall , pretty awesome stuff while biking , run , and lift weight ... do i mention the occasional ping pong game ? with the wide spectrum of choice in this marketplace , you can purchase the bose ie2 's with confidence .
80	Headphone	POS	5	this headphone be very very good for this price , ofcourse i you pay something 150 $ would be much better but u need to know for what u gonna use it , im use this sony xd100 for my laptop and listen music , watch dvd ... its awesome ... clear stereo sound . . u can see that in movie , like u have surround system around u ! but ofcourse they be not profesional , for i they ae awesome . . and they be huge i love they ; -rrb- buy it !
987	Headphone	POS	5	grant i be not a music professional , but i purchase these base on the recommendation i read while research the purchase , and i sure be not disappoint . the sound be phenomenal - you have music come from different direction - great separation . the fit be very comfortable . the ear piece fit completely over my ear make a good connection and the headpiece be very ample in size for adult who might have larger head . i be very happy with this purchase .
804	Headphone	POS	5	the good : absolutely amazing sound quality that outweigh all problem , extremely comfortable the bad : typical drawback of open headphone , not very portable , mess up you hair i get these headphone while look to upgrade from some much cheaper folding one . my neighbor have a pair of they , and after try they out i order my own a day later . so far , i have be nothing but amaze by they . before these i be use to listen on my $ 10 headphone ; they absolutely blow i away and show i what i be miss in my music . obviously the main selling point of the hd-555 be sound quality . these phone be at or near audiophile quality and reproduce any kind of music excellently . they do not have ton of bass like some headphone , but be use to much cheaper headphone it be plenty for i . the first time i try they i be blow away by how amazing my music suddenly sound ; the quality be definitely worth the price . they also apparently use special technology to provide excellent directional sound , which let they basically act like wearable surround sound , good for gaming . it sound like whatever you be listen to be come from all around you ear , not just on top of they . the other big plus be comfort . i wish i could wear these all the time and never take they off ; it be easy to forget they be even on you head . the ear pad fit on you head perfectly -lrb- assume you do not have huge ear -rrb- and there be a extra pad on the headband , so it be basically like wear a pillow . they do not clamp on you head uncomfortably or get hot , either ; it be no problem at all wear they for hour at a time . the open design mean that when not play music , you can hear everything around you while wear they . one purely superficial note : at least for i , they leave indentation in you hair where the pad be . the open design of these headphone , responsible for the amazing sound quality , could also be a drawback for some . for those unfamiliar with headphone terminology , open headphone mean that sound get in and sound get out . they block approximately zero sound , so if there be a lot of background noise it will interfere with you listening . additionally people around you will be able to -lrb- faintly -rrb- hear what you be listen to even at normal listen volume , so depend on you music taste you may want to stick with listen alone . i can usually listen on they around other without a problem , but be aware of the limitation of open headphone . the cord be quite long -lrb- 3 meter or so -rrb- , so you can sit pretty far from the audio source , perfect for movie or video game . it terminate in a 1\/4 '' -lrb- big -rrb- plug and come with a adapter to the standard 1\/8 '' size . this mean that the plug be rather big and cumbersome , though , which can be inconvenient for listen on a ipod . before these headphone i do not concern myself much with music quality , since on my $ 10 phone i could not hear the difference anyway . i do not own many cd at all , but after get the hd-555 i go and buy some of my favorite album on cd so i could re-rip they at 256 kbp . most of my music be 128 kbp , and these headphone be not quite nice enough to make they sound awful by comparison . how you 'll use these phone be very important if you be think of buy they . they be ideal for home listening , movie-watching , or gaming , especially by yourself . if you 'll be use headphone with background noise , other people around -lrb- who do not share you music taste -rrb- , or a portable device , you might want to consider some closed headphone instead -lrb- such as sennheiser 's 200 line -rrb- . for they intended purpose , though , these headphone be absolutely worth the cost and a great buy for anyone that enjoy music .
311	Headphone	POS	5	okay , i be a earbud geek . i own higher-end product from ety , shure , ultimate ears and even senn in the bud category . always on the lookout for a good efficient earbud that do not absolutely require a separate headphone amp for decent sound . the ie7 from senn sound pretty good plug directly into my iphone 4 . at home i do not have those limitation . i use the hd650 with they original cable -- i know there be some mighty fine upgrade out there but have not try they . this cable run nicely from the side table where the phone and amp live to my inherit eames chair . heaven . 3 year ago , i build my own set tube amp , impedance match and bias adjust specifically for the hd650 . i have have these phone for go on 9 year now and they have never sound better . for a long time i be run they with a creek amp and that setup by the way sound very , very good . if you have these and a creek obh-11 you have better sound than 99.9 % of human . be happy . i be , but my trusty creek get lose in a move . never be satisfy , i begin my search for something that cost less yet sound way better than the creek . at this point you be in diy territory . if you be good with electronics , can read a schematic and can do a professional solder joint , then you too can learn enough to build a great sound headphone amplifier . mine cost i about 65 buck in part and a bit more than that in good audiophile quality tube . it run very hot , and it make the bass just jump off the hd650 . there be very good solid state headphone amp for the 650 , and musical fidelity make a great tubed output stage that will take the edge off a lot of solid state preamp . so you can get wonderful enjoyment out of this set of can even with a solid state amp section . but the hd650 be flat out make to be drive by tube . you have never hear something so balanced , smooth , non-fatiguing and yet with authority up and down the spectrum come through something attach to you head -lrb- unless you have pay substantially more -rrb- . i lose my creek amp , spend a few week source plan and part , get a buddy to help i cut , smooth , weld , powdercoat and drill my chassis , then spend a couple of night put everything together , switch resistor and pot to balance the sound , adjust bias and set up for the high end of the hd650 's rate input voltage , clean the silver contact , and set up . since then i have burn out a tube and replace the pair with a different-sounding pair . not much , but definitely more treble without sacrifice that sweet smoothness that be tube gear 's utter lack of odd-order harmonic distortion . when you clip this thing it still sound nice . it be hard to clip at anything like tolerable listening level , but there be some floyd track that make any amp\/speaker combo nut , and also some hi-fi organ recording that will put you gear into shutdown if you try to play they at actual volume level . in situation like that , the 650 have be pretty well-behaved since switch to tube . with solid state amplification you feel like you might break they if you do not immediately cut the volume under some circumstance , but this setup give i more volume with less stress on the can . i have reach my own peak of happiness with these headphone . i know there be even higher mountain out there to climb , but i have no desire to even try . the hd650 be a stone cold bargain in headphone consider the sound it can deliver . i listen to a lot of choir and small combo jazz on these , as well as my sister and brother-in-law 's piano recording -lrb- they be both work concert pianist as well as music educator -rrb- . so once in a while i get a new piano piece on a sd card in the mail -- the past couple year it have be mostly ravel so i guess i be learn to like ravel . brother-in-law always convert live to apple lossless use the good mic and generally good acoustic and electronics in the university 's recital hall . musician can be picky about they record sound . itunes spit it out to the ipod nano which have surprisingly good sound use a russ andrews interconnect -lrb- inexpensive and highly recommend for good sound breakout from apple product -rrb- . the iphone sound fine as well , but i think the nano sound better . the look of this setup be just fantastic as well . iphone\/ipod with its up-to-the-minute tech and styling , hook up to my homebuilt tube amp , design to evoke in miniature the great marantz tube amp of the past . with a gorgeous pair of hd650 next to it . the one thing i would like be a nice charge dock like the one arcam make with a remote . the russ andrews cable be plenty long enough to not need a remote -- i can just hold the device in my hand and operate it without get up , and the arcam dock will not sound any better . but the cable still will not charge the device . the bottom line of all this gear-bragging , the reason why i go into such detail about the setup i use , be this : all of it be design around my sennheiser hd650 phone . they be the basis for all the effort i put into the rest of it -lrb- okay , that and save significant money over just about any decent retail headphone amp -rrb- . i should get one of those little `` works with iphone '' sticker and put it on my tube amp . if the hd650 ever break , i will probably buy another one just like it , unless somebody can show i a less expensive option that sound better -- which i doubt . one of the great bargain in high fidelity . if you want great sound and can not afford thousand of dollar in amp and speaker , you can get great sound -- privately -- with these can and a minor investment in a good tubed headphone amp or even a good solid state one . when i buy these , you could get they all day long for $ 350 and i get they on sale at $ 290 . you do not see those price today . i figure i be into my current setup -- ipod interconnect , amp and headphone -- for under $ 500 . you will pay more today , but there be simply no cheaper way to get this kind of great sound . period .
979	Headphone	POS	4	this be my first experience with buying and use noise cancel headphone and i do not claim to be a expert at matter concern audio accessory . the headphone , though , work and function accord to my expectation for and understanding of noise cancel headphone . the retractable , self store cord for the plug be a add bonus and the comfort adjustment make use they a pleasant experience .
394	Headphone	POS	5	i get what i order -lrb- rk-138 audio connecting cable -rrb- exactly when it be estimate to arrive and it work perfectly - can not ask for more than that .
110	Headphone	POS	4	first , the good part . these be the second set of jensen headphone i have purchase . they be a very good value compare to some of the other i have try . the downside be that the signal will very slowly drift over the life of the battery , but usually a slight tap of the tuning knob will bring it back . the newer model like this one appear to have better signal aquisition , so this may solve some of the drift problem i see in older model . battery life be pretty good , i usually go through a set every 6-7 day on the old one . -lrb- the old model require 3 aaa 's instead of 2 however -rrb-  now the bad , the production value be rather poor on the electronics in these headphone . my first pair start go rather glitchy on i , sometimes i would have to lightly hit the side to get they to find the signal again , and the battery life start go down drastically . it also would rapidly lose signal when it have this problem . i take they apart and notice that the soldering job be quite substandard , and there be several uninsulated speaker wire that be short out . after put some insulation in on the board , the headphone start work perfectly . i take these apart after i recieve they and notice the same problem . the headphone be also pop loose from its plastic fitting due to substandard glue . both easily fixable if you be good with electronics .
427	Headphone	POS	4	first of all , i do alot of research on canal\/earbud phone -lrb- include read all of these review and many other on other website -rrb- before settle on a pair for purchase . i be pretty much a audiophile however that do not mean i expect pefection with every purchase , i realize there be always go to something that i wish sound , work or be design better . i be also a bargain shopper not willing to shell out $ 500 and up for headphone , mainly because i can not not afford it and i -lrb- like the rest of we -rrb- do not like be overcharge . that be say , let i start with that fact that i actually purchase the sony mdr-ex51lp 's not the mdr-ex71sl 's . the reason ? after my research i discover there be not much difference between the 2 , save the short cord\/extension problem you will read about later and the fact that they carry they at best buy which make it easier to return they if necessary -lrb- i come across comment that state amazon charge you if you decide to return the mdr-ex71sl 's -rrb- . let i start by say i be very satified with my purchase . i buy they about 3 week ago at best buy for $ 39.99 plus tax , roughly the same price amazon be charge for the mdr-ex71sl 's . i be look for earphone that would block a significant amount of exterior sound , fit snugly in the ear and not fall out as well as produce a quality of sound i would appreciate . i can say all of those need be meet with my mdr-ex51lp 's . there be a few thing you should know about these earphone though .  # 1 if you do not like have to fiddle with little thing to get great sound , do not buy these . the multus size silicon earbud covering take a little time to figure out . you must have a complete seal to hear clear bass so play with the size to see which one fit you . i actually luck out and the medium size -lrb- which be already place on the phone -rrb- fit my left ear perfectly give i a understanding of how they should fit . my right ear be not so lucky and after play around i find that the large size be the solution . # 2 you must understand that these phone work like ear plug . you have to fit these baby snugly in you ear or the bass be not distinct and the noise around you will be more audible and not as cleanly `` block out '' . a proper seal be a must !! now this be not nearly as hard or annoying as it sound and once it be do you 'll be happy you buy these . as a side note , the silicon earbud can get quite dirty if you do not use q-tip often so clean you ear ! also this `` ear plug '' sensation will take some get use to -lrb- for i a couple of day -rrb- so have patience .  # 3 part of the complaint i note from other reviewer be the cord of the mdr-ex71sl , apparently it be quite short and design for ipod user and player with arm band capability . sony 's solution be to include a excessively long extension cord that again apparently cause problem -lrb- read the rest of the review -rrb- with its connector . the mdr-ex51lp have the same cord design as the mdr-ex71sl 's -lrb- right side longer than the leave so that the cord can sit behind you head -rrb- save one distinct difference . the cord for the mdr-ex51lp have one long cord like every other pair of headphone you have ever own so it be much easier to deal with . however , due to the similiar behind the head design -lrb- right side longer than leave -rrb- , i do think purchase a clip be necessary to hold the cord in place . i find the extra length of the right side have too much slack and either get in the way or catch on clothing . this sometimes tug on the phone themselves , particularly on the left side . this become a nuissance . also the cord be pretty thin , no problem yet but due to experience in the past with other earphone i fear it could be in the future .  # 4 most importantly , be the sound itself . now this be where thing get complicate . everyone have different taste as how they music should sound so you be go to get vary opinion . i find , with a good seal -lrb- i can not stress this enough -rrb- , the sound be much improve over standard earphone and earbud . i find the eq a little tinny at first but the balance can be even out with a bass booster , this allow capabilty for heavier bass sound . my player have 2 setting of bass boost and i find the first setting to be more than adequate , the 2nd be a bit too much bass for my liking . the external sound around you disappear when music be play and this allow for quiet listening as not to damage you now clean ear . this be key as i travel alot !  so overall , i would say that sony have do a great job . if you want really great sound with the small size and convenience of earbud and you be tire of tinny treble drive phone then these be for you . but if you expect pristine quality sound and bass that bump you out of you chair i suggest you stick with over the head headphone or if you be willing to shell out $ 500 + for the top of the line then go for it . shure 's ec5 's rock . but i , i would rather shell out $ 40 for earphone that give i just what i be look for . if you check out comparable earbud phone you 'll find you 'll end pay more for very simliar result in sound and other trade off of various problem , etc. . i check out shure 's -lrb- ec2 & ec3 -rrb- as well as etymotic -lrb- er-6 -rrb- and there be minute difference in performance and design but huge difference in price !! final word , i rate these only 4 star because of the cord problem and the weak excuse for a cord case -lrb- do not bother it be too time consuming and will break eventually -rrb- but i be extemely please with my purchase and would highly recomend it to anyone look for a reasonably price pair of high end earbud phone . however , i would seriously recomend the following : research all , physically check out all and then buy what you prefer .
132	Headphone	POS	4	headset be a little big , but pretty comfortable . works great -lrb- we have it in we bedroom , so the signal be go only about 10 ft , but sound awesome -rrb- . the only complaint be : headset be big there be a faint hummimg noice -lrb- barely noticeable -rrb- when listen to the tv . not sure if it be the headset or the channel or the tv , but if you listen for it , you will notice it . i would rate this item a -
997	Headphone	POS	5	i have be professionally record for 15 year , and have own these since day 1 . i use these headphone both in the concert hall and in the studio . i recently buy a second pair , just so i have a spare for the day that my first pair die . i highly recommend these headphone for all you recoding and listen need . after 15 year of continual use , the only thing start to happen be that the cover over the foam be just now start to separate . but , i fully expect they to last another 15 year at least .
346	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these after read a article about someone loose a in ear head phone in they ear . so my goal be to move away from my ibeat ear bud and still have decent quality . these head phone deliver . the sound be very nice , with good deep bass . i can turn up my music to the max and not get any distortion . i have slight hearing issue from when i be younger . i get a buzz sound if i listen to anything remotly loud . i have not have any issue with these , even at full volume , and i believe it be due to the high quality of the sound . i love the look of these head phone . i be not a fan of the flashy big head phone with the name plaster for all to see . these be clean look and i do not feel like a dj wear they . they fit really well , and this be from someone with e big head . if i have one complaint , and it be a minor one , it would be that the mic and control button be a little high . it sit right at my neck , so if i want to change track , or pause i have to reach a little high . also , i know it say it control iphone , but it work just fine with my htc rezound .
529	Headphone	POS	5	i have be use these headphone for year . every time i break they or lose they , i go back and buy this same exact model . the be the most comfortable for my ear -lrb- normal in ear bud be very uncomfortable for i -rrb- . i will continue to buy these until they stop sell they .
535	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone have good noise cancelation and sound , but the thin padding on the actual earphone make my ear hurt after a hour or so . i do not have any problem with the folding design and weight of the headphone , like many other reviewer appear to have . if you want good noise cancelation for a affordable price , get these ! to make they more comfortable , simply cut out two earphone-shaped piece of foam or other soft material , take off the muff , put the foam in they , and put the muff back on . after this modification , the headphone do not hurt my ear .
720	Headphone	POS	5	i love these headphone ! i have be use these for a year and a half and i just can not get enough of they . i buy a pair brand new about a year and a half ago , and about a month ago one of the side stop work . so i simply contact the customer service and the woman i talk to be very kind and curtious and help i through the short process of return the broken item . luckily i keep the box and see that they come with a 2 year warranty so they gladly ship i a new pair . all i need be my digital recipt . i love these headphone and they have great sound quality and last i a long time , because i use they every day . so i very much recommend these to my friend .
26	Headphone	POS	5	i have be use these ear bud for a long time now . the first thing i notice be the wide range of sound these bud respect . i listen to a lot of classical music on my sansa c240 . the depth of sound come out for the first time . i could even hear the triangle . they be so dainty in my hand that i do not think they would last very long ; but they be still work like a champ . i work in a industrial setting and sometimes use they as safety ear plug . occasionally i get the cord catch on something and they get yank out of my ear . this be the kind of treatment that typically wear out a set of ear bud ; but these be still good . you mileage may vary . but if and when these thing wear out i 'll be buy another set .
88	Headphone	POS	5	i can not begin to express how satisfied i be with these headphone . since i do not like to write , i 'll keep the review brief : 1 . the headphone sound fantastic ! 2 . i can run in they and they do not fall out ! amazing ! 3 . i accidentally put they in the wash machine and dryer . believe it or not ... they still work -lrb- and they smell nice too -rrb- !!! 4 . buy these .
945	Headphone	POS	5	i have be want wireless tv headphone for year . i have read a recommendation from kim komando about sennheiser and decide to order they . i search amazon , find they and decide to get the middle-of the road model from those offer . i be not pleased that these headphone do what i want they to do . they range reach all part of my home but there be a awful pronounced hiss always and dead spot even at 10-15 foot . so far the charge last a long time . i would not buy they again . be look for another product without these shortcoming . i would give they 2 star . this be a re-review from my last and ithe editing procedure will not allow i to change my original star rating of 5 to 2 star .
217	Headphone	POS	4	i love these earbud . they sound great and they be very comfortable . i could wear these for hour on end without my ear get sore . i even think the little case be a good idea to keep the earbud clean and intact . i only wish they come with a case big enough to put the cord in too . they last i several year until i lose they . then i go look for another pair just like they .
368	Headphone	POS	5	after read and look at review online , i think i find the perfect headphone for the gym , i love the soul by ludacris sl150 for they full sound but there be a little too bulky for gym . these m-80 's be pretty compact , they look amazing , the material be top notch and feel very durable . now on to the disappointing part : the sound . review hail these headphone as `` amazing sound '' , so since i listen to a variety of music genre , i be excite to try they . i know there be a break-in period of probably 24hrs so for a entire week , i plug they to my pc and have itunes play all night at 1\/4 volume . the sound be still flat and dull , i have to change the setting to `` bass booster '' to get a decent sound bass , even on dance and hip hop track . all in all , i will keep these because they be so compact but when i be home , i grab my sl150 's . update : well , i guess i do not give it enough time to break-in or something be loose inside the headphone but all of sudden , they come alive ! the high and mid be clearer and the low can now be feel . sorry about my initial poor review mr. kolton , you build a great headphone .
40	Headphone	POS	5	the combination of earhook and in ear piece be a perfect fit for my husband . he love the great sound and secure placement .
789	Headphone	POS	5	we purchase 2 of these for we 22 month old and 3 year old just before we trip to hawaii . we 3 year old loved these . they fit perfectly on she . love how easily you can adjust the size . amazing that it fit we own adult big head too ! love the sound limiter too - we do not have a limiter for we odyssey van , and we have find that we daughter tend to play with the volume and make it way too loud . this limiter give we peace of mind that she would not lose she hearing ! the length of the cord be great too - very long . we 22 month old do not like have the headphone on she head , but i be guess she 'll wear they as she get older . overall , very happy with this purchase . definitely make the airplane ride easier for we !
471	Headphone	POS	4	i have buy three pair of these . one i lose ... one i manage to knock off the the screen , and the third be do well . i have be very happy with the fit . . however , on the hardiness factor i have knock off a screen and manage to lose one of the rubber ring around the headphone . i wish they would replace they or have replacement part for they . i really love these headphone because they fit no matter if i have my hair up or down . . and hold snugly if i drop my walkman . . i think they be very good sound especially for around $ 9.00 . i mean what do you expect for that kind of money ?
84	Headphone	POS	5	when i first open the box on this headset i think how cheap it feel . but after use it i be glad it be light . do not be fool , the sennheiser quality be there . i be totally hooked on this headeset now ! i just wish the battery be cheaper and time will tell how long they really last . also still not sure why amazon be sell additional headset for this setup at a higher price .
679	Headphone	POS	5	let i start off by say i have a horrible first experience with this set of headphone . when i first get they , there be a very obvious , constant static sound out of the right earphone . i email customer service and they tell i to send it in . annoying . two day later , i get a email back from they say a replacement pair be on the way . they replace my headphone almost immediately . one of the best customer service experience i have ever have . even before the burn in , the headphone boast extremely clear sound , beat out my dad 's $ 300 bose pair he get a year back . bass - unmatched . would not change a thing . it be like play the bass on a really expensive steinway and compare it to a simple upright . treble - extremely good . melody of any genre of music i listen to sing out , and be very clear . high - alright . not the best i have hear , as the sound can get quite harsh at time . comfort - it take some get use to . the odd design require that you put the headphone in and pull they around behind the ear . this be make easier by a bendable wire come off of the headphone themselves , allow you to shape the wire around you ear . it take a while to really get it down , but once you do they sit very comfortably -lrb- although they do go a bit far into the ear -rrb- . these headphone sound like those over-the-ear monster that cost you a arm and you spleen , but be very small and only will cost you a finger -lrb- be finger ~ $ 20 these day ? -rrb- . overall the best pair of headphone i have ever own . highly recommend
485	Headphone	POS	4	good headphone for watch tv . easy to use , i just plug it into my headphone jack on my tuner , which be connect to my tv . the only problem i have be that the headphone be lose and can fall off if and when i bend over to pick something up ...
376	Headphone	POS	5	great for the money . they sound decent for non ear bud phone on a mp3 player but backgrond sound be not as efficintly block . but if you like i and can not use ear bud this be a great alternative
732	Headphone	POS	5	i be impressed with this little nuforce hdp both as a dac and as a headphone amplifier ; which be high praise from someone who own a $ 15,000 headphone rig with stax sr-007 , sennheiser he60 and hd800 headphone , a woo wes amp , eddie current zdt amp , and ps audio perfectwave dac . the hdp seem to offer a lot of performance in a small package , and easily outperform my original nuforce icon amp that i buy may 2008 for my computer desktop . and the beauty be that it be small enough that i can use the hdp 's superior dac to feed the original icon when i want to listen to speaker -lrb- both amp be the same size -rrb- . the feature list be quite full , include 24\/96 bit rate usb and 3.5 mm 24\/96 optical input , 24\/192 coax input , rca or 3.5 mm analog input , 1\/4 '' headphone output , and variable output level rca preamp out . not many dac in this price range offer 24 bit\/96 khz sampling rate , and even my 2x more costly apogee mini-dac only do 24\/48 via usb . the hdp use 24\/96 usb input from my macbook beat all my other $ 100 - $ 500 usb dac\/amps in the house , and even beat the headphone output of my apogee mini-dac with usb . the hdp 's rca line-out seem almost equivalent to the apogee 's 1\/8 '' line-out as well , where the apogee seem to be a little more refined sound at time -lrb- if use my upgrade sigma 11 power supply -rrb- . the hdp be very detailed and transparent , with good sense of air and space , and offer a deeper soundstage than the apogee headphone out . the hdp bass have great extension and impact , with rich mid and sparkly crisp treble . and it be just a little to the warm side of neutral , so i can still enjoy it with brighter headphone like my hd800 or head-direct he-5 . likewise it be also a good match for my hd600 headphone and my re-cabled denon d7000 which can sound darker on the wrong amp . some amplifier that be good with full-size headphone may not be a good match with very sensitive in ear monitor -lrb- aka earphones or iem -rrb- , and they might have noise , or hiss that be not otherwise detectable with full-size phone . well , that be not a problem here . i find the hdp to be a excellent match with all my very sensitive universal and custom mold in ear monitor , include monster turbine pro gold , westone 2 , westone 3 , westone es3x , ultimate ears 11pro and jh audio 13pro . it do a very good job with all of they , despite they widely vary sound signature . the ue11pro can sometimes be bass heavy or have some recessed midrange with the wrong amp ; but neither of these be a problem with the hdp , even though it be not a bass-lite or forward sound amplifier . how they manage to squeeze such good sound into a price this low be unclear to i , because you basically have to spend $ 700 - $ 900 for a better dac -lrb- apogee or stello -rrb- and $ 700 - $ 1,000 for a better amp -lrb- upgrade woo wa6 or alo amphora -rrb- , and you would have to buy both a dac and amp to get most of the feature of the hdp . -lrb- except for analog input for ipod or other player , where many dac 's do not include those -rrb- . i will conclude by mention a couple of issue that i have . the hdp sound very good with a wide variety of headphone , but it might not be optimal with all of they . with my head-direct hifiman he-5 and grado hf-2 , if i try to play those headphone at very high volume level -lrb- closer to max -rrb- then the sound can get a little strident and fatiguing in the high . i have hear this same thing with the he-5 and a $ 700 grahm slee solo srg ii , and that be probably because the he-5 be very difficult to drive low impedance headphone and require a lot of current . with the he-5 headphone this happen at volume level that be much higher than my woo wa6 tube amp can hope to achieve , so if i never try to play the hdp louder than my wa6 i would not have hear this . the grado hf-2 can be a little boost in the upper mid and lower treble , and they just seem to respond better to my tube amp to tone they down a notch when try to play they at very loud level -lrb- level that would be damaging or harmful for more than a few minute -rrb- . at normal to moderately loud level this be never a issue . another issue be that the volume pot can have some channel imbalance at the very low end of the volume control when use very sensitive in ear monitor which do not require turn up the volume knob very much . this be common with most lower price gear when use iem , but can be alleviate by turn down the computer system volume if you be use the usb input . however , none of these issue would prevent i from highly recommend this product . it make i eager to think about try they high-end product at some point .
95	Headphone	POS	4	i think these headphone sound great , but they be a little tight on the head . i read some other review that mention it , but think , `` maybe they just have a big head ? '' . i think my head be pretty normal size , but these headphone be pretty uncomfortable . after about 1 to 2 hour you have to adjust they to a different spot because you start get ear fatigue , which eventually radiate to the whole area around you ear . once you take the headphone off the pain go away , so no permanent damage ; -rrb- i use these for work , so i be wear they for around 6 hour a day , so i have get use to how uncomfortable they be and consider i be use earbud i be excite to have the hd 202 . if you can not deal with the aforementioned pain , i would suggest a different pair of headphone , because even though they be affordable you will not enjoy they for long .
643	Headphone	POS	4	i love anything by bose , but the price for these headphone be not mark down from the list price -lrb- the bose site have they list at the same price that amazon consider `` discount '' -rrb-
475	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone be awesome . i like the open ear design where i can hear what be go on around i . very durable and good sound quality . have be use for a year with no issue
297	Headphone	POS	5	i be no audiophile or anything , i usually just go with the cheap behind the head headphone or something , but i get a promotion at work and very soon after someone sit on my old pair , so i figure i would replace they with something nice to celebrate . i look around for the best pair i could find for a reasonable price , and these seem like the choice . i be blow away by these - the bass response be incredible . i feel like i can hear every instrument that be playing , i can hear the bass like no other headphone i have ever experience , they be comfortable and the cord be long enough so i can move around at my desk and still be plug in . i do not think i have even begin to scratch the surface with these since i just plug it into my ipod , instead of a professional amplifier or something , and my audio bitrate be 128 or maybe 192 but man these thing be sweet . its hard to bring they to work since they be so large and i be afraid of break they -lrb- they seem sturdy but have the dj flip thing go on and i be a bit clumsy with my headphone -rrb- , but other than that these be a engineering marvel . if you do not have these , you have not really listen to you music yet .
710	Headphone	POS	4	i be past 60 and for my age , my listening be worsen day by day that too after a surgery on my right ear . earlier i use to enjoy tv program -lrb- like discovery , national geography , hbo , star movies etc -rrb- almost till midnight . nowadays the tv program be become more and more garbled -lrb- to i ! -rrb- and could not enjoy the music and understand dialogue . i think i have to settle down for the rest of my life with this deficiency . i hear about wireless headphone which can be use for listen to tv program . i read all review about sennheiser wireless headphone and the almost unanimous recommendation by user . earlier day it be difficult to get these world class electronic device in india . however thing be improve and to my surprise i could get this headphone slightly above the international price -lrb- r . 3,500 equivalent to about $ 75 -rrb- . i have use this for the past 2 week and i think i have make the right decision to go ahead with sennheiser . once i wear this and listen to tv , i be in new world altogether . the sound be so crisp and clear and i do not miss even one small whisper in movie and i be surprised how wonderful the normal mundane song be with lot of additional instrument , which be not hear earlier ! the range be quite astonishing . i live in a two storeyed concrete building and when i wear this and go to open terrace , i could still hear tv program -lrb- of course slight deterioration because of concrete structure -rrb- . within the house i can roam around all room and still do not have to miss anything . the battery last reasonably well -lrb- i have to change only once during the past 2 week -rrb- . i feel instead of rechargeable battery of rs120 or rs130 -lrb- which have almost identical specification -rrb- , this replaceable battery be better because we can always use nimh battery and separate charger , thereby ensure better reliability . overall i feel this investment be really go to serve i well .
385	Headphone	POS	4	pro : - good noise isolation . i find this best when work out at la fitness . this be where you appreciate not have to turn up the volume . - excellent in-line control with mic , better than apple 's oem in-ear headphone . playback control do work for -lrb- middle button -rrb- pause , play , rewind , previous , forward , and volume up\/down -lrb- upper and lower button -rrb- . very tactile button but the play\/pause be a little bit depressed . clicks also work on you desktop itunes . mic have very good voice quality for incoming and outgoing call , also better than apple 's . - choice of three set of earplug to fit ear . the smallest pair fit my ear the most and the fit feel natural . con : - too much base , contribute to that be the nice fit to the point that you can not distinguish subtle arrangement in the music . i wish they balance the base with the vocal and other instrument to achieve clarity . - cheaply make : cheap plastic , cheap construction , in fact one of the earplug be now lose and i could not get a decent pair . i find similarly size earbud that fit the sennheiser , but they do not replicate the original . i have this and klipsch s5us and sony dr-ex61ip . i like the klipsch overall for balance in arrangement -- the base do not submerge everything , and the big inline control be a home run for i . the sennheiser win in noise isolation -- i carry it on board airline cabin and they work really nice without have to up the volume but the tiny control make you guess all the time .
435	Headphone	POS	5	i have have both vibe vmoda headphone -lrb- the metal one , not the plastic one -rrb- and a pair of dennon black in ear headphone . although i have the dennon 's for a couple of year , which could have cause some sound quality to drop , there be not a noticeable difference between these headphone and the dennon 's -lrb- i paid about $ 60 for the dennon 's on amazon . -rrb- i would definitely say these be very comparable to many $ 40 to $ 80 in-ear on the market . they come with all the accessory you would expect from a quality pair of headphone , with a case and insert . i be a stickler for sound , but could not shell out another $ 60 for some nice one and think i would have to settle for these , but have actually be suprize instead . i have consider buy another pair so i would have they on reserve ... one note , if you plan to use they while move quickly -lrb- like on a motorcycle or scooter -rrb- , they do have bad wind noise . i suppose i should not wear they in this situation anyway ... definitely worth the $ 20 !
467	Headphone	POS	5	buy they for my husband he be very satisfied with they power and clarifity would recommend they great set of headphone for the price .
276	Headphone	POS	5	they be similar to the over-the-ear headphone that bose previously produce . they be basically a newer , better version . as always , the sound quality be excellent , crisp , and the bass be more than sufficient . comfort be one of the best feature as always . they be lightweight , flexible , with the memory-foam like cushion . absolutely incredible . would highly recommend . bose never fail to impress .
419	Headphone	POS	4	still one of the best fitting and best value headphone . i buy 'em 10 at a time for my child .
975	Headphone	POS	4	i think for the price this headphone set work quite well on occasion the sound be block from one of the mike and some scratch noise be hear . . but this be not often and for the purpose of listen to 30 second music file which be why i buy it i can live with it . .
833	Headphone	POS	4	i buy a similarly price set of wireless headphone when my first child be bear , to allow we to watch tv at a realistic volume and not wake up we little light sleeper . they be problematic , hurt you ear so much that we need to take a break while watch anything longer than a sitcom , static abound , and eventually neither of we could stand they anymore . after lot of research , i settle on this offering from sennheiser , have decent review and be not terribly expensive . now 3 year later , i still love they just as much , and have have no issue at all . here be my observation , and also address some `` con '' list by other reviewer : 1 -rrb- status\/hissing noise . this seem to be a problem when the headphone volume be turn up high . we be irritated with inconsistent static at first , until we discover that if we turn we stereo\/amp up to the max , the headphone volume do not need to be up very high at all , and have experience no static or hissing noise under these circumstance . some static will also be present when the battery be run low , but as long as you keep they in the charge station when not in use , that really should not be a problem . 2 -rrb- range seem pretty good . i have even go into the next room to my kitchen to wash dish or make a snack during a commercial , and be able to listen the whole time without cut out . a trip to we garage for laundry , however , cut in and out with some static . 3 -rrb- sound quality . i be not a expert , but i would rate these as be `` very good '' . not the same as we home stereo system , but i would say on par with sound from you tv . 4 -rrb- design . these phone be very comfortable . i have a small head , and these adjust fine without fall off . my husband have have friend over for gaming who have large noggin , and all say these be very comfortable , even after hour of wear . they sit on you ear , and be not what i would call `` sound-isolating '' headphone . you can hear ambient noise , but i prefer that . you could still hear a baby cry , and can detect when someone be try to talk to you , though may not be able to hear the conversation until you remove the headphone . if you truly want to be in you own world and not hear anything else , these be not the headphone for you . 5 -rrb- durability . as i have say , we be past 3 year and still never have a problem . we be not abusive or rough with they , but they have be sit on , drop , etc , with no issue . 6 -rrb- charge station . the charge unit be pretty big , and fit two headphone if you be careful . i can not believe the negative comment i have read about these be so difficult to charge . there be groove on the headphone so you know exactly where they be suppose to rest - it be not rocket science . we have a second pair , and get the 2nd headphone on correctly so that both charge take slightly more work , basically just make sure they be both touching , which often just involve push back slightly when you put the 2nd one on . if you expect to just toss they on the charger as if you be play horseshoe , then , yes , you will have problem . but if you walk up to the charger and place they on , you 'll be fine . ultimately , very please with these headphone . highly recommend !
918	Headphone	POS	4	instead of these headphone , i recommend the the $ 12.99 sony fontopium . they be much better , cheaper , and you can find they in store easily -lrb- so that if you do not like they , you can easily return they -rrb- . you can even get they with the inline volume control for $ 15 ; those sound much better than the mdr-ed21lp .
18	Headphone	POS	5	these be cool look headphone and really grap you ear well !! comfortable too ! sound quality be very good , deep bass , clear sound and no noise with high volume !! recommend !!
449	Headphone	POS	5	it only be a month but so far so good . sound great and look very durable -lrb- a must as my headphone usually do not last long -rrb- . fantastic price especially as i have they ship to the uk . well worth it !
811	Headphone	POS	5	with a price like this , one can not really expect to have excellent quality headphone or comfortable ear pad , but sennheiser prove this wrong . first of all , the head strap be on top of you head and not behind . this allow you to lean back in a chair or lie down while listen to music which be something i enjoy . the ear pad enclose you ear in a way that no sound escape and it produce bass sound that no normal speaker can make . these be indeed bulkier than earbud , but be well worth the weight . actually , the weight of these be pretty light compare to most other ear enclose headphone which make they great for almost anything . these probably be not the best for run with -lrb- however i find it pointless to run while listen to music because a car might hit you -rrb- , but if you do happen to run with they , they will stay on you head . these be not you normal flimsy 8 $ pair , but for the cost of what they be , the stability and quality sound be more than well worth the bargain . i use these mainly for my desktop computer in which i use winamp , fl studio , audacity , skype , windows live messenger , web browsing , and various game . i have never worn anything better . there be only one small flaw that do not really matter , but after a lot of wear , the headphone will take shape and will not compress onto you head as much as they have when you first buy they . lastly , a comfortable length of cord come with this great pair of headphone along with a connector for a amp . all i can say be that there be never be a day where i do not want they .
343	Headphone	POS	4	these headphone and other -lrb- in some different color , and design -rrb- can be find at you local dollar store . that a savings of 88 cent . so get and up go there !
320	Headphone	POS	5	before i look a long airplane trip to asia , my husband recommend that i purchase these sennheiser headphone . i insist that i do not need they , and he argue right back that i would not be regret buy they . ahem . yes , sometimes husband can be right . the over-the-ear design ensure that most sound -- even the annoying whine of jet engine -- be minimize . i have no idea how loud airplane be until i put these on instead of the airline supply ear bud and my better , but still inadequate , ipod bud . i listen to my ipod and the in-flight movie for hour before my ear tire . the sound quality be much better in a quiet environment than in a noisy one since , yes , some noise get through . for those who listen to music in a office or in a college dorm , the fact that they do not leak much sound be a huge plus . my only complaint be that they do not fold or collapse to take up less space in my briefcase . these make a great gift for the traveler or just for someone who want lightweight , comfortable headphone .
327	Headphone	POS	5	this be my very first pair of over-20-bucks-headphone . i be very impressed with the sound quality , it be really great . the price be totally worth it . the case be big enough even to carry my zune , the headphone sound great , loud and clear in every single note . i listen to a lot of soundtrack and trailer music that be mostly orchestral or simply instrumental with very rich sound and i have make sure to challenge this earphone to the max . they have not fail . very happy so far .
647	Headphone	POS	5	i have several high quality product to choose from , but primarily this one along with set from amphony . we home be heavily electronicize , with several 5.4 ghz product , wireless networking and a phone system , and we live in a high density metropolitan area , so i opt for infrare -lrb- ir -rrb- transmission since it can not be interfere with like radio-frequency -lrb- rf -rrb- system . overall , the experience have be exceptional : - the quality of the audio be wonderful , and there be user-selectable setting for ambience and material . - i be use the analog input for the input from my receiver , and the optical input for the output from my 24 '' imac ; the optical input require specialty cable , as do the coaxial input . - reception be excellent , although it worsen if i sit 90 degree off center ; we unit be on a swivel tv , minimize this kind of problem . - i be tall , with a fairly large head , but the fit of the headphone have be very good , as well as feeling fairly light , and i have have no issue with comfort . - we use rechargeable battery around the home , and the unit use aa battery , as well as come with high-quality sony rechargeable battery and a built-in recharger . - review from several online source be very positive , the only middling review from a self-professed audiophile who prefer the amphony headset . con -lrb- minor -rrb- : - replace the battery be a little cumbersome , as i require a small prop , like a letter opener , to pop out the battery . - unlike rf headphone , you can walk outside the range of these , either via walk far away , or by walk into another room , but that be the primary issue with this type of headphone , and i buy it with the awareness .
851	Headphone	POS	4	i have research bluetooth stereo headset and find these to be the best combination of affordability , build quality , and sound quality . sure enough , they live up to what the professional reviewer say !
827	Headphone	POS	4	great value , my only complaint be that i just do not get the lopsided cable configuration but not a big deal .
907	Headphone	POS	5	i can crank these and my sound card up all the way and still not hear any noise , which be amazing . the bass response be pretty good , but it seem to overdo it sometimes . towards the end of long session wear they , they get uncomfortable , but the first few hour be fine . there be basically no noise isolation , which be good for some people , bad for other . i have have more comfortable headphone , that be more adjustable , sound better , and have noise isolation . they cost several time as much , though . the movie\/music switch on mine do not seem to do anything .
131	Headphone	POS	5	i just preview a pair of jvc that i keep in we coach . my husband also buy these so i will have they for we bedroom . -lrb- i be one of the rare people that tv put right to sleep -rrb- . these be soft on the ear , the sound be amazing and they allow i to put i head on the pillow . one other brand keep i from put my head comfortable on the pillow . they be so comfortable . my husband sleep and i can enjoy my program at any amount of sound i want .
718	Headphone	POS	4	but ... it be a little quiet . fit comfortably , my ear do not get uncomfortable after prolonged use , this really could have also benefit from one wire come from a cup . but they work , and they be cheap . i can not complain .
461	Headphone	POS	5	i have be use these most day for a couple of week now and i think they be well worth the ten buck . i have a larger head -lrb- i wear a 7.75 hat -rrb- and these fit comfortably . i agree with other poster that if you have they on for more than about a hour you start to really notice they where they go over the top of the ear , but for a hour workout they be perfect . my gym play hard rock music way to loud and these work great to tune it out . they fold flat similar to a pair of glass when not in use and i can carry they around in my pocket with a ipod and they be not too obnoxious . bottom line , great price for a good product .
528	Headphone	POS	4	do not come with r\/l rca type plug to accommodate tv . small control hard to use for older user . otherwise good value .
842	Headphone	POS	4	great headphone for my need . i do my research on this item and the sennheiser 's be the best for the price for hear my sony tv . sound quality be great even though , for example , if you lay they down or pause you tv , after a short while , the headphone return to a ` static ' state which would disturb some people , but not i . they be good headphone and i recommend they .
153	Headphone	POS	5	these be the best headphone i have ever have the joy of use to listen with ! i love it ! the sound be so crisp and clear , the noise cancellation really work ! they fit so comfortably in my ear , and they do not fall out unless you want they to . i will definitely buy this again , except there be one thing you should be aware of . i have not own they for more than 4 month , when one headphone quit work . i be very disappointed . after all that time of enjoy highest quality all around , without empty my bank account for it , they break after normal use . i believe that this be a fluke , and i be already purchase a replacement , but be aware of this , and keep the warranty , which i do not . overall , buy this product !
649	Headphone	POS	5	i really like these headphone , they fit in my ear perfectly . i just buy my second pair of they because the first one do break after a year but for the price it be well worth it . the sound quality be great and you can get like 10 for the price of some of the expensive headphone .
676	Headphone	POS	5	for my purpose -lrb- watch tv in my room silently so as not to bother my husband -rrb- , these be perfect . easy to install , comfortable , and the sound quality be perfect . money well spend !
190	Headphone	POS	5	the j3 micro earbud be fantastic . to anyone look for some great earbud look no further the quality of theses earbud for the money be unsurpassed . i will be buy another pair of these just to have a spare . great job jlab . oh and to anyone talk about the tiny sound . learn how to put they in you ear , it make all the difference this be the case with all the micro earbud i have try , they must be seat in you ear properly .
989	Headphone	POS	4	i buy this amp to power a set of akg k240 mkius 's and some grado sr60i 's from my zune hd mp3 player . it be great . the grado 's take less power than the akg 's , so they be a little louder , perfect actually , because i 'll find myself have about 3 notch leave to adjust a little higher on song record quieter . i have yet to try the akg 's with the amp , but do not expect anything amazing because they be pull a 55ohm load for they volume , and that be alot . as far as feature go , it be full of they . it have a bass boost switch which i always keep on because i truly think they then sound fuller , and the rechargable battery be a great thing because i can come home and charge the amp right alongside my zune and cell phone and everything will be ready in the morning . thanks fiio for a grrreat product ! well worth the money .
436	Headphone	POS	5	easy to setup and work really well . able to move about my whole house while listen to my music with no interference .
53	Headphone	POS	4	just super sound come form this small device . i use it when i travel on the airplane and discover i do not need the bulky expensive noise cancel headphone . with the ear plug nicely place , all you hear be great sound , and its easy to carry around . definitely recommend it .
707	Headphone	POS	5	for some reason i can not wear earbud headphone , i have try all kind and they be not comfortable and do not stay in my ear . so i have try just about every neckband and over ear design sport headphone out there ... until i find these and now i will never buy another type of headphone for run and work out . the sennheiser pmx70 headphone be not only incredibly comfortable , durable and water\/sweatproof but they sound amazing . i be not expect the sound quality to be this high in a sport model . i have run many many mile in these through rain , wind , snow , sleet , etc. and they sound just as amazing as when i buy they -lrb- over a year ago -rrb- . i pay $ 50 for they and would do it again in a heartbeat even though i see the price have come down to about half that now . if you do not like earbud or can not wear they and need a sturdy , high quality sport headphone - this be it .
22	Headphone	POS	5	my wife research headphone for play at the gym and while travel . i buy a splitter so we could listen to the same source with she headphone and my sony headphone . i could never hear the material as well as she could so i decide to get these . what take i so long ?? they work great .
10	Headphone	POS	5	before purchase this product , i have be read about people recommend the sennheiser hd555 's and whatnot and it concern i if the ad700 's be really the better deal . what i really want be a set of headphone that could be use for gaming and watch movies\/listening to music in general . as soon as the headphone arrive i be blow away by the soundstage that it carry . i play game such as cs 1.6 and previously with my old headphone i could hear the general location of where thing be , and with these new headphone i could hear the precise location of where every grenade land , to the extent that it shock i . as i be grind the headphone in for the first few hour the sound quality seem a little weak at first , but as soon as a week or two pass by the sound become amazing . i enjoy these headphone so much that even as i be wear they i feel like i be listen to my surround sound speaker . a thing to note that it be hard to adjust to the switch of use headphone mainly compare to speaker -lrb- as i do not realize how loud the headphone actually be since i forget that i be use headphone and not the speaker , mean the loud sound you get at that close range might be dangerous -rrb- . all in all , the headphone be fantastic and worth the money , as i doubt i will be need any new replacement in the future . oh and , the appearance of the headphone in person do not look as cheap as it seem on the picture you see ; actually , they seem like high-class headphone , a luxurious set of headphone make with lovely material that make you feel like a king .
259	Headphone	POS	4	i have be use this headphone for last 3-4 week . nice headphone with clear sound at very low price . recommend it to anyone look for a cheap but good quality headphone .
927	Headphone	POS	5	for something that be about half the price of every other set of bluetooth stereo headphone out there , i be expect something with a terrible build and limited functionality . these be pretty amazing , consider ! they be comfortable enough , they sound be great , the build be actually quite good , they seem pretty durable , and the case be surprisingly nice and well build as well . i use these primarily for listen to music on my phone while run or do yard work , and they have prove to make the whole experience much nicer . answer a call while in use be a breeze , and the microphone be adequate for a clear phone call . the only strange little flaw be they tend to loose connectivity if i have my phone in my left pocket -lrb- on the opposite side of my body from the earphone with the receiver -rrb- , though all be well if it be in my right pocket . highly recommend !
44	Headphone	POS	5	to preface this , i have have these headphone for around a month so far , so they be break in and have be test in a variety of situation . as a music producer , i demand high quality , transparent sound reproduction in headphone and speaker , but as a average american , i require these product to be affordable . i have hear a lot about these portapro , so i give it a shot and order some . look : these headphone have a 80s retro look to they -- so retro , i be afraid to go out with these , wary that woman pass by might point and laugh at i . i do not get these to strut around with , but if that be you plan , i would not recommend it . i personally love the old school look , though . construction : at first when i open up the packaging , it surprise i how small these thing be . it dawn on i that i may have to replace they soon . . the metal band look too thin , the foam pad appear to be flimsy and the cord i feel would snap with minor tug . i be wrong ... i have put these through a lot so far this month : i have throw they , wear they in 30 degree weather , sit on they , stretch they out too far , yet nothing seem to phase these ! no wonder they have be in production for more than 25 year . sound : huge . anything play well on these : rock , americana , two-step , idm ... really , anything . i be astounded by how loud and clear these little headphone can be . in audacity , i make a sweeping tone and find that the portapros cover the entire frequency spectrum with ease . i do not have much else to say , these headphone deliver . get they . they be comfortable , portable -lrb- duh -rrb- , crisp , clear and cheap .
534	Headphone	POS	5	i buy this know that the blackberry torch be not list on the compatibility list and that the control be design for the iphone . my mistake , but it do not mean that this headset be not awesome . it be . sound quality be very focus on basis , even with some vibration if you allow yourself to hear music at loud volume . for hear podcast while walk be great ! , the voice be crisp and the noise isolation do not allow distraction on the silence . some have say that the cable create noise artifact while on the move , but i use they while walk i hear no artifact or noise whatsoever . on the blackberry torch , this headset work just like a normal earbud . play button answer a call but the mic doe not turn on and can not hear the caller through the earbud . media control be also useless on the torch . you be warn , this seem to only work on the phone list .
609	Headphone	POS	5	pro : sound quality , comfort , easy recharge , long battery hour con : hiss noise during silent scene , not great bass
197	Headphone	POS	5	the overall performance -lrb- sound quality , bass , etc. -rrb- exceed my expectation . no disrespect to sony , but i always assume bose provide a better product -lrb- especially at the $ 100 price point -rrb- . these headset prove i wrong . one big note for air traveler - very nice surprise be the noise cancel capability . grant not complete like the over the ear noise cancel headset , but very sufficient for a in the ear bud .
154	Headphone	POS	5	i be not a headphone snob , i be just look for a great headphone at a good price . the cord be very nice and flexible and they come with a bunch of different ear adapter ... take the time to get the fit right . the fact that there be a case be great ... the fact that there be no winder or some way to constrain the cord in the case be a minus . but i do not expect to get a case ... so i can not downvote on a extra . the best bass i have ever experience in a in-ear headphone . tl ; dr buy they , they be good .
272	Headphone	POS	5	i buy these to replace a older model from sennheiser which finally fail at the plug connection . i be a runner and triathlete so my headphone go through hell . the two cable length be great . i use the short length when i just have my ipod on a arm band . the longer cable be great for colder weather and the ipod be in a pocket . the headphone stay in place no matter what which be the main reason i buy this style . they sound good too and sound better if you ipod or mp3 have tone control . the older one fail because i hardly ever unplug they from my ipod and sweat have migrate from the arm band to the jack and the salt cake the plug tight . twist it to get it out break the molded plug cover loose and the connection fail after a time . i now unplug and clean after use . lesson learn the hard way .
329	Headphone	POS	5	i find these headphone quite comfortable , even after a few hour of use . i be surprised to see many review say that they be extremely uncomfortable . sure they be not the most comfortable headphone i have worn , but they be pretty good . pro : dazzling detail . exhilarating `` surround '' experience . in-your-face presence ... like be in the front seat at a concert . and good balance : it be exciting to hear the crisp treble , warm mid , and full-but-unexaggerated bass - all at once . con : the treble can sound a bit harsh at time , depend on the recording , especially for classical music . i just turn down the treble a bit for those recording , and the result be easier on my ear . they do not block out external noise at all , and other in the room will easily hear you music as they ` leak ' sound . but i have read that ` open ' headphone like these have potentially better sound quality than isolate one .
663	Headphone	POS	4	yes ... they probably would snap if you be not careful . but these headphone be not cheap or flimsy . they simply require care . i can only imagine the last fellow to review the headphone try put they on over he head whereas the are of the new variety that rest behind you neck ... that be the most likely scenario to i that lead to they break . sound be good . comfort be passable for 2-3 hour . the software add-on be a excellent way to just get music instead of all window default sound . all in all the headphone be a very nice , modern solution in a world of lcd 's and wireless keyboard and mouse which all contribute to the clutter free desktop nicely . if you be wonder whether or not to but these headphone , trust a guy for once and go ahead and buy these if you be on the fence about it .
263	Headphone	POS	4	when i purchase the cv123 combo pack -lrb- which buy the way be not even close to worth buying -rrb- , these headphone be part of the pack . as for as sound go , it be average . it be pretty flat , no really big bass or good treble , but it be not terrible . they be also very comfortable , and be not too big . the durability be pretty poor , however . they do not last very long so buy two or three . but for barely above a dollar , these be a definite buy . if they be more expensive then say five dollar , then i would go for some sony .
386	Headphone	POS	5	i really have to say that for this price , you usally think you can not get too much of a good piece of equipment , but that be not always true . these be great headphone , especially if all you use they for be for now and then , the n they really serve they purpose . now if you want some super duper acoustic marvelous headphone then buy those that cost you 300 buck and up .
977	Headphone	POS	5	i can not do earbud because my ear be too small and they always fall out . these be not as loud as my other behind the ear headphone , but they be so much more comfortable and the bass be awesome !
108	Headphone	POS	4	i purchase these to run with , as the ear bud fall out . for run and exercise these thing work excellently . good sound , comfortable , and -lrb- most importantly -rrb- they do not fall out . now when i wear they to the gym i notice they look a bit odd as they follow you ear contour and thus stick out a bit - but consider all the other weird outfit that be at the gym i feel fully comfortable with these on .
585	Headphone	POS	5	look for inexpensive , close headphone , i almost buy some cheapy at my local department store , but hold off due to disappointing sound & build quality . boy , be i glad i wait . i start look for more expensive & better quality headphone . i find the latter . at a couple buck -lrb- as in 2 or 3 -rrb- more than the cheapie , i get just what i want : outstanding sound reproduction for all sort of music type and noise damp with the closed cup -lrb- my wife complain when i wear they to listen to news\/music in bed -- she 'll be talk to i and realize a minute later that i have not hear a word -rrb- . this be great value , in my book . comfort have not be a issue ; i 'll wear they for hour without a thought . i suppose if you do not care for pressure on you ear ... probably other , similar headphone might be more comfortable for some , but could they match the sound quality and price , too ? i doubt it .
612	Headphone	POS	4	i think that the volume could be better it be not very loud . i could be jammin a little more . but , they be comfortable and they do not rest directly on my ear -lrb- maybe i have small ear -rrb- . the headphone have a very long cord i can actually sit on my sofa and hook they up to my ps3 . good product !
303	Headphone	POS	5	it be easy to hook up and work great , the sound and music be very clear . i didnt know what i be miss until i buy this product .
742	Headphone	POS	4	what i like about these headphone be the comfort . they come with ear piece in various size ; it be easy to find one that fit my ear well and do not pop out easily . the cord be a good length to connect with my ipod in my pocket or on my desk . my son , a 17-year-old audiophile , be far more impressed by the sound quality than he have be by the more-expensive set he buy at the apple store .
963	Headphone	POS	4	great for run and cycling - the earphone do not budge no matter how much move you do . basic exercise like run and cycling do nothing to shake they . there be a part that go over the ear like a web that be make of soft rubber material which be a key feature for its comfort and prolonged wearability . these be not exactly audiophile earphone , but you get use to they . if you mp3 player have a user adjustable eq then all the better . i have hear better earphone , but these be pretty good . clearly some compromise have be make , but they seem to have come out on the good side of acceptable . they do not rest flatly in the cavum concha , brace by the tragus and antitragus , as with standard fontopoid style phone , but be instead hold in place by the plastic band at a inwardly direct angle . this be a step in the right direction in term of comfort and stayputiveness . it seem that because they sit halfway outside the cavum concha , the phone be make larger for greater efficiency and output to make up for the slightly increase distance from the ear canal . i think they be a little bit too big , but again it take get use to the position as well as the audio range . the yellow wire be a nice aesthetic touch , but the black jacket on both the 1\/8 '' plug feel like they might pull right up the wire when remove they from the player or the volume control . have to be careful with they ... overall they be a very clever design which have in my opinion completely solve the problem of earphone migration . never again will i reach up during a blissful run to shove that fontopoid back into my ear , and i be look forward this summer to take it fully for grant . if the next generation of these headphone have slightly smaller earbud with more exotic sound quality , i 'll promptly wear they .
347	Headphone	POS	4	i use these headphone both in airplane and in my health club . they do a good job of cancel most noise in either place . the sound quality be quite good , with no obvious deficiency . the headphone come with a nice set of accessory : a carry case , two 1\/8 '' -lrb- 3.5 mm -rrb- audio cable , one short , one long , a two-pin airline adaptor , and a 1\/4 '' -lrb- 6.3 mm -rrb- audio plug adaptor . they also come with a top quality aaa battery . i have buy four set of these phone , one for my wife , and three for i . -lrb- i lose one set ; another develop a problem . -rrb- the only problem i have have be with the foam rubber ear cup . they come apart after a few year use , probably because they get damp from my sweat while exercise . -lrb- this be why i give they only four star . -rrb- i also consider get the latest bose headphone , but could not justify they higher price . other review on amazon suggest that the audio technica phone sound better anyway .
21	Headphone	POS	4	im very satisfied i woul buy 30 more if i need it sound awesome , i watc mivy on my computer and im like in the movie its really good i recomend it buuy it with confident
831	Headphone	POS	4	the sound of the equipment be excellent . controls be not easy , too small . if i bow the headphone will not hold in place . refer to the sennheiser wireless headphone r 120 purchased thru amazon
103	Headphone	POS	4	this thing be really great except that it do not fit my head . because of that , it fall off a lot and drop onto the floor so now it be start to have problem play ! the earpiece be flat in addition to the width between they be rather large . if it be only to fit better i wold be totally satisfy . this be so much bigger on my head than other headphone i have a hard time believe i be the only one with this problem . on the other hand , i do ride a motorcycle and my helmet be a extra small arai , so you be the judge . i be go to have to buy new headphone because these be clearly go to stop play soon , even though i just buy they about a month and a half ago . if these fit you you will love they . i wish they would make they for smaller people !
13	Headphone	POS	5	it be so nice to listen to the song i like when i be on the computer and the t.v. be on next to i and i can not hear it .
141	Headphone	POS	5	for about $ 10 , these be a bargain !! i buy the blue version of these on amazon for the purpose of act as a backup pair of headphone for my $ 40  skullcandy titan 's -lrb- black -rrb-  i get they because they be recommend from consumer reports , and i be impressed . the sound quality rival that of my top-notch titan 's , and they fit much better in my ear than the titan 's . my friend say they be much more durable than the other $ 10 headphone she be have in the past ; very sturdy for the price . the only thing i and she be concern about be how the silicone bud be slightly flimsy , but , then again , these be only $ 10 . but for $ 10 , you could not find a better pair of headphone . update : i have go through 2 pair of these thing since i first buy they . i wash my 1st pair , & go awhile without another pair like this . when i order my second pair , i realize again what i have be miss . the bass be not as full as my  sennheiser cx300 ii  the treble be richer , however . and these thing can stand a lot of abuse . as long as the beating be not abnormal , the only real reason you would buy another pair be because you lose they .
940	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be awesome . i be just go to buy this as a temporary set til i get another pair but after the music experience i be have with these i do not think i need another pair . these be sic !!!!
859	Headphone	POS	4	alright so here be the skinny on the ever popular and relatively stylish hesh : comfort : these headphone be , over-all comfortable . my head be on the larger side and they have the perfect snugness for i . i think headphone should be tight enough to stay on but loose enough not to smoosh you brain . these fit the bill as far as i be concerned . i have rather short hair specifically for the reason that i wear headphone everywhere because i do not like it mess up my hair -lrb- girl thing -rrb- . these headphone do make my ear a little sweaty after awhile -lrb- but hey i do live in calus -rrb- . if you have a lot of hair , you may take issue with these headphone just because the cup be a little toasty . sound : i think the biggest issue with judge sound be people have to be comparative . so i will say outright that i be compare these to my favorite headphone of all time , my lp v-moda headphone . compare to my v-moda headphone , these actually have a pretty comparable bass . these headphone provide some good sound at high volume levels . at low volume level there be no depth at all . the hesh be pretty awesome all around . they produce great rock !!! however i find they to be on the shallow side as far as the sound go . certainly not v-moda caliber depth , but the sound be nice and smooth anyway so they be worth compare to high caliber headphone . these headphone will leak sound . just as almost all over-ear headphone do . if you want non-leak headphone , get ear bud . no good headphone will just not leak sound unless you like you music quiet and bass . but chance be if you be look at these , you be a rocker like i . \* i judge headphone sound by how well they do on the radio sunnydale album . i be not a rap fanatic so i will not try to judge bass beat . durability : pretty acceptable in term of durability . they have a slightly cheap feel to they when you first start use they , but they really be pretty solid . if you do not go out of you way to smash at they , they should last like forever -lrb- bar you have to send they back for technical difficulty -rrb- . the band look plasticy , but it be really mostly make of canvas . i have not have mine long enough to really get dirty , but as long as you do not spill anything on the canvas , they should be great . that be say , i be not real sure if these be worth 50 dollar base on build alone . the ear cup be not very high quality material , which be why i think they can get sweaty . i get mine for 25 buck , i think if you get they for under 40 , its a sweet deal . i would pay 50 for these on a low budget . otherwise , you 'll be happier go for v-moda lp -lrb- the memory foam and surround sound in the lp be drool worthy -rrb- . style : they be pretty stylish . just say . the color really pop the way i think it would . -lrb- note : the headphones\/earphones i own be v-moda lp , skullcandy ink 'd , zumreed , wesc maracas . -rrb- i try to balance style and sound . the zumreeds and maracas be lower sound quality than hesh . about the same as the ink 'd . lower than v-moda .
709	Headphone	POS	5	the signal strength be superior , very comfortable on ear . battery long for the hour and charge station keep the headset charge every time . this be my second set . right now i can use both headset connect to one of the station . i would buy this product again in the future .
227	Headphone	POS	5	i pay $ 200 for these headphone and since then my father have buy a pair and 3 of my friend , too . i wont argue with any reviewer as the specification of the headphone speak for themselves , and i guaruntee that these headphone can out-sample any stereo system that you have .  here be the spec : 18hz to 28,000 hz @ 90db .  what do you think the average human ear be capable of hear ? approx . 40hz to 22,000 hz . i use they for gaming , music , i even use they as ear-muff when outside in the winter listen on my sony md. . i have never need a amplifier with these headphone . i run they straight from my sound card and any other device and they perform very nicely . the hd-570 's comfort and quality be uncomparable to any headset on the market . sennheiser represent professional quality at a price that be worth the cost .
640	Headphone	POS	4	these fit perfectly over my ear and provide excellent sound . from classical to heavy metal , each album i have go through sound brand new since i have move away from the in-ear bud . the headphone come with a nice case to protect they while you travel which do have enough room to fit a ipod . i highly recommend these . they do a adequate job of cancel out noise . but just as overall headphone they be great !
769	Headphone	POS	4	frankly i be astonish at the fanaticism the bose brand seem to attract . here 's my advice : do not listen to the bose haters or the bose lovers . listen to the headphone and make up you own mind . i have get other , more expensive can but i be intrigue by how light-weight these be -lrb- after try they on in a store -rrb- . got ` em home and plug ` em in . my first impression be that these be surprisingly reveal . almost too bright . after i get use to the sound signature -lrb- occasionally throw some eq in the mix -rrb- , i be flabbergast by the fact that these sound quite good . after all the `` never buy bose '' post i would read , i half expect these can to produce no sound at all ! the more i listen , the more i like they . overall , the beyerdynamic dt990 be probably my favorite phone , but these be not bad . the shape of the ear cup take a little nudging for i . my earlobe be `` attach '' , slope into my jaw line , so the ear cup tend to rest on that area a bit . i imagine that these would be more comfortable for a person with `` detach '' ear lobe . as far as the sound , i can not help but speculate that a blind test would fool some of those bose hater out there . on a final note , i prefer `` velour '' type ear pad , rather than the faux leather of these ...
550	Headphone	POS	5	these headphone be a very good value . they block noise very well , and the three earbud size should fit pretty much anyone . the sound be noticeably better than my fifteen-dollar set i have be use and i have find that i be able to pick out lyric or melody in some song that i have not notice before . the behind the head cord might annoy some but i be use to it and i find that it help the headphone from be tear from you ear or catch on thing . the headphone themselves be very small and sleek look . the packaging and shipping be my only complaint , as there be virtually no way to open the dang thing without a heavy duty scissors and a lot of effort . the shipping take a little longer than i would have like but that be not the fault of the headphone ! sennheiser say that they come with a 2 year guarantee warranty , although i have no idea how this would work since i order they from a third-party . hopefully i will not need to figure this out . overall , a great value and i use they everyday . they be stylish , comfortable and sound great .
62	Headphone	POS	5	these be the best sport earbud on the market . they be light and with the wrap around on the ear stay in place . no ear bud be perfect , but these be inexpensive enough that they can be replace without too much out of pocket cost . let 's face it . cheap or expensive nothing can last year and year when sweat be part of the natural routine of a ear bud . i have have expensive one and these be just as good . they get a 5 star mark for they practicability and cost .
2	Headphone	POS	5	cheap and just as good as bose qc ! well worth the price !!! have have no problem with remanufactured goods from amazon !
38	Headphone	POS	5	i love this little guy for one its hellum cheaper then at like guitar center or radio shack and it work great i can now record myself on my computer with this so im happy
967	Headphone	POS	5	order these while they be on sale , and i be very impressed ! not only do these look great , but they sound awesome . you will have to burn they in for around 20-24 hour , but it make a huge difference . the treble be solid , the mid be pretty good , and the bass could have more boom but it be there . buy now !!
215	Headphone	POS	5	my husband have use the sennheiser rs-120 headphone at night so he do not disturb my sleep and be extremely happy with the performance . they be comfortable to wear and the sound be crisp and clear . also , the silence be golden for i .
886	Headphone	POS	5	i be a drummer , and be look for some good , professional look and sound in ear monitor . i be think about spend $ 99 plus for a pair of shure in ear 's . but then i find these , for only $ 17 !! they look so professional , like pro drummer wear these . for the price , they can not be beat !
104	Headphone	POS	5	got these headphone a week ago . the sound be very clear , i can hear all the detail . they fit very comfortably and they do not hurt my ear at all even after long usage . hear the song like they be mean to be hear . the bass be a good level , especially for the price , but it be not super heavy if you be a bass head you might want to get something a little more bass intense . i wish it be a little more intense but these head phone be great and produce great quality sound . the extra bass i be use to be overkill from my subwoofer , so if you be look for great quality headphone for a great price these be they . if you be a bass maniac you might want to get something heavier , but for the average listener these be great , and they do have good bass its appropriate , not overwhelming - which some people look for .
863	Headphone	POS	5	i always have trouble keep earphone in while run , which be why i like the behind the neack type . i have a pair of sony mdr-as50g which be fine , but i never really like the puck-shaped storage case and the right side stop work and only the left ear have sound . these philips be awesome , though . they be tight , light , and take no time to put on and get set to run . they stay in\/on very well . almost too well , they really block out other sound . the sound be good , but not great . but they be waterproof and can be easily rinse off . pro : stay in with zero problem light weight quick to put on with no fuss waterproof durable -lrb- so far -rrb- good sound better than sony mdr-as50g -lrb- my opinion -rrb- prefer simple mesh storage pouch to sony 's plastic case con : not great sound block -lrb- maybe -rrb- too much sound
237	Headphone	POS	5	i have be search for the perfect , over the ear headphone for such a long time ! i be so grateful i find these ! initially i have purchase bose headphone , -lrb- ae2 -rrb- , however , they be not to my liking . i be much happier with the sony 's . they be comfy , they sound fantastic , and i have a even greater appreciation for music with these . also , they look good . some headphone i have try on fit oddly around my head but these hug my head perfectly ! love they .
163	Headphone	POS	5	i believe for the price this product be really worth the purchase . it make share music much easier . also i personally prefer belkin in audio accessory .
301	Headphone	POS	4	i need to replace my sony noise-cancelling 's , but finances be go other direction . get a ad from amazon and decide to spring for the j3 's from jlab . price be great -lrb- on sale -rrb- and the sound be good . not as much bass , but i have not break they in good yet either . anyway i be very pleased with my purchase and time will tell if they hold up . there be also a great case include that will likely continue to carry my bud even after i wear these out -lrb- or maybe if they hold up i 'll be pass this along since i 'll get a new one -rrb- . you could do worse and spend a lot more money than i have invest in jbud , j3 micro atomic in-ear earphone .
310	Headphone	POS	5	great headphone for a great price . i have a pair of sony headphone before these and they be too awkward and uncomfortable ... these be great . fit my head perfectly , deliver strong bass with great high , just a all around great pair of headphone . highly recommend .
711	Headphone	POS	5	simple design , great sound , awesome sound isolation , perfect for dj ` ing or chill . best on-ear headphone you can get . before i buy the hd 25-1 ii -lrb- adida version -rrb- i use to have the hd 25-1 ii -lrb- original version -rrb- . i be very happy with they , so i show they off to a group of friend -lrb- some of they be dj 's , and be pioneer hdj lover -rrb- . they be so impressed that they even change from hdj-1000 to hd 25-1 ii . one of they buy i the headphone , and with the money i be able to upgrade to the adida version .
474	Headphone	POS	4	cant beat this . overall good headphone for the money . sound quality be ok and isolation from the outside world be ok as well . everyone can hear only if turn up on the loud side but over all this be a good product .
283	Headphone	POS	5	love these headphone . they last a very long time as compare with other headphone i have use . they be very comfortable and stay put even during very jarring activity such as run . they be also water\/sweat resistant . i have fry out many other headphone because of this and these be the only one that stay in my smallish ear without constant fiddling . worth pay a little more for , but they be on the higher side for headphone . price have come down a bit due to a newer version out .
270	Headphone	POS	4	it be always difficult to rate headphone and speaker , because the more money you spend , in general , the better sound you get . i decide to compare the v-moda remix to the apple-supplied earbud , and my current earphone  ultimate ears superfi 5 pro noise isolate earphone -lrb- black -rrb-  well since the price be right in the middle of the 2 , you basically get what you pay for in sound quality . as have be note , the remix be not as clear in the middle and treble . this be obvious when switch back and forth between the ue 5 pro and the remix . however , without that comparison , one can be satisfy with the remix , especially in comparison to apple 's earbud -lrb- shudder -rrb- . the inline volume control work very well and be a great addition to these earphone . also , include be 5 different soft silicone fitting -lrb- a absolute must give the size range of people 's ear canal -rrb- and 2 different over-the ear holder for exercise and other activity . certainly , one can get better sound quality , but it be go to take a much larger investment .
788	Headphone	POS	5	excellent performance for the price . good sound and excellent reception on am and fm . two aa battery seem to last forever . excellent travel radio ; easy to use and easy to pack . this be we second one ; first one bit the dust after numerous drop ; amazing that it be able to take so many fall ; this must be call durability .
843	Headphone	POS	5	i have a pair of portapro 's a few year ago but they sadly die and i try to replace they with sony 's , jvc 's , etc - all in the same price range . none could compare , i have to buy another pair . these phone sound amazing , be comfortable , and stay on while jogging . highly recommend !
758	Headphone	POS	4	i have be look for small ear bud that would be comfy in my small ear hole & these ` fit ' the bill .
161	Headphone	POS	4	ive have the hd 280 pro for what seem to be 4 year , they still sound great , no loose rattle typical in old use speaker component . however the plastic and leather material be start to peel and deteriorate similar to a old car center console , other then that they work well . i write this because i be scared they will melt into goop and ruin my hair cut tho . i would buy again just keep in mind you wont be able to write they in you will or anything like that .
188	Headphone	POS	5	my experience with noise reduce earphone be with the jvc hanc100 , which be a earlier , and fairly satisfactory headphone . i have be satisfy with it for about a year . this , the jvc hanc80 noise cancel headphone , be even better ! the sound rendition be superb . and this model have two mode of noise reduction : low frequency , and a wider range for more typical noisy environment , e.g. office , library , shopping , home -lrb- when relative visit -rrb- , auto travel , bus , aircraft , well , you get the picture ... i like the wide range . at home with airconditioner , fan , neigborhood sound , jet above , radio blare , dog bark etc , the effect be comforting . add some music from you ipod or radio earphone outlet and you find yourself in a -lrb- quiet -rrb- heaven , listen to a high quality of sound reproduction . i be impress with the sound quality , and i have use earphone of various type for many year . one must understand that these , or any , noise-reduction earphone be exactly that : they be not noise-cancelling ! silicone earplug be the best you can do in that regard . best noise reduction be in the very low frequency -lrb- make my boston mbta subway excursion bearable -rrb- . the excellent sound quality be icing on the cake . get real ! this be not star trek , merely the 21st century . you do not need to spend $ 350 for that high price brand ! this be a excellent product . recommend . also look at the jvc harx300 non-noisecancelling phone . they go over the ear , be very reasonably price , have fantastic sound . not design to be easily transport -lrb- do not fold -rrb- . i love they - have three , in each place in my home where i like to listen to music or tv .  jvc full-size headphones -lrb- black -rrb-
354	Headphone	NEG	1	do not buy these headphone unless you want to keep return they every 2 month . the first pair i buy work great for two month . then they would not turn on after be charge . press the reset button as recommend by support do not work to revive they . i look in logitech 's support forum and find other people with the same problem . logitech take the headphone back and send i another `` new '' pair . it be two month later and guess what ? the new one have stop turn on after a charge . i really love the convenience of these headphone . the sound quality be great and not have the cord get in the way during workout or yardwork be so nice . but you really do not buy they , you just rent they for $ 100 plus the every-2-month cost of mail they back and the cost of replacement while you wait for logitech to ship you a work pair . i want my money back .
771	Headphone	NEG	2	i recently receive the above list product , and it work fine at first . but when i unplugged it and then plug it back in later , it would not work . i try put in battery , still nothing . the headset seem to work ok . i only seem to get spanish station , witch i do not think be there fault , but i find it worth mention . while it be work , i have great reception thru out my house , my computer be upstairs and i be in the basement . one other thing that bother i be that whenever you have it on the radio mode , and you put you hand near the left ear piece , it would get very distorted , and would sometimes change station all together . which , consider you have to keep hit the scan button to find a good station , be really suckish .
253	Headphone	NEG	2	to get it to work and listen to by nature podcast - i have to have the plug half-way in . it get disconnect often -lrb- 3-5 time during a 10 minute way -rrb- . basically , not usable for the 1st get itouch .
289	Headphone	NEG	2	1 . noisy -lrb- background white noise + intermittent diconnection and reconnection with a short loud sound that feel like slapping ear -rrb- 2 . height be fix and i can not make it fit my head
620	Headphone	NEG	2	i see the skullcandy dub earbud at target the other day on sale for $ 5 . i be originally plan on get the ink would -lrb- which i have use before and like -rrb- as a temporary replacement pair for a much higher end pair that have lose sound in one ear , but they be $ 16 and , accord to the sale clerk , the dubs be better . so it be a no-brainer . i buy two pair of the dubs . i wish i have not . now i would much rather pay the extra $ 5 for just one pair of ink ` ds . here why : the dub be muddy . they have lot of bass . too much of it , actually . it make my ear hurt . and it really drown out the mid , which sort of halfheartedly linger in the background . the high be also quite muddy , except for the occasional `` s '' , which produce a harsh sibilance that rattle you spine . there be almost no sound separation , and drum sound like they be come out of the next room . however , for $ 5 i really can not complain . but if you be pay any more than that i would not recommend buy this pair . instead , go for the ink 'd , which have a much more balanced sound .
409	Headphone	NEG	2	i think i have get the best deal in ear bud for the first week . it be comfortable , lightweight , love the volume control on the cord , stay in place during exercise . the soft plastic cover on the ear bud fall off the 2nd week . i be able to put it back on . but it proceed to fall off again with every use . too bad they can not fix that problem , it would be great , but until then , would not recommend !
976	Headphone	NEG	2	the shape of the ear bud take a lot of get use to . there be more comfortable over-the-ear model available than this .
578	Headphone	NEG	1	so why david guetta use sennheiser hd25 ??? beat be very expensive and the sound quality be not great , i use to have the solo , studio , and finally buy the hd25 ... and be cheaper and better for a big difference than beat !
602	Headphone	NEG	2	r.i.p. march 29th 2012 . i love sennheiser and they sound quality but i be utterly disappoint after six month . the build quality of these headphone be cheap especially the wiring . i take great care of my earphone and it even have a case . i still have my ipod video class 60 gb in perfectly work condition . i be a audiophile where i will sacrifice eat out for a good set of headphone because i do not like to compromise when it come to quality to my ear . i be very meticulous when i finish use they and wrap they in a certain manner to avoid they be tangle . warranty 2 year but do not get you hope , it will not get you anywhere . my brother have recommend i to switch to klipsch image s4 in-ear enhance bass noise-isolating headphones -lrb- black -rrb- let 's see how do they fair in a couple of week .
958	Headphone	NEG	1	i purchase these headphone because they be recommend for people with small ear . i must say that these headphone do not fall off\/out of you ear . i run several 20 mile run without they ever fall out of place . the problem be that the headphone stop work after 3 week of use . the problem seem to be with the wire ; if the wire move at all -lrb- even the slightest bit -rrb- , the volume in one earphone go in and out , make it unbearable to run with they . this problem happen 3.5 mile into a 21 mile trail run , so obviously i be more than a little frustrated with the product . i have try several other pair of headphone to ensure that the problem be not my mp3 player , and the other pair work fine . in summary , the fit be perfect , the quality of construction \/ durability be terrible .
1	Headphone	NEG	1	the earbud be useless ! they didnt even work . the poorly make product be obviously a reason for it be so cheap . waste my money and time
164	Headphone	NEG	2	i really love these headphone , but after a couple of month use they for my run , they up and die . as other have report here , they do not seem to deal with sweat very well after time . if you be not go to exercise in they , then they be nice , otherwise , look elsewhere .
896	Headphone	NEG	2	i buy they for be compact , adjustable , and comfortable . mine shatter on one side in the joint area that hold the right ear piece . they become unusable . fortunately there be enough leave to where i be able to use a upholstery staple as a dowel , epoxy , and super glue to put it back to a functional state . it take two day . and it do not look the same . unfortunately , i buy these at fry 's and pay too much for they . i be save for a pair of beyerdynamic dt 770 and these will become my portable\/spare pair .
978	Headphone	NEG	1	i have have these headphone for about two year . i want everyone to know that the sound be extraordinary . i still to this day have to check when listen that the volume be not turn up with my wife try to sleep . the sound be as close to sit in a movie theater as you be probably go to get . without the vibration of course . they be everything you could want in realistic sound , comfort , and battery life . this be where my accolade end however . i have notice another review say that he break at the swivel point where they adjust to the shape of you head . the same thing happen to i after about a year . when that happen they just kind of dangle from the head unit -lrb- oh , and yes , i be very careful with they -rrb- of course this seem to happen after the warranty have expire . well , i have refuse to reward the manufacturer for poor engineering at this point by another purchase . i use epoxy glue and bit of plastic to effect a repair . this be not bad but i also find that duct tape around that have help as well . i have be use they for about a year now . still great sound ! but if you be plan on buy these i think the manufacture could at least include some epoxy glue and duct tape with the purchase . they look stupid perhaps on my head but the sound be great !
684	Headphone	NEG	2	i just return from a repeat air trip to england , and be hope for a more restful -lrb- read that more sleep with fewer distraction from cry child and the cough lady in the next seat -rrb- trip through the use of these philip headphone . i find that the noise cancel feature do decrease the drone ambient sound to a somewhat helpful extent . other cabin sound be still intrusive . the sound quality do not seem much better than the airline-supplied headset and the product seem to be quite cheaply make . my biggest concern be : 1 -rrb- that the headphone pad have to be position carefully to derive any benefit from the noise cancel feature , which mean that i have to keep my head straight to not push on the neckband . also , my neck pillow tend to push on the neckband and degrade performance . bother . 2 -rrb- my -lrb- admittedly generous -rrb- auricle just plain hurt after a few hour of use , and i have to take the headset off . i do buy a pair of noise-cancelling earbud to address these two issue , and this approach have work well . for instance , consider one of the sure earbud .
469	Headphone	NEG	2	i spend a lot of time look at review so i could get the most bang for the buck for some sport headphone so i could have something that do not fall out of my ear when work out . these seem well-approved for the price point in comparison to similar one , so i order they . from the first time i use they i could tell that not only be they less than i would hope for , they be far worse than the free earbud that come with my zen and my hp laptop . both speaker , especially the leave , buzz significantly , even on medium volume level . bass be completely blow out and music -lrb- even on high bit-rate -rrb- sound pathetic . after only a few day with these , they be go back . i have test they on my computer -lrb- music and game -rrb- and a walkman and can get better audio out of even $ 10 or less phone . in addition , the clip that come on the cord be a nuisance . it be in the way , can not be remove , and be worthless . it be hard to actually get clip to anything and require both hand to `` coordinate '' the clipping process , rather than be truly sporty and be a clip-on-the-run style . i would recommend other sony headphone -lrb- and other brand in general -rrb- over these .
820	Headphone	NEG	1	it take a long time for the dealer to get it ship . i receive the headphone and be very pleased with the sound and fit at first . but it never fail , the same thing that happen to my other sennheiser headphone happen here . the usb male port adapter lose connection to the full sound . i maybe use it 5 time . i just cut my loss of have to deal with the particular dealer . my suggestion be to go and purchase a 15 dollar pair from you local retail store . they will surely last longer . they have the fit and look down but not the durability .
463	Headphone	NEG	2	maybe it be just i , but these have not live up to my expectation . the sound do not seem that much better than the ear bud that come with my mp3 player . on top of that , i can not get they to stay in my ear . i have really small ear canal , so again maybe it be my fault . even when use the smallest set of ear plug i can not get they in fair enough to block out ambient noise and they fall out every time i move my head . i would not recommend these headphone for people with small ear opening .
58	Headphone	NEG	2	the sound quality of this product be wonderful but if i just put my head down to see what i be sew in my lap , it fall off . if i be cooking and i glance down , it fall off . this be ridiculous . do they not test these ? i would not buy this product again . what good be good sound quality if they be sit on the floor ?
700	Headphone	NEG	1	the sound be awesome for the short time they last . wire come away from ear bud .
815	Headphone	NEG	1	i buy this product for my ipod nano on april 16th . i only use it to go run at the gym . today be june 26th and the adapter have completely fall apart . the wire have rip out and the actual shell of the adapter have split open . again all i use this product for be run . very cheaply make i would not advise buy this product .
113	Headphone	NEG	2	these be $ 10 headphone . there be nothing amazing about they in my opinion . i buy they to use with my ipod when i be out , or at work . right out of the box , i be disappoint with the fit , and i know everyone be go to be different , but for i they just be not comfortable . the sound quality be clear , but very thin and lack bass . even when i be press they into my ear to get the best possible fit , the bass just be not good . eq setting to boost the bass do not help either , and often reduce sound quality even more . the ear clip do not really seem to do that much either . they kind of keep they on you ear but do not really hold they in you ear at all . the ear piece tend to get tangle together easily as well . in summary , i would not recommend these for music , but if you want a cheap pair of headphone for listen to audio book or some other kind of speak word , they might be good-if you can tolerate they in you ear for that long .
532	Headphone	NEG	1	pro : great sound , good comfort , great packaging con : very fragile , mine break apart after a few month of infrequent and gentle use
934	Headphone	NEG	1	this `` product '' do not last one month of use . i run 3-4 time a week for a hour at a time and that be why i want something water resistant . they look like they can hold up to moisture -lrb- the design be good -rrb- but they be hard to get on you ear and the wire that attach to the ear bud be not even . after 2 week of use they , one of the ear bud do not produce sound anymore . i should have return they but before think , i throw they in the garbage . i do not recommend anyone waste they hard earn money on this piece of crap .
316	Headphone	NEG	2	the sound on these be pretty amazing but the talk button on the wire be very sensitive and if you be use these while work out and they get the tiniest bit of sweat on they they cause you ipod or ipad to spazz out and the video to fast forward , rewind , and to change song . it be very nerve wrack to say the least .
494	Headphone	NEG	2	pro and con -- the con end up outweigh the pro , so i end up return these : -lrb- positive : - gorgeous : the rise red headphone look even better than they do in the picture . not jewel-like , but a nice multifaceted shiny pretty red that stand out . - sound quality : the sound quality be amazing -lrb- i try my old cheap headphone after listen to music for a while , and i could definitely hear a huge difference -- and i be not the type of person to be ` picky ' about my headphone ! -rrb- . negative : - fit : although these come with 5 different ear bud option , none of they fit comfortably in my ear . i try my bf 's beat by dr. dre -lrb- same brand -rrb- , so i know it be not just because i usually do not use in-ear style headphone . side note : the dr dre one fit much better because of the way they be design -- the ` sound ' part -lrb- the part that go in you ear -rrb- protrude much more than the gaga one do , allow the earphone to sit further in you ear ! - fit2 : relate to the above issue , because i could not get the earbud to stay in my ear due to a combination of 1 . uncomfortable fit -lrb- partly due to the shape -- and i try troubleshoot base on a bunch of review on here -rrb- and 2 . the design 's weight . the design be so heavy that unless the ` fit ' in the ear be perfect , the earbud will tend to fall out . they would stay in just fine and provide great noise-reduction when i be sit still , but even tilt my head to the side would start to loosen the fit . walk be out of the question -lrb- i would have to push they back every 3-4 step -rrb- . - noise reduction be good -- but almost too good . i say this for two reason : 1 . outside with these earphone be a terrible idea -- even with music really low , you could barely hear car . not a issue for other depend on where they live\/what they want to use these for . 2 . the chord dangle around , even when you clip they in place , would be audible . i be not sure how else to describe it , but basically since the sound reduction be so good , you could hear the vibration cause by the chord move around . overall , if you want a great set of earphone to listen to music from in a setting like study in noisy cafe , etc , these would be perfect ! for i , they just be not versatile enough -- or comfortable : -lrb-
856	Headphone	NEG	1	i like these headphone when i receive they it be bad quality , i can only hear on one side and if i hold the plug the right direction !!! not happy : - -lrb- they be not the cheapest either ...
786	Headphone	NEG	1	i buy these 2 month ago , 3 week after the left ear stop work , i claim a warranty from jlab , they send i a new pair in less than 4 day , they work great for 3 week , and then the right ear stop work ... now i have my 3rd pair , and the left ear quit work today ...
441	Headphone	NEG	1	maybe it be just a glitch in my player , but i have never use it because it do not work properly . i now have a player that i really can not do anything with and visual land inc. do not appear to want to refund my money . they have send a replacement , but it be not work either . proceed with caution in buy this player .
438	Headphone	NEG	1	the headphone break in two on the third use . probably just bad luck , but i return it as well as the second headphone i order for my husband . return the item be painless , thanks so much .
702	Headphone	NEG	1	i get these as a sad gift - the overall sound quality be quite bad -lrb- when nc - noise cancellaton-is turn off -rrb- . not much low frequency and minimal high frequency content . so purely as headphone - they fall at the bottom of the heap . with nc turn on , there be some amplification of the sound - so it sound louder . the nc effect itself - well - its kind of work , but not much . probably about 20 percent of the noise be take care of . do not even try compare the performance of the bose to these -lrb- i do so - use a co-passenger bose qc3 - and it be a revelation - one work beautifully and this one barely do so -rrb- . i plan to get a pair of panasonic rphc300 now -lrb- since i do not have $ 300 to burn -rrb- . i be curious how the nc effect be implement for the left and right earpiece . there be no wire that connect the right side -lrb- with the battery and nc electronics -rrb- with the left earpiece . go figure this one out : -rrb- . i have some idea - but that would mean this be not a stereo headset . too lazy to experiment further with this piece of junk . the good thing be they fold quite well .
922	Headphone	NEG	1	as the other reviewer have mention - yes , the chord be terrible . in less than a year the wire be come apart and ready to break at the minus plug . decent sound quality be no use if the headphone become useless in a few month . hope the manufacturer take note of this very common complaint .
410	Headphone	NEG	2	the sound quality and bass of these bud be very good ... if you can actually get they to stay in you ear for more than 2 minute at a time . definitely do not plan on be able to wear these walk or run . even sit down , they fall out of my ear after barely turn my head . they do come with 7 different ear piece to try out , but the main problem arise from the clunky design of the earbud itself . the oversized cylinder shape of the bud prevent they from fitting nicely in the ear canal , regardless of which of the 7 ear piece you use . i should also mention that because of the poor fit , there be almost no ambient noise cancellation . and of course , in the slightest breeze there will be load of wind noise howl in you ear . another draw back be the huge piece of plastic\/rubber that serve as the separator for the left and right cable . this constantly get catch on thing and help pull the earbud out of my ear even faster .
911	Headphone	NEG	2	these be not adjustable in any way . the speaker part be so huge and the hook be too big to fit snugly over my ear to keep they in place . after about 20 minute i be have to take they off they hurt so bad . i would return they if i could ! love the nike vapor white plastic one . very adjustable and lightweight .
207	Headphone	NEG	2	as a break college student , i order these try to save money . they arrive past the estimate arrival day and stop work three week later . do not waste you money on these , invest in a better pair of headphone because if you purchase these , you be go to have to buy new one soon anyway .
950	Headphone	NEG	1	i order these to check they out and see if they be any good . my old skull candy bud be start to short out in one ear and i know they would be go in a short time . i get these in the mail and my other one die the same day . i plug these in and they be all ready short out like my previous one be when i order these for a replacement . they also do not come with extra sizes\/sets of the silicone bud so they be one size fit all and they be kind of uncomfortable . i be not expect stellar headphone but i be expect they would not be break when i get they . i guess i will have to pay a few extra dollar to get headphone that last i for several month not week . too bad .
881	Headphone	NEG	2	good trait . - they do take get use to , but if they be free around you neck they stay in fine . - sound quality be fine for run headphone - if you need to hear you surroundings , you can always invert they and they hand above you ear . bad trait . they do not last . i have one pair for about 6 month and one of the bud just go dead after it fade in and out for a week . i like the functionality so i get another pair , and it also last about 6 month until they have the same problem . the left bud just die , happen to both pair , seem to be a fault of the product that the same thing happen twice . not good enough life for the price . i 'll be try something different .
