index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
147	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	hawaii magazine be a very good publication for those who have a interest in america 's fiftieth state . this magazine bring the world of the hawaiian island to you home every month , with fact , figure , and photo take from this island chain paradise . one thing about hawaii magazine that be different from what you might expect be that it cover more than just travel . when i read this publication for the first time , i be surprise at the contents within . i always assume this be a magazine solely about travel and tourism . while travel , resort , and related topic be a important part of this magazine , they be not the only part . the rest of hawaii magazine deal with cultural and native topic . it let you discover the people who inhabit these island . you get to learn about hawaiian custom , holiday , art , dress , and culture . with the emphasis on culture , hawaii magazine be a learning experience . the people responsible for the publication of this magazine want reader to come away with a better understanding of what it mean to be hawaiian and to live in this island chain . they want you to think of hawaii as more than just a nice , warm , sunny place to visit . they want you to learn about the people that inhabit hawaii : how they dress , how they celebrate event , how they interact with other , etc. . if i have to name a few con to this magazine , they would have to be the publication short length -lrb- less than 100 page per issue -rrb- and its infrequent publication -lrb- every two month -rrb- . other than these negative aspect , most everything else about this magazine make it worthwhile to read . it be a educational lesson on the people and the lifestyle of those we call hawaiian .
23	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i order this magazine , in b.c long time ago ... why ... ? advice , go to a book store and read , have some coffe with . hasan
107	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	having order nat geo for 34 year it be wonderful to be able to order at a remarkable -lrb- to me -rrb- price . certainly the way to go when ordering subscription , just to to amazon.com ... .
296	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you look for new and creative food to tickle the taste-bud , this be it . it have lot of great recipe 's from sauce , meat 's , appetizer , drink and much much more . i wish this come out every month .
962	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i get this every year for my son at christmas . he be 29 and love the magazine .
452	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	as a child , i find this magazine when i could not pronounce `` geographic '' , and adore the brilliant photography , scenery , strange-looking people and place , and be soon struggle to understand the text . my imagination be seize by the mayans , by the caves of lascaux , and always by dinosaur and the other exotic plant and animal they show i . when i be a teenager my parent let i deface they old magazine to illustrate my papers on india , japan , and anthropology . i want to be a archeologist until i find out i would have to learn a lot of language , so history be a better choice for i . travel , geology , photography , and read become passion . even as a adult , i sit down with the magazine and read it cover to cover the day it arrive , no matter what else i be read then . whenever i stumble on really old copy -lrb- the magazine be well over a century old -rrb- , i read they to see how the magazine 's point of view have develop . this magazine have truly enriched my life . my parent try i out on various other magazine on nature , but this one be the real deal , and never talk down to i . if you be interested in the world , the universe , the past , the future , and in life , this be the magazine for you . even though they have ng magazine for various age of child now , a curious , eager child could appreciate the real one by ten .
744	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i usually have enough time to read about 1 magazine a month between raise kid and work . so what other magazine could leave you in awe with it be photography , astound you with it be story and educate you like no other magazine . national geographic of course that same magazine that you use to page through when you be a kid sit in the dentist wait room . now my kid page through it at home , i have a friend at work who collect the map , my wife peruse it and when we be all do i donate all back issue to a local nursing home . psstt . . go to they website for the best price . .
853	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine have a lot of info for anyone who want to start or have start a business . very good value for the price . i even get a $ 50 facebook ad coupon in the may 2011 issue but who know if that 'll run again . entrepreneur be also pretty motivational since there be a lot of success story that give you a push to actually launch you idea .
826	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i enjoy read this magazine . it have information that would be beneficial to diabetic . also have a penpal section in the back if one would be interested
868	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	after read a few of the other review , i be again baffle by the left\/liberal take on thing . this be a conservative magazine !! liberal , open at you own risk ! you just might encounter a differ view point than you own ! goodness . the article be informative , indepth , humorous , and thoughtful . it be a good read .
691	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	wow ! national geographic again they do a terrific job on something ! they do great , professional , and breathtaking job on everything they do but this be the best of everything . i suscribe to this about two month ago and be very happy about they progress . i be sure thousand agree with i that this be perefection and i be surprised anybody or anything can do this much . put you foot up national geographic ! you have do enough for thirty year !!!  enjoy , jeffrey alan cote '  -lrb- brazilgamer_tacomawa -rrb-
565	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i be send two old issue i have already read to start my subscription . i do not want old issue and should be extend 2 additional month . i love vogue .
938	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	national geographic be a awesome magazine , and i would not hesitate get a subscription , but i would not get it here . if you go to national geographic 's website and click on the ` subscribe ' link , you can get it for only $ 15 for 12 issue . plus , you do not have to deal with a third party distributor if you order direct from the source .
594	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	excellent source of information . liberal would hate it , but should have to read it for another point of view . personally , i love the writer .
456	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be a magazine renewal . we have enjoy this magazine uplift article for many year . the renewal process be simple .
527	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	great magazine , always full of varied and interestring topic mostly under a `` scientific '' or `` nature '' theme . awesome photo . educational and interesting read . highly recomend it to everyone !
226	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i have purchase 3 different magazine on amazon and be happy to receive my subscription for vogue timely . i still have not see my other 2 magazine subscription from travel & leisure or marie claire
675	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you really like music , this magazine be for u. this magazine contain a lot of pic and poster . if ur one of those who have a empty wall in ur room and want to jazz it up a little with lot of poster , this mag be 4 u !!!
765	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	along with the atlantic monthly , this be probably one of the best mass-circulated literary\/cultural periodical in print today . with the bush administration pursue a increasingly conservative agenda , harper 's be really at its best since its editor have meaningful opposition to critique and criticize . plus , this magazine get away from the `` you need to know this '' mentality -- the write they publish be always excellent , but never limit to break news or urgent matter . well-balanced and enjoyable .
817	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	harper 's have be in business since 1850 and have publish some of the greatest american - writer , from mark twain on down . its editor and tone - setter be the veteran journalist lewis lapham . it publish fiction , and article include interesting symposium on many aspect of american economic , political and cultural life . it attract the big - name in all area , and also provide a lot of human - interest material , statistical curiosity , historical information and story . for some reason which i do not fully understand it have never be my great favorite . and in the old day i prefer ` the atlantic ' and the ` saturday review of literature ' to it . of course one of the feature of ` harper 's be its book - review do by among other today , john leonard . i suppose what have sour i a bit on ` harper 's ' be its bias to the political left . but that withstand it still provide a rich mix of article of high quality .
446	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i learn to dream in from of the page of this magazine . every month i be transport to foreign land . the story be interesting , the photography unparalleled .
944	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	harper 's be simply the best magazine around -- thoughtful , critical , vary , insightful , challenging . it refuse to bow down and to pretend that the emperor be not naked , and yet it do not have a shrill or grating tone . in a world go mad , it be the voice of reason and sanity , liberal in the finest and most liberating sense of the word . it be the only magazine i give as gift -- as of 2008 , to seven different people , who have all come to love it , and to look forward to it , as much as i do .
736	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i love this magazine because it have great picture and great article . i would recommend it to family and individual .
467	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my husband and i have be buy this magazine for year . i recently find that amazon carry it and just start a subscription -lrb- at a fantastic price -rrb- . not only do we find the story interesting and informative , but the photography be absolutely gorgeous . the first thing we do when we get a new issue be look at the picture , then read the article . i have also try several recipe . as much as we would like to see more issue than offer in a year , we would not want the quality of this product jeopardize .
29	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i can not go a week without my weekly standard -lrb- well maybe the 2 week they seem to take vacation in the summer -rrb- i would recommend it to even my liberal friend -lrb- if they be open-minded enough to read it ! -rrb-
392	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i have be get this magazine for several year now . it be chock full of interesting article and great recipe . some recipe be a little hard or involve for i but i always find 3 or 4 in every issue that i try as soon as i get the magazine . i also end up cut 3 or 4 more out for future use . i have several recipe that have turn into old family favorite now . the article be well write , the photography be great , hot hot hot !
309	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	harper 's , like the atlantic and the new yorker be write for those look for more in-depth analysis and coverage on political and cultural affair with a sampling of serious literary prose . personally i prefer the atlantic , which i read regularly , only pick up harper 's when i have time and something in it interest i , which be usually two or three time a year . just look at the cover and page inside convey harper 's as a serious tome , perhaps too serious for the casual reader , especially compare to the more colorful page of the atlantic and playful new yorker cartoon . nevertheless , harper 's be a american icon in it be genre have publish many article from great name since it be inception in 1850 . a number of reviewer complain about it be leave lean and that stance clearly sprout from the now recently depart editor lewis lapham , who have be a outspoken critic of the current administration . mr. lapham share he view in a two page opinion piece and in the full page listing of various `` fun fact '' know as the harper 's index . serious reader will be able to get beyond this as simply a `` viewpoint '' and see the entire magazine for the serious writing that it be . i would contend this represent the best in `` critical analysis '' rather than bias . i would also simply suggest you view the other review make by people espouse this periodical as overly bias . for instance , at least one of those claim liberal bias here be also praise a ann coulter book . so if you feel underwhelm by the typical content you get even in a 60 minute broadcast or a political round table free-for-all and you be interested enough in this magazine to read it be review , you should probably pick up a copy of it for two or three month and give it a try . i recommend you also check out the new yorker and the atlantic to compare .
301	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i have subscribe to guidepost for quite a few year and really love this inspiring magazine . it my be a small magazine but it pack a big wallop when it come to inspiring those who read it .
104	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	okay , they publish my new book : work positive in a negative world . and i love jere , karen , leanne , jillian and the rest of the dream team on the book publishing side . but i promise this be more than self-aggrandizement here . i have yet to remember when i first start read this magazine . yes , it be that long ago . if you truly want to achieve a work positive lifestyle start today , go to the website and get a magazine subscription . read every word in every edition . you will discover the answer to every question you 'll ever have about start and run a business ... include how to work positive in a negative world .
509	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i have be a reader of ng for many year , and my son -lrb- age , 16 , 21 & 22 -rrb- look forward to it arrival every month as much as i do .
121	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i have be a regular subscriber of sci fi mag for just about the past 15 yr or so . it all begin with omni and when omni fold , i find a a copy of science fiction age . i have be subscribe to it for about 2 year before it fold . i find a few omni-like glossy mag twin thereafter , but they all fold as well . finally , i find the magazine of fantasy and science fiction and analog and have be consistently subscribe to other for the past 10 yr . both of the latter be outstanding ` zine but for i , analog be the best because it satisfy the craving for hard sci fi and \* fact \* at the same time . if f&sf; & analog ever have to close up shop then i would hope they would merge because then i would have my hard sci fi , fact \* and \* horror\/fantasy all in a one stop shop .
924	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i love this magazine . it have all kind of stuff , like what be up with only the best tv , movie and music star , behind the scene look on what star be in , beauty tip , and `` yikes ! totally embarrassing moment '' where reader send in totally embarrassing stuff that be happen to they . in every `` yike ! '' there be a guy 's story . there be also a `` do ya know ? '' thing . and `` celeb yikes ! '' there be horoscope , the j-14 love chart , celeb columnist , you ask , song lyric , before they be stars , it really happen ! , win looks , cool comebacks , fashion , music , tv , movie , win it ! , and j-14 last word . i would say this be just for girl and a totally awesome magazine !
669	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i get this when it originally come out on the market . i be never offer a renewal . so i have no idea that it be still available until now . i will be sign up momentarily .
870	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	national geographic magazine be write primarily for theperson with little or no background in geography . it be not a intense scholarly magazine and , as a geograohy professor point out , tend to be chatty . but , it do give great information on geopgraphy as well as other field in the social sciences even natural history . there be many article about people and place around the world and they custom . there be article on the latest exploration and discovery . such as the rediscovery of the gnostic gospel of judas and the oldest tatooed mummy . zip usa take a single us zip code and describe the custom and practice of the people live within that zip code . there be many interesting article about people and place in the united states . i become interested in geography and anthropology through read this magazine . the article be quite informative and entertaining and the photography be outstanding .
772	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i for one enjoy read this magazine . it have good article that they feature on the cover , although when you actually buy the magazine sometimes article be not what i be expect . i enjoy read the article that people submit , such as embarrassing moment and truth or dare story . the win it ! column be also somewhat cool , most of the stuff i would not participate in the drawing though . overall , this magazine be great ! i recommend it to the teenager , as well as ym , cosmogirl , and teen people .
741	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i read this cover to cover for the inside scoop ... but i miss guilding light : o -lrb-
611	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you want to know anything about upcome style and fashion , vogue be a must have staple !
501	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for a saturday afternoon of light , but encouraging reading , buy a subscription to `` guidepost . '' there be deeper magazine , bt do not be fool ... every article here connect richly with the soul . this be the kind of magazine both catholics and protestants can both love . it be great gift for you friend who attend the church across the street from yours . short vignette and more involved profile color this magazine in much the same way a reader 's digest might , except with a clear spiritual flavor . it be ecumenical yet uncompromising : i fully recommend `` guidepost . '' you will not be disappoint . anthony trendl http:\/\/anthonytrendl.blogspot.com
349	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i be a big fan of the ngs . they be well know for produce good documentary , the magazine be to the same par . each issue have the first half of the book with short article and brilliant photos\/images follow a couple of article in detail cover various topic . love ng and love the magazine .
10	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	national geographic continue to amaze i each and every month . the picture and in depth article be second to none . simply , there be no equivalent to this monthly dose of adventure , environment and exploration . kenneth haft
726	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you love anything western you will absolutely love this magazine . beautiful photograph . great article on famous people who happen to love horse and live out west . lot of great information on travel also and anything else western . this be a joy to read .
304	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i be a kindergarten teacher with a m.s. in early childhood and literacy education as well as the mother of four child ... i find this magazine in my obgyn office when i be pregnant with my second child and fell in love immediately . this magazine , without a doubt , need to be in every home that have child between the age of 1-12yr . i find the article to be exactly on the pulse of today 's research regard best practice for child regard all area of development . every article be valuable and informative and there be plenty of fun throw in as well !! please give this magazine a try ... you will not regret it ! head and shoulder above other parenting magazine that i have previously subscribe to in the past . i cancel all my other subscription and be now just receive this ... and i save every issue !! i can not throw they away ! very happy !!
233	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i be a conservative -lrb- but lately more of a libertarian -rrb- but harper 's be my favorite magazine . it have honest political commentary , hard to find these day , that i do not always agree with but concede that the argument be often compelling . the short story be usually great , and the book review better than most . a favorite feature be `` finding '' a short list of recent and bizarre scientific finding . i read it aloud to my family -lrb- and yes they enjoy it and look forward to each issue , too -rrb- . sometimes the editorial be a bit cynical but they be almost as likely to trash the democrats as the republicans -lrb- a healthy sign since i feel both party have be co-opt by special interest -rrb- . you will also get news here without commentary , such as transcript from guantanamo , bizarre and revealing email , and recently discover correspondence from unlikely political leader . all without commentary so you avoid the usual media attempt at control you opinion . sure , i might occasionally get mad at or ignore some author , but i have find life be not as fun without this magazine .
805	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my wife buy i a subscription for christmas and i love this magazine . the picture publish every month be breathtaking and the article be very well write and be mostly very interesting . i like it even better now because with you subscription , you can access the magazine from a tablet and it be interactive . there be video and online part in the tablet version that you obviously can not get in the print version . this be a great magazine !
898	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	analog bring a dependable collection of hard-science fiction story , novella , and frequently , a serialized novel . almost all of they be worth reading ; i be have trouble thinking of a analog story that make i give up before reach the end . while its sister publication asimov 's tend more to the social-sf or more literary form , analog stick to a formulum of hard-sf with some recur feature : one factual science article , one speculative science article , and a short sf humor piece -lrb- probability zero -rrb- . analog also have a lively letter column , where editor stanley schmidt or the story author often reply . and schmidt 's editorial be always a good read .  some of the factual science article well-compliment the story , some just do not have any relation -lrb- and if i skip anything in analog , it be some of the drier fact piece -rrb- . some excellent write-up such as a comparison between long-term weather datum and historical regime change could lead to several future story in the magazine .  dependable , high-quality , and enjoyable .  one change in publication not mention here : both analog and asimov 's have go to 10 issue a year from 11 , with 2 `` double issue '' instead of one per year . the double issue be always a treat but then one must wait 2 month for the next regular issue !
785	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for i , the september issue of vogue , with its 700 page issue , be more than eye candy . it be art . it be that simple . i no longer look at most of the fashion in the magazine , nor the model , as realistic , something that can ever transfer into my own life , nor would i want it to . it remind i of trip to art museum where i can admire one painting half the afternoon , but it do not mean i want it hang on my wall at home . vogue 's photography be exquiste , pure art . the glossy page , the vibrant , sometimes muted color , seem to jump off the page . the image make my mind wander and explore . when i finally get over the ridiculous price and the more ridiculously thin model with leg longer than i be tall , i be able to fully appreciate the artistry of the ad and fashion spread . i find the ad be as engaging as the fashion spread , which be a good thing , for the magazine be at least half ad . some of the article be quite good as well . i scan the few society article , and i have be surprise at the high number of well-written piece that apply to the average world-wise woman . cosmo reader most likely will not find much in vogue , but i would say woman over 30 , who be relatively sophisticated , will find article gear toward they . overall , vogue be a high end publication with excellent , artistic photographer and produce rather sweet eye candy with a good number of current , well-written non-fashion article .
356	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	national geographic continue to be a exceptional magazine -- fun to look at and read as well as educational on many level .
9	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i almost , actually , i forget i order the magazine because it take more than a month to arrive . the website do say it take 4-6 week to come , so i think i should fairly give it a 4 star . the miss 5th star be for : indeed , it be a looong wait .
990	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i love the weekly standard . it be a great magazine . i love it and it be highly recommend .
595	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you be look for one interior magazine , this be it . i have subscribe for 3 year and every issue be very good .
118	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the only political magazine i will read . it be a great read if one be a conservative , but someone with liberal idea may not care for it .
411	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i have learn so much from this magazine . it take you into culture from all over the world and teach you about they . every month you be look at picture of event and people sometimes in place that you have never even hear of . really educational and top notch .
90	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	harper 's be a terrific magazine . do not however , do not , buy this magazine from amazon !!! here be why : the wait . normally , when a person buy a magazine subscription , they get the first magazine the follow month . amazon take 4-5 month !!! i buy this subscription for my father whose birthday be in august . he call i in october to sheepishly ask where the magazine be . after complain , amazon say they would get it there by november . huh ???!!! now , i just get a email say they make a error and it would now ship sometime in january !!! oh , but they be nice enough to make it up to i by offer i a free subscription to inc. magazine !!! wtf ???!!! what do inc. have even remotely in common with harpers ?! i call amazon customer service to cancel my order . after i post this , i be go to do what i should have do four month ago : order harper 's from harper 's . caveat emptor !!!
66	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	a great read for almost all age . enjoy the contemporary article as well as those of the past . thank you
970	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	always look forward to a copy of dwell magazine . the strip down aesthetic be a refreshing antidote to the world as-it-is at large . i be usually remind that live in this world need not be the complicated and messy experience that the lack of thoughtful design usually produce . and this inspire i to live with courage and conviction in that part of the world within my control .
334	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	just receive the first copy national geographic magazine of my subscription . it deliver excellence in photography and article as promise . do not know why i have never be a subscriber . amazon 's deal beat all other the internet discount i view .
680	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i only see my endocrinologist every 3 month for 15 or 20 minute . i get diabetes forecast every month and can find out everything that be go on in the field of diabetes . knowledge about diabetes be very important and i can learn about it in the privacy of my own home .
87	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i purchase a subscription for national geographic as a gift for my husband two year ago . as it turn out , we be both enjoy it . if he want to read it first , he have to be quick about grab it when it come in the mail . so much to learn in every issue . beautiful image and wonderful graphic . i have now purchase  national geographic kids
661	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be my favorite magazine , ever . i would be happy just look at the ad for all the clothes and furniture , but the beautiful western photo and article be always a treat too . i always want to be a indian and my husband want to be a cowboy so this be perfect for we !
697	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	beautiful picture and great information on lovely vista we may never see , otherwise ! a fabulous family orienate magazine !! very educational and yet a engrossing read without be dry or boring in the least . love it !!
4	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i feel compel to write a short note after receive a renewal notification too early . i first order the journal in june 05 , i receive a renewal that i think be in order in march 06 , now i be get another one in dec 06 . it seem amazon be engage in some behavior that take several month of subscription time away from consumer who order through they . be careful
20	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	first , let i say that i think ng be a wonderful magazine , make for those that read article that make they think . my only complaint be that , upon sign up for a subscription , the ng society fulfil the first 3 issue of my subscription by send i back issue . while there be article of interest in these issue , i expect to be treat as a value customer , not as a source for dispose of excess inventory take up space in a warehouse .  resulting grade : content - a + subscription tactic - f
199	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i discover this wonderful magazine by chance a short time ago . i wish i have discover it sooner . out of curiosity i decide to read it and it be well worth it . i have read magazine such as time and newsweek on and off over the year so i have expect similar article . i be amaze at the outstanding quality of the magazine in comparison to the commoner periodicle . it be like a stallion among donkey . the thought provoke article , review , etc. be a intellectual pleasure to read . i actually feel like i have attain a greater understanding of the world after read a issue -lrb- ... -rrb- . i recommend that you read a issue of this magazine for yourself to see if it really be all i have say it be or if i be just a fool who be overenthusiastic about a periodical .
816	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	superlative be hard to apply in a market as fractured as science fiction . be `` hard '' sf better than `` soft '' ? what about `` space opera '' ? and what importance be place on exact scientific accuracy ? therefore , it be impossible to pin down a single magazine as the `` best '' in the field .  however , for fan of character-driven and sociological science fiction , `` asimov 's '' must surely be the top of the line . through the year it have enjoy a number of skillful and discriminate editor , and have foster the editorial career of professional who now edit other genre magazine . this title have be lavish with award , include the hugo and the nebula , for both its content and its management . it have the longest unbroken publishing history of any sf magazine currently in print . and its subscription number have be traditionally the strongest in the genre market .  that say , in the soft sf market of the last decade , the magazine have suffer . as advertising revenue have drop off and subscription have flag , the number of page have get smaller through the year , and there be fewer story as a result . the magazine have change hand twice in recent year . and , without asimov himself at the symbolic helm , there have be a slight drift in theme .  in spite of all this , `` asimov 's '' be easily the best buy in sf mag today . with story excellently choose by gardner dozois that at least stick comfortably within the genre , entertaining and illuminating essay by endure author robert silverberg , and informative , concise book review , this magazine cover the gamut of science fiction .  though sf have suffer in recent year , this magazine remain one of the strongest purchase available to fan and neophyte of the genre . enjoy with all compliment , and remember , there be another one come next month .
662	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	aside from the natgeo be a outstanding magazine , i discover shortly after subscribe that i could create a online natgeo account and download the current issue . since i have something of a problem with impaired eyesight , this be a real blessing . the one downside to this be that a single issue can consume hundred of megabyte , so it be not feasible to keep all the natgeo issue that i own on my ipad at the same time . still , this be a very nice bennie at no additional cost .
897	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i have previously subscribe to national geographic magazine and be not disappoint . from the phenomenal photography to the well think out and research article that take you around the world , it be a great educational tool and timely commentary on what be happen to we world and environment , thank you .
548	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this magazine be really obsess with celebrity . i mean , some be okay , but they think that celebrity be the center of we life . well , that be not true . it be a okay magazine but it really need to focus more on real issue . the title be also a little off . it be actually aim more at pre-teens . if you be a teen , you will probably want something more mature like cosmogirl or seventeen .
779	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be pretty good for younger girl , like preteen age , who want to read about celebrity , new movie , and new music . it be also good for older girl who be bore and want to read about they favorite pop artist . it be mainly gossip , but it be get some great picture in it . so , check it out .
872	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i have be a subscriber for about 3 year now . i always enjoy get the magazine in the mail . i have to spend 3-4 hour to get through all the picture and content -lrb- which be all very good -rrb- and it give i great idea with what to do to my place .
307	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	it do not get much better than see my 12 year old non-reader son flip through the page , show interest in the world around he .
790	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	entrepreneur magazine be a easy read that allow we work professional to have access to fresh idea and interesting article . i consider it a bargain give the amount and quality of information i receive for about a buck . there be a lot of ad and subscription offer to deal with , but that seem to be the case with most media . i do not consider this a substitute for read book on business . it be a good complement however .
189	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	interview 's get it all : fashion , music , film , people , and it be do the right way . it be visually please , well-written , classy , and ahead of the trend-curve .
600	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	teen magazine that deal with teen interest . address celeb in the news in a age appropriate manner .
919	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the best soap opera magazine that i have see . a must-have for soap lover like i ! : -rrb-
999	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	great magazine . you have to read something like this one . not only for improve you knowledge , but also for a better life to feel and search .
737	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	great magazine at a great price . it be in my mailbox every month with no problem . .
561	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i agree with the other person who state that he have to stop subscribe to this mag because of all the offer receive . ever since norman vincent pearle who originally create this magazine pass away they start to bombarde people with offer to spend more money all the time and it get riduculous ! i always love the magazine with the true story , and would resubscribe but have to stop for the same reason and it be a shame .
586	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i buy this magazine for my 10 year-old son . he always find interesting article and picture . it be well worth the price for such great quality .
119	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	its a great take along on trip , rather than tote a book . hand it over to friend or school . keep a few issue whith article we use as reference .
131	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	both initial purchase and magazine subscription extension be do through amazon . a little confusing as i recall , but i figure it out . always hope they get the extension date right . magazine be top ! can not beat amazon 's price when on sale .
840	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i buy the j-14 mag every month , and i spend 4.99 + tax on it . sometime i do not have the money to spend on it , but i really want it . but if u get this it be for 12 month -lrb- so never miss one -rrb- and it be a great price !
769	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i have every issue ever publish . it may not have a research\/academic emphasis or super detailed drawing like `` detail '' magazine or `` architectural review '' but dwell be just a all around good magazine for inspiration , information , and generally a experience that feel good .
276	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i have enjoy natural history for a long time but i now prefer to buy individual copy . i be not a major science buff and the fund-raising tactic the museum have use be very annoying . i really be mostly interested in evolution and dna , which be not always feature . for many year , the magazine have do a good job of explore current thought on diverse aspect of natural history . i agree , there have be a bit of `` dumb down '' over time . this may be part of a effort -lrb- misguided and unfortunate in my view -rrb- to attract a broader readership . the article be still authoritative , well-written and handsomely illustrate , however . i be extremely fond of the american museum of natural history and always go there when in new york . the problem that drive i away from the subscription be the tendency to send i thing i do not ask for - like a sizeable collection of greet card - and then to demand in rather peremptory term that i make a contribution to pay for they . i dislike be send thing i do not want -lrb- the greet card strike i as bland and unappealing , as well as surprisingly irrelevant to the magazine and its subject matter -rrb- and then be tell i must pay for they or be regard as some sort of abominable churl . so i just let my subscription expire . in fairness , this be a couple of year ago . i do not know if that practice continue . i hasten to add that i be not repel by reasonable fundraising initiative , particularly from institution like this that i respect and admire . i be happy to contribute to such institution as i be able . i just feel the method employ here be vexing and unreasonable .
543	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	wow ! i love this magizine , and it have hilary duff in it ! -lrb- a total plus !!! -rrb- it have - embarassing moment , cool comeback , the newest cleb pic , poster in every issue , beauty tip , horroscope ,  ton of music , very intresting article , and a zillion other thing !!!!! i love this mag , and its so colorful , its hard to miss !!!!! its my fave , you gotta get it !!
844	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i ablotley adore this magizine ! it have all my favorite star i dont think it be good for little kid like 8 year old because it have nothing they be intrest in . i think it be best to be 10 and up because then you be more inrest in beatuy , hair , boys , gossip , and celeb . it like star , us weekly but for teens ! : d i love this magizine ! oh yah for twilight fan it have plenty of robert pattison kirsten stweart and taylor launter ! .
256	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	it do not have a lot of the old-style writer -lrb- silverberg come to mind -rrb- , but there be lot of great author represent here . a real adventure !
449	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	national geographic have always be one of my favorite magazine . the picture be always stunning and the article be always interesting and informative . it be a great way to learn new thing about science and about other culture without actually be there .
44	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i grow up on read national geographic . the photograph in the magazine have always be nothing short of spectacular . i also be a big fan of its tv special and now the cable channel . my favorite issue of the magazine have always involve animal , especially marine life . they concern for the environment be obvious but the magazine also cover people who have to live off the land like the indigenous people in the artic . there be always two side to every story . i also enjoy read about other culture from around the world , like japan and china . after read this magazine for over two decade , i find myself still entertain by national geographic . the photograph and article be consistent and interesting . it be a timeless treasure to be enjoy for generation to come and should teach everyone to respect each other and this planet .
198	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	asimov 's science fiction be currently the best sf magazine out there . you just need to look at the author that appear there , or if the name mean nothing to you , find out how many of the nominee for the hugos and nebulas in the last few year be originally publish here . gardner dozois , the editor keep get the award for best editor year after year . or , if award do not convince you , just grab a issue for the best short fiction . you can sample the story -lrb- ... -rrb- enjoy !
776	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine be great because it do not have a lot of advertisement . teen magazine and other magazine like that have way too many . j14 give you all the gossip . teens should definately buy it ! it win over any magazine .
770	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this be the only magazine i pay to subscribe to and at $ 15 a year - it be a steal . i have yet to skip a page !
731	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i be about to skip renew vogue b\/c all the offer i get be for $ 20 + \/ year . then it dawn on i to check amazon , and holey moley i find it for $ 15\/year ! awesome ! i have no idea this service exist , and now i be so glad i do . my purchase be process quickly and i receive my first issue -lrb- sept. -rrb- last week . thanks , amazon !
793	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	if you love modern , this be the magazine for you . lot of great story and picture of modern home and furniture . i love get this magazine every month . for a new lover of modern , it be a great introduction .
479	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	vogue magazine have be around along time . i have be order the magazine since i be 18 year old which be almost 30 year to keep up on trend and the latest designer style . except for the 90 's the magazine have always be on the top of it be game as far as fashion . just renew another year . i also receive other fashion magazine but vogue be the only one that i have renew continuously .
328	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this mag have its up and downs but there be no other magazine with more class and originality . it be a icon all over the world . the editor have inspire book and movie for she perfectionism and professionalism . she and vogue have go a long way toward make woman strong and independent . without vogue magazine fashion would not be a multi-billion dollar industry .
264	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	national geographic be such a great magazine what with the nice picture and great word and wonderful item about everything and anything under the sun !
460	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	if you only subscribe to one magazine , ever -- make it harper 's . the index , lewis lapham and the fine group of editor and contribute writer be something i look forward to every month . i will always subscribe to harper 's -- regardless of what direction my political or philosophical view may take .
544	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	my good friend give i a subscription to ng as a gift -- and what a wonderful idea it be ! of course i have be long familiar with it , and always pick it up in a doctor 's lobby or in a train station wait room , but have my own issue to pore over as long as i want be a real treat . also , i frequently donate item i be not use to goodwill , vietnam veterans , and other organization , and old issue of ng be the only old magazine these charity will take . they can still sell they , no matter the age . that be quite a testament to national geo . the magazine be beautiful , enlighten , and wide-ranging in its topic and the photograph retain they world-class reputation . a outstanding gift idea .
507	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	but still pretty interesting ? i love the picture and most of the story . but i might not renew when the year be up
745	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i highly recommend guideposts magazine . it make a great gift for the hard-to-buy type , and it be a magazine that come across as open and honest , without be `` preachy . '' i say it be a interfaith magazine , however it be rare to see article about muslims , who certainly must have uplifting story of they own to tell . nevertheless , it be a great little magagzine to read when you want to read a little something while in bed , when you have a little break from the kid , or when you need something a little more positive in you life .
462	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	buy this as a gift for my friend . he enjoy they as i always have .
606	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i have never hear about about a magazine recieve a nobel prize -- even if the svede be clever people . but if it should happen , then national geographic be on the top of my list . it might be a handfull to read this astonise accurate world of information , but you know it be fact . this be journalism in mega-class . but the picture be breathake . . i have never -- ever -- see anything as good as in the national geographic ; they be indeed in a class for they self . i have love the proto here since before i could read -- and i never travel without a copy -- they should be award a nobel prize . . for . . i do not know . . something .
693	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	the weekly standard be a must read for all conservative thinker . as a conservative college student place in the middle of a leftist-mecca -lrb- university of pittsburgh -rrb- , the weekly st. give i the info i need to stay alive .
486	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	hus , i read this mag . at a friend 's house and i think it be pretty cool ! some of the artical be downright boring but most be really cool ! also at my age everyone want to know about the latest celeb . gossip but not the junky britney spear kind of stuff . ya ' know ... the song and singer that be hot and stuff ! i think it be great that they finally make a mag . for kid about celeb 's but without all the inopropriate stuff that parent do not want kid to see !
153	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	interesting , engage , awe inspiring and so human . i love this magazine . it remind i everytime of what a amazing and awesome planet we live on with equally fascinating creature and of course human being . it be a spiritual experience without the supernatural bull-s ___ .
984	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	vogue have be the top fashion magazine for decade . if you want to know upcoming fashion design from the world 's greatest designer , you will want to read vogue . always a thick , lushly photographed production , you always get more than you money 's worth subscribe to vogue .
694	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	its quite simple national geographic be the magazine . no other publication can deliver the article , the photo , the research proyect , the map and the overal quality . this a magazine for those with the constant `` itch '' to go further and to learn more about the world and the universe .
666	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	everybody know about national geographic . it may be the greatest magazine publication of all time . the image and the story be always grip and move , and take you to part of the world that most people could never visit otherwise . the gold box deal of $ 10 for the subscription be simply too awesome to pass up , but even the current $ 15 subscription qualify as almost too good to be true . how you could pass on it be beyond i . i know i wasnt able to , and wouldnt have want to pass on it anyway .
391	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	this magazine if full of fun fashion item ! it show you some great idea of how to do thing for the upcoming year ! its a definite go !! : -rrb-
519	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i think lewis latham 's `` notebook , '' which appear at the beginning of each issue be , all by itself , reason enough to subscribe to harpers -lrb- and at this price , who can resist ? -rrb- . like nearly everyone else , i like the index but wish , like nearly everyone else , there be more in the magazine about the item themselves . best of all , however , be `` reading , '' the snippet , essay , statement , photograph , poem , letter , dialogue , leaflet , very short story and other report about everything under the sun , that follow the index . of course , each issue feature longer essay , personal narrative and short story that reflect we time , but i like the three section at the beginning of the magazine the best and they be the reason why i have be subscribe to this magazine for nearly 25 year .
365	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this be a great magazine which i recommend to everyone . wonderful picture , interesting article . very educational for child . need i say more ?
58	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	well it be just not for everyone . but if you be 11-15 i highly reccomend this to you . this magazine be clearly for girl who be girly and like to read about celeb and get poster !!! not for guys or girl who like to read the intellectual law of science . i be almost thirteen -lrb- i will be next month : -rrb- and i think this mag be totally awsome ! and ya wanna know why ?! because not only do it have celebrity gossip -lrb- hilary duff eating too much cookie dough say what ?! -rrb- but there also news about when you favorite artist ' new cd be come out ! the people i know who do not like this magazine live in the bad side of town in a wicked crappy appartment with druggy 's nextdoor or maybe they live in a trailer park ?? i be just say that all those people who write those one star review sound like they dont really have a life - no offense but i do and maybe this magazine help i live it - okay ??? parent ; buy a subscription for you daughter today !! thanks for you anticipated cooperation \*\* have a nice day \*\*
155	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	for a little while i be confuse with the article selection . it seem they be pick some piece that be not really about geography , sociology , or history . more like current event . but the last year or two they have be on track with solid story and spectacular photography . i be more impressed with smithsonian for awhile , but they new format be laughable -lrb- you can read my update 3 star review at the amazon listing : smithsonian -lrb- 1-year automatic renewal -rrb- . national geographic have take its place as top world history\/sociology magazine again . the story may be less flesh out than some other magazine . these guy be definitely about the picture . but the picture usually serve a purpose . they be not just glossy and pretty . look in a recent issue about global warming and population increase in bangladesh , the picture illustrate the point of the story : the struggle of many impoverished citizen in a country in the grip of climate change . the story have get less ` preachy ' and do not tend to berate folk for not do everything they can to help those in need . instead the story tend to show both outlook on a divide issue without paint one in a bad light . of course , the reader can usually infer from the nature of the story the outlook that nat geo favor . it be a highly liberal magazine focus on conservation , but that be what they have be about for year , so it should not surprise anyone . i highly recommend this magazine for those folk look for great story on a variety of topic pertain to nature , history , and people .
824	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	national geography magazine ... excellent for family reading ... also with great photography , if you dont have time to travel around . this a a good deal from amazon , $ 15 for subscription of one year .
164	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i really get this for my kid . the photography be fenomenal and intrigue my child into learning and reading .
398	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	`` hawaii '' be a magazine devote to cover all aspect of hawaii , and as such be orient less toward tourist and more toward resident than many other publication . the magazine cover current event in hawaii , environmental issue on the island , and feature many cultural and heritage-oriented article that many tourist will find of only pass interest . every issue have a useful event calendar for all the island individually -lrb- `` kauai happenings , '' etc. -rrb- the editor be very good to cover all the island equitably , with as much emphasis on kauai as oahu , for instance . despite the seeming focus on resident , there be many article of interest to visitor , and numerous advertisement of great use to tourist as well . i enjoy visit hawaii and find the magazine to be worthwhile , and actually enjoy the fact that it be not focus exclusively on the tourist ; the thing i learn from `` hawaii '' magazine help i to more fully appreciate the beauty and nuance of all the island . i recommend `` hawaii '' to anyone interested in know more about america 's most tropical state .
535	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	national geographic magazine offer more for you money than any other publication i know . the quality of research , variety of subject matter , and the manner in which the each article be tackle be superb . from first page turn to last page sadly close , you attention will be grip and you will not be able to put it down ! it be hard to imagine the depth of information that this publication disseminate for the subscription price it charge ; it be the best bargain on the planet . over the year we family school project have be enhance through ngm ; we have all be educate far beyond what we schooling bring we ; solid statistics have be pass on to other , to help further they knowledge on a topic . we magazine have be lend out to other and at the end , due to minimal storage space , i have -lrb- albeit reluctantly -rrb- `` recycled '' my older magazine to school or other institution that crave these educational magazine . again - best bargain on the planet !
671	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	interview be quite possibly the best magazine in term of nag-for-your-quality-for-your-buck-for-your-time for fashion photographer , or any in the fashion industry .
185	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	great tip for tweaking you homemade wine . i read each issue cover to cover and learn something with every issue .
126	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i have be a subscriber to this magazine for close to a decade now , and it be one that i be loathe to be without . the article be short , pithy , and be just about always write in a single block - no `` continue on p. 34 . '' i do not always agree with every article or opinion , and i know the magazine have the reputation of be a neo-conservative publication , but for keep up with current event from the point of view of conservative -lrb- and often christian -rrb- it beat the rest . my favorite feature be `` the scrapbook '' and casual - both usually very funny . i also enjoy the `` books & arts '' section - it make hold onto each issue worthwhile , as the review be so good that they be usually re-readable . a subscription to this magazine be a treat !
748	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i get this every year for my mother , and she really enjoy read it . it be a good way to get update if you miss some show , and the who be come and go be always interesting and fun to know .
957	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	we love this magazine ! we have have a subscription to this magazine for a couple of year now and just renew ! we use to pick they up locally one by one , we decide that we love the educational value of the magazine and we child could use the magazine for they study . that be when we decide it be worth pay for a subscription to the magazine . this information offer so much information and we can turn the t.v. off and read and learn through other method such as national geographic which officer world wide educational information . the photography be very beautiful and also educational . this magazine be very valuable to we family and worth the return on we investment -lrb- subscription to the magazine -rrb- . we gain so much knowledge from this magazine and for we household , we will pay more for knowledge than material thing -lrb- car , house , brand name clothes etc -rrb- . . we child love the photography and it allow we to use this educational magazine as a means to teach we child to gain information , news , knowledge , etc from other source other than the t.v. . this magazine expose we child to article and other information that they may have not be expose to through school or we community . we child can use they imagination and go far away without leave we home . you will find the subject matter , photography , and write very interesting and informative . this magazine be one that will give back to you . . we only subscribe to national geographic and one other magazine . we only subscribe to the best ! this magazine will enrich you household and take you place you could never imagine ! well back to ng ! make for great family discussion ! -lrb- family time -rrb- clean magazine for the whole family !
538	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	buy this for my wife , love it too . i will probably renew it every year , and buy it as gift for friend
213	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	take everything that have already be say about the beauty of this magazine and insert it here . then add to it the following :  as a artist i hoard natinal geographic magazine like pirate 's treasre . for inspiration and reference material , they be simply invaluable . we basement be full of maginz that i would read again and again and again . the journalism be wonderful , the photograph remarkable , and the scope of subject matter be stagger . such a lovely publication . i really look forward to buy a home so i can have the space to get a regular subscription .
113	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	love this magazine . whish it have more `` how to do '' article though .
511	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	national georgraphic be one of the best magazine out there . it be extremely educational and informative with just outstanding photograph . for the young , old , and all inbetween ! great , great service from amazon.com ! i recommend both highly . no problem whatsoever ! go for it !!!!
190	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	high fashion have become a art form , and vogue be excellent in its presentation of the latest in woman 's clothes . what disappoint i be that like every woman 's magazine now , vogue have mostly go to have actress and other entertainer on its cover . for that reason alone , i can not give it 5 star . i wish these publication would be honest about what kind of deal be cut to get the people they have on they cover .
373	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i use to read this at my grandmother house when i spend summer with she . my child enjoy flip through the page to look at the photo , so they will be the 4th generation of my family to read this magazine .
965	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	this mag be da bomb ! i buy it at first just because christina aguilera be in a article in it . i keep buy it month after because i just could not stop read it , plus its get ton of pic ! i be cover my wall in celebrity pic and this come in handy ; -rrb- but there like gossip , interview , and funy cartoon pic of artist , and like just everything you can imagine . the only thing i didnt quite like be how there be poster every single time of britney , nsync , and bsb , i mean there be so many more artistsout there !! butif you love music -lrb- its mostly a pop mag -rrb- then this definitly be the mag for you !
706	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	vogue be serious fashion . this magazine be for follower of couture designer and the fashion industry . it be not for those who want 10 way to drive a man crazy in bed ! vogue offer the most complete coverage of seasonal show as well as beautiful fashion layout ... mine arrive in the mail about two week after it be out ont he stand .
569	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	harper 's magazine be awesome . i love that i can keep up with current event while also enjoy some fiction too .
699	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	i love the poster it be ok it give you a lot of information on celebrities good quiz you will love this magazine if you be a preteen or even if your not it keep you informed on your favorite bands .
917	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	5	i be shock at the nasty comment about catholic digest here .  this be a publication that have serve catholics in the u.s. for well over fifty year . this angry bias against they be unfonded and untrue . it be a `` digest '' of some of the best reading for catholics albeit a `` digest '' so why would one expect something else when you subscribe ?  i enjoy receive it each month . besides , it be the only magazine i find my teenage niece reading in my house ! i think that speak volume !!!  thank you catholic digest for remain faithful in you service to catholics who actually read magazine for enjoyment and pleasure .  p.s. no magazine do not sell its list to worthy organization . if you do not want to get these mail offer , tell the magazine and they will remove you from the list offer to other .
725	Magazine_Subscriptions	POS	4	it be true that entrepreneur mag be load with ad -- but those ad can be interesting in themselves . i always find it fascinating to see what ad pop and what ad be junk -- and it be easy to see the difference . this be a opportunity to develop you own advertising strategy ! as for the content , there be certainly room for improvement . i personally enjoy the entrepreneur profile , though i wish they be longer . i would like to see more meat here . have be in business for several year now , i find the most value in this magazine come from the front section where they list interesting tip , new product , and survey result . not a month go by that i do not bookmark a page so i can follow up on a new product or check out a website mention in a short piece . for that alone , the low subscription price be worth the investment . there be a lot of information on franchise , which be great for those interested in this business model . though this be not my personal cup of tea , i still find it interesting to read the list of franchise and notice the trend in popularity . who know there be so many pet service franchise available ! sure , it could use more real-world advice , but i still consider this one of the best general magazine available for entrepreneur . not every topic can appeal to every reader since we all run different kind of business and seek different information . if you be look for something more specific to you industry , a trade magazine would make more sense . but i still recommend you keep you entrepreneur mag too so you can keep a eye on the climate of the small biz world .
575	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	the weekly standard be where the advocate of militarism and corporatism share the thought cobble together by various industry lawyer , think tank , and pr agent  pr ! - a social history of spin  it be regularly promote through other avenue of right-wing cultism , like the limbaugh show and all the little limbaughs  echo chamber : rush limbaugh and the conservative media establishment  like any propaganda , it should be monitor to see how the spin doctor of the right-wing establishment be deceive those who subscribe to the value of elitism , imperialism , and other ugly aspect of the american empire  kill hope : u.s. military and c.i.a. interventions since world war ii-updated through 2003  for people who be interested in the real world , i would recommend :  the conservative nanny state : how the wealthy use the government to stay rich and get richer
690	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	receive 3 issue , then it stop , and we have be get renewal request since then . do not purchase this ever !!!
523	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the magazine be ridiculous . the people in this magazine be a bunch of pretentious yuppie and art student pose as architect . people who be interested in $ 2,000 bath should have more interest in feed starving child around the world . i receive this mag as a gift and cancel the subscription anyway . elitist rubbish .
956	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i can not understand why this be still list to sell here . i order this as a gift to my son before the holiday . they make it clear i would not receive until february and that be fine . but a day ago -lrb- january 20 -rrb- , amazon email i to tell i my money have be refund . i write to they to ask why . someone call i from amazon -lrb- that be a good thing that they follow up -rrb- , but she could not give a clear explanation for why it be cancel -- something to do with the seller have too many or not enough or ??? but if this be the case , why be this still be offer ? i be tempt to try order again to see what happen , but if this mean my son do not get he subscription , or we go through this again ?? and , again they warn it will take 6 week . this would not bother i so much if this be not still here advertise to sell .
50	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i plan to call and have my subscription cancel . this magazine be way too mainstream for my family and also do not offer anything fresh or different from any of the other `` parenting '' magazine .
344	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i will no longer subscribe to national geographic . this year we start get unsolicited junk from either national geographic or they `` partner '' company masquerade as national geographic and then bill we for the dvd , map , etc. . i express my concern in a letter to national geographic about the problem and they do not bother to contact i . of course now they be send these bogus bill to they `` collection department . '' no more national geographic magazine ever !
572	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	i order the vogue on 7\/17 , and today be 8\/29 , i still have not receive it . i order two magazine at the same time , get another one one week ago .
427	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	it be okay if u love pop music . but definately dont come here if u in here for the poster unless u want britney spear . they do though have good gossip and embaress momment lot of stuff to read but its not my fav magazine
515	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i order the subscription on 11\/24\/09 hope it only take 4-6 week . have two more week to go . could have order it direct from ng and start it right away but be $ 10.00 more . it may turn out to be a better buy if i do not receive it ...
210	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	i be a subscriber to national geographic for fifteen year until last december when i let my subscription lapse . why ? three reason --  1 . the map . i use to love the great map that you would get all the time . well , the number of map per year keep drop to the point where it be hard to justify pay the amount of money for the subscription for fewer map . plus the map that be come out be less and less useful . be it really a `` map '' if its a picture of some dinosaur ? or picture of the `` native people '' that live throughout the land ? or any other picture for that matter ? i want a map i can use ! i want a map that i can hang up on a wall to find stuff when i need it , not a bunch of pretty picture . the last straw come in 2002 when the back of one of the map contain a advertisement for a truck !  2 . the story be no longer interesting . i mean , when you decide to pull a random zip code in the us to make a story out of it , it be no longer fun . national geographic use to be about discover the new and unique . today it seem more appropriate to show you thing you probably already new .  3 . the cost . the cost of the magazine seem to keep go up , go up 15 % between 2001 and 2002 . i recognize cost keep go up , but this be ridiculous .  national geographic tend to be one of those `` keep forever '' type magazine . well , what good be it for i to have this huge collection of magazine that i be not interested in read ? in short , national geographic may be great for kid with school project , but a waste of money for adult .  i guess some people may think `` no ! you can not insult national geographic ! '' but i call it like i see it . stop and think , be you read the magazine you be buy or do you just not want to stop the twenty year tradition of yellow bookshelf ?
418	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	a subscription to this non-magazine be a gift . so far i have receive one issue . however , i feel that potential subcriber need to know that this be not worth the paper it be print on . the project be outdate , very simplistic and not creative or attractive . the issue which i receive be a whopping 38 page . if a product could be rate minus 5 star , that be what this be .
162	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i buy this magazine as read material for my flight home from ruzyne airport in prague to nyc . this be the first time i ever purchase this magazine . terrible choice . first of all this magazine be not worth the $ 10 + usd i pay for it . it be way too large to do anything with on the airplane and the content be for the lack of a better word boring ! every other page be some chic ad . who buy this magazine ? well i will not be buy it again .
668	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this be unbelievable , i put my order at jun. 1 2010 and get cancel at jul. by the reason of `` in error '' . then email amazon to clarify the whole thing out . the only good thing be amazon offer i a coupon to match my original price -lrb- without this , i 'll grad it `` one star '' -rrb- . right now , it be mid aug. , i still do not have my first issue yet . 2 and half month ... be careful guy .
715	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	i make a gift subscription for this magazine , national geographic in december 2009 . and be still wonder if the first copy have be deliver to the address . i can give a proper review only when i get a confirmation that the magazine have already be post to the address !!!!
801	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the magazine hit a new low recently but be in lockstep with the media bias demomstrate so wonderfully by the chicago tribune . the story track a particular pistol travel from manufacturer to the street of chicago exhibit the typical reporter attempt to shape public opinion to they viewpoint . stories such as these be shine example of how america 's public be slowly brainwash into believe what the reporter portray in a one side story . america , the firearm issue be the biggest cover-up since the jfk assassination . if you disbelieve what i have just state you already brainwash .
229	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	do anybody really read this ? or , do file clerk just carry it around on the subway to impress each other ? it take vogue 500 page to say nothing about people and thing of no significance in the real world . innocent tree be be slaughter to provide endless advertisement . it be the narcissist 's bible . i like to imagine that the editorial staff really sit around laugh every month about the worthless stuff they churn out -- just wait for people to realize that this be a hoax . i pray that vogue be the publishing industry 's war of the world ! but then , i have always be a optomist .
659	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i have be buy this magazine off and on ever since the first issue . i keep all of the issue and enjoy look at they over time again and again . i enjoy the article and interview of the star and the informative ad on where to get merchandise . thank you for a wonderful magazine ... there be so few of they out on the newsstand .
825	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i use to read this magazine a long time ago when i be like 13 . i have since then grow out of this magazine . i personally be sick of magazine like this that have celebrity gosssip . this magazine be almsost as bad as us weekly . get seventeen magazine instead . p.s-i be not a kid - i do not have a login
31	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i cant believe that people be buy into this crap . pop artist and celebrity be worthless ! i hate all of they , and besides , they dont like you , so why should you like they ? hmmm ? celebrity worship be very unhealthy , and unless its dave mustaine or eddie van halen or somebody like that that you idolize , then you be just waste you life . who care about gossip or a few picture of that overrate as hell skank paris hilton ? if you buy this you be contribute to the downfall of america just like george dubya , you would not want to be a dumb-f \*\* k clown like dubya , would you ? read this be the equivilent of stick you head in a burning fireplace .
687	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	this magazine have great photo , and as a aficionado of mid-century modern i be draw to it like a moth to a flame . but , if you want to actually apply any of these idea to you own house , do not hold you breath -- unless you have $ 150k to plunk down . the featured house be all either custom build new home , or incredibly expensive redesign . i actually get pretty excite the first few issue , with all the possibility , until i mention some of the material to my architect friend . yes , the nanowall be great , but it be $ 30k for a slide door . i have begin to find the magazine frustrate to read , simply because they dangle these amazing home in front of i with no real hope of my ever approximate any of they in real life . i be hope for a magazine that be far more practical .
665	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	subscribe to v mag sometime last year . first off i wait almost 3 month before i receive my first issue . then ... i never receive another . terrible service !!! i love read the article and mostly gather shoot idea from the photo but i be not gonna blow money away . they really need to get they act together before a bunch of subscriber wise up and threaten a class action lawsuit !
551	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	okay , the magazine itself be great . but be warn : when you order it , you will receive several back issue that you may very well already have purchase . i order it and receive the new march issue plus the old january and february issue that i already have . i 'll try to call they tomorrow to fix it , but what a pain . i would guess it be because they have lot of old unsold issue lie around anyway . national geographic have a great magazine and some good documentary , but they business side be awful . such a stupid move to send i old issue . it just make i really dislike the whole thing .
35	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	i use to be a subscriber and a avid reader . recently , perhaps in the last two year or so , the quality of the writing have become rather poor . the selection of article be uninteresting , and sometimes half the article themselves be so poorly write as to be unreadable . the fiction be simply mediocre , and the entire magazine seem to be infect with editor lewis lapham 's shrill and ever-growing notebook -lrb- do the man ever have anything interesting or original to say ? -rrb- . in short , harper 's be not the magazine it once be . i would suggest the atlantic monthly if you want a magazine that be interesting , informative , and well-written , cover to cover .
880	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i order this through amazon , receive my first issue , then have the subscription promptly cancel . call nat geo , get route to india and receive the typical call center `` customer service . '' i offer to repurchase the subsciption from nat geo , they want to charge nearly $ 40 , yet they own web site display $ 15 . the customer service rep tell i to order from the web site then . this kind of disconnect between a company 's web pressence and other incarnation be unexceptable in this day and age . plus , they be still call my house try to sell i crap ! i never expect a historically beloved and classy magazine like national geographic to have such shoddy and trashy customer service practice . they be obviously make a ton of loot , because they do not seem to care about retain my business at all . strange and a little sad when i can order entertainment weekly and receive more lucid service than from nat geo .
28	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	$ 15 for a year 's subscription at the national geographic mag site . go there and buy it . one star for amazon try to get you to shell out the extra dough . - karl
961	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	read the headliner for this review , as well as the other 1-star review . i be go back to my revolver and game informer . bye .
238	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i order national geographic and reader 's digest for a gift from amazon for my two brother . that be two and a half month ago . they still have not receive either one . they have start receive promotional mail from national geographic so they be on the mailing list . how long should it take before the magazine will arrive ? this seem like too long . it be nearly 3 month . i probably would not order this again , unless a wanted to wait indefinitely for it to arrive .
504	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i have not receive this item yet , so i can not give it a review .
303	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	when i order this magazine , i neglect to give the shipping address of the person that recieve the gift . i send a e-mail to you and ask to correct that and mail it to cheryl eaton , 21 tarbox rd. . jericho vt ,05465 . the `` inc '' magazine be mail directly to she , but the `` entrepreneur '' magazine come to my address yesterday . would you please correct this and be sure it get mail to cheryl eaton at the above addre in the future . thanks for you attention in this matter . ingrid samuelsen
271	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	why the ... would i want to read about the celebrity ' life when i have my own life to live !!! i have say this once before ... be you own person ... !!! for the love of ... why do you people adore these people !!! wow do you think i care about stupid gossip and a few worthless picture to look at !!! make you own dream come true , be a leader not a follower !!! why should we care about celebrity when they do not care about we !!! the real people who deserve to acknowledge be not , but these celebrity be worship !!! i have nothing against mtv , but gosh this be a example of how it control the teens of america !!! mtv promote celebrity worship - which be unhealthy - , be bias of pop and rap , give teens the wrong meaning of music , and what the heck do the real world and viva la bam have to with music ... nothing , but hey they be two great show , yet nothing to do with music , be on music television !!! look , i like mtv but , i be no mtv zombie that follow by what mtv say be so call cool , j 14 , teen people be example of this !!! people read a magazine that have a meaning to it not some more ... cheat from the tree !!! i give this stupid magazine a 1\/5 !!!
312	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i purchase this national geographic subscription for my husband in december and it be now february and i still have not receive one issue ? i would hesitate recommend ` sign up ' for that reason .
410	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i suppose this be not a product review exactly , but i be suppose to receive this at a reduce rate after buy something else , and never receive even one issue , even after contact amazon , and the magazine subscription dept. .
673	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	there be a time when liberalism have a connotation of deep thinking , tolerance , and openness to healthy , civil debate . no longer . and harper 's be a perfect symbol for all that ail the leave . to call this magazine `` leave lean '' be a farce . it do not lean ... it completely , totally , enthusiastically , and blindly tumble and fall into the `` far leave '' swamp . the tone be often hysterically and shrilly partisan , reflect the ongoing deafness and disconnection that the leftist media elite have towards the mainstream of america . the quality of the writing and feature selection have decline precipitously through recent year . this rag be about as credible now as the guardian , national enquirer , or , come to think of it , the new york times ! save you money , lol !
167	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i pick up a copy recently and find the same mind-numbing drivel -lrb- regard salmon in the northwest -rrb- that can be find at any uber-leftist commune . all slant , even the fact . if the magazine be that far off base on something that i know quite a lot about , how can i trust anything else that it print from part of the world that i do not know ? ... i can not .
183	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	first issue due to arrive in 6 , yes six week . . i hope ! a little ridiculous in the 21st century . see newsweek 's fate !
685	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	national geographic be a wonderful magazine that any one can enjoy . however , do not subscribe to it from amazon . why pay thirty some dollar , when you can get the exact same thing from the national geographic website for fifteen dollar . i do recomend that you get this magazine , you will not regret it . just save you money and do not get it from amazon.com .
895	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i be disappointed because i order the magazine on march 12 and will not receive it til june 6 . if i have know ahead of time that it would take this long i would have order the magazine thru another vendor . totally disappoint .
172	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	the magazine itself be outstanding . but the service be bad . early this year , they miss send i one issue . i call they , email they , fill form to they . then they email i say that they will issue i the miss issue ... but it never come !!! ca not they just keep they word ?? for all the effect i have put on handle this , i will never order it again .
377	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i think this magazine would be full of page about antique with picture , explanation of the item and possible value . i find it have too much advertising , not enough about antiques\/antiquing for my taste . it have very high quality\/high price antique , so if this be what you collect or be interested in this be for you . the printing be lovely . i be look more for antique like you might acidentally find , not the one you have to mortgage you home to own ! other may love this magazine but i do not . cancel this magazine .
480	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	i like the poster ... but everything ele be pointless . this mag . should be name j-10 or something , because i can not see any of my friend actually pick up this garbage . there be way too much fluff that i personally do not give a dang about . and poor eminem ... he look constipate on the cover ! lol if you want a real music mag. , i reccommend blender or rolling stone . for a true teen mag. , get teen people or cosmo girl ... or ym be you like extra fluff .
620	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	this magazine be fill with ad and the article be rarely very interesting -lrb- unless you make million -rrb- . not worth my precious time !
144	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	first copy come on july 10th , a month after i subscribe . but why be it june ` s issue ? i do not subscribe for outdated copy of the magazine ...
326	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	it you live in canada be warn , magazine be always late by at least one issue , they customer service very unhelpful . buy it at the newsstand .
117	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	what be up with all the people order this on here and not receive they magazine , amazon ?? this be a fun , `` tiger beat '' type of magazine ... but it be much better if you actually get the magazine .
353	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i have read many positive review of this magazine and i do receive , several month ago , a trial issue . after send in the subscription fee , i be bill again . i write a note let they know that the check have be endorse and deposit . yesterday , i get a notice tell i my subscription have expire after one issue . i give up . it might be good , but customer service be really lousy . what a disappointment .
439	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	i order this magazine for my granddaughter last summer . no issue ever arrive . i learn this many month later when i ask my granddaughter how she like it . when i call the magazine , i be tell they would send one or two replacement . they never arrive either . i would not order from they again .
26	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	if you really want to read this magazine , do not subscribe . just buy it from barnes and noble . i purchase a year and receive four issue . four . i have not see a issue in six month . the magazine be very artistic . it be large like rolling stone use to be . very nice fashion photograph and interview on art and fashion . too bad the company blow .
51	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	2	a friend once say to i , `` if you want a glossy that be a no brainer then get vogue ! '' how right she be , despite have glorious photography , fashion model that dare not stand sideways or you would not be able to see they and the occasional good article in it , i have to admit i find vogue too pretentious . vogue want to be the voice of fashion , the voice of the high brow media but its clientele be the likes of you and i , ordinary people who can not afford to live the high life they be portray on its gloss fill page . personally i would rather spend my money on a movie ticket , i get to see a good thriller , sci-fus , romance etc , etc i do not have to know about the substence abuse and emotional demon that haunt a particular actor 's life , i be just interested in enjoy myself for a couple of hour before i go back to my hard work life in the real world . vogue be try to sell i a dream that i do not really want to buy into , never have a penchant for sell my soul to the devil , it be get two star though because the photography be really superb , shame about the rest of it though .
859	Magazine_Subscriptions	NEG	1	interview have be hit with a number of production problem over the last couple of year . the dual editor glenn o'brien and fabien baron coulnd ' t agree on content so baron leave in january of 09 . art director m\/m paris come in for three issue but leave when they be not pay . o'brienn leave in the summer of '09 and baron come back . the result ? well , the magazine never come on time -lrb- up to 2 month late , if at all ! -rrb- there be also a lot of double up the month , instead of october and november issue there be one october\/november issue combo , same with december and january . and this be write on february 7 , and still no february issue of the magazine have be mail . so subscribe at you own risk , because who know if interview be go to be around long enough to fulfill you subscription . and at $ 6 a issue , it be really not worth buy it on the newsstand . and to update , it be now march 15 and i have receive no february issue or march issue . here be interview 's response : `` we regret to inform you that we february issue will be deliver late due to production delay . please allow until march 10 , 2010 for delivery of this issue . we be sorry for the inconvenience this have cause . second update : may 2nd no february issue . no march issue . no april issue . no may issue . call up interview and cancel my subscription and demand a full refund for service not render . final update : i ask for a complete refund and get it ! they be a lot faster mail out they refund check than they magazine !!!!! so again , do not waste you money on a subscription to interview - you will not be mail any magazine .
