index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
567	Vacuum	POS	5	my daughter recieve this in a timely manor and she really like the sweeper itself ... i love that i could have it ship right to she house ... just make both of we life easier because she live like 32 mile away ...
542	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this little vacuum ! i work in a nursing home and we have a couple of they and we maintenance and housekeeping staff use they to clean in the little crack in doorway and such . for such a little vacuum , i think the price be a little high , but be a commercial hoover product and because the one at my work be definitely older model and still work great , i expect to get year of good use out of this little vacuum . the only problem i have encounter thus far be that i can not attach my miniature detail attachment to the hose , but i be go to rig up a adapter with some pvc pipe to fix that . other than that , i be highly satisfied and highly recommend !
441	Vacuum	POS	4	hoover portable vac be light weight and ideal for small cleaning job like carpeted step and clean out the car .
518	Vacuum	POS	4	we have have one for year , we need another one for the second floor as repeat haul up and down the stair have hurt the old one . i have purchase a huge stock of filter and bag for this model so decide to go with it - not to mention that it be still a consumer digest best buy . no issue whatsoever , it be probably a little noisy but we be use to it - have not owner another vacuum model in over 6 year . the additional accessory that have a roller attach to the hose be great for carpeted stair . you can not go wrong with this solid piece of machinery .
718	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum , because it be cordless , only run for a few minute before the battery be out . not much of a problem for i , as my family mainly use this to vacuum the car once in a while , but could definitely be a problem for people who think this would be a compact solution to clean they home . i have yet to be disappoint with the suction power of this vacuum , and can get it into most of the nook and cranny in my car . i be guilty of snack as i drive , especially when stick in traffic , and i be also a bit of a messy eater so there be almost always crumb and rogue cracker in my car . i love use this to vacuum the floor of my car because of its compact size , and i can easily move it from the front seat to back .
487	Vacuum	POS	5	i receive my vacuum within a week , but be not expect it until about two-three week , thanks ship service ! i love my bissel cleanview helix upright vacuum cleaner . i refuse to get a bag vacuum cleaner , it get pricy buy the bag over and over . it be so simple to just snap out the filter to this vacuum , dump it in the trash and rinse the filter . i highly recommend this vacuum . it have a long cord , and the power tool be great . great buy for the price you pay !
446	Vacuum	POS	5	i own a oreck for many year and love it . three month ago i purchase a shark navigator . i dislike it so much that i just purchase another oreck ... i love it . light weight , great suction , great on hard wood and easy to vacumn under furniture .
333	Vacuum	POS	5	i be search for a replacement for my kenmore cannister that lose its ooomph . after research consumer report i be just about set to buy the eureka 8340 series which be one of the top rate . after further research i find waay too many negative review in term of reliability and quality . make i wonder how this unit be top rate in the first place . one of the review mention the carpet pro series . it be supposedly make by the same folk as simplicity and ricarr . i have access to the simplicity upright and love it . after search the internet i find the best deal at allbrand direct . for $ 250 no shipping chg , they include 3 belt , 2 filter ,7 pc accesory set-15ft hose - bare floor , upholstery , ceiling , crevice tool and 2 extension . this be a great deal especially since i have stair to do . as for the unit itself = i buy the cpu-2t - 40ft heavy duty cord and 3 attachment - since i get sloppy and tend to run over the cord once in a while i think it be best to get this model - the 1t model have a light ,30 ft 2prong cord and no attachment . i have several pet - 3 cat and 2 dog and hair hair hair . i purposely leave one of my carpet alone until i get this unit . dont let the 10amp motor turn you off - as soon as i plug this in and turn it on , it practically drag i across the room - its not self propel but the brush be so good it literally will feel like its pull you . basically in 1-2 pass the room be clean in 3 minute app 10x12 . no effort be need to push and pull it . it be 18 lb and i have no problem carry it up the stair where it quickly dispose on loose kitty litter . it also have its own build in resettable fuse if the unit overheat due to clog or full bag . although there be no bad full indicator , from past experience you ; ll know the bag be full when you look at the carpet . i be totally please with this unit . its not overly loud in my opinion . forget all those bargain deal and buy this unit . this might be you last vacuum purchase , even though other unit be 15 inch , you 'll make it up with speed .
125	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this vac last week . i charge it up a couple of time and use it to pick up cat litter , cat hair off a rug\/furniture , people hair , etc. . it work great . it make vacuum fun . i like how the caddy be attach to the vacuum and carry the tool with it .
20	Vacuum	POS	5	very flexible design allow you to get into very tight space . the suction create be outstanding for a 12v . compare to 120v hand held .
174	Vacuum	POS	4	\*\* i be only rating this 4 star for now since i just get it ; will adjust over time if need \*\* after see the copious amount of pine needle my christmas tree shed this year i decide it be time for a new vacuum . we current vacuum have be underperform anyway since we bring home two kitten a few month ago -lrb- bring we total to 2 large dog , and 3 cat -rrb- , so it be time . i have a short list of thing that be non-negotiable : it have to be less than $ 100 ; use a canister instead of a bag , and have a hose attachment . after check several website and read many review i decide on this one . this arrive yesterday , and we assemble quickly and easily . i have not vacuum for a few week , and w \/ 2 dog , 3 cat , and a christmas tree that mean that we carpet be pretty dirty . however , it be not so dirty that vacuum a 6x12 ' area should have fill up the canister , but it do . it be not all pet hair and pine needle ; this be very fine dirt that apparently the vacuum we buy last year -lrb- a eureka -rrb- leave deep down in we carpet . we have to dump the canister -lrb- which be average size -rrb- many time as we vacuum the house , but we carpet look and feel amazing now thanks to the deep cleaning this vacuum give . though the vacuum feel a tad heavy when you be use it the very powerful motor pull you right along and it be not a problem . it store very easily in the broom cupboard , and dump the canister be very easy . the only complaint i have it that the `` turbo brush '' tool be fairly useless on the upholstery we try it on . but that be not why we buy this model , and we will not use it that much anyway , so i be not really count it against this vacuum .
369	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have this for a year and still work great . easy to use around the house and car . hold a charge well . great deal .
72	Vacuum	POS	5	the black and decker 18 volt cordless pivot floor vacuum be a great product . i would rank it 10 star if i could . i have never find a vacuum that work so well on both bare floor and carpet ; plus be able to move around the house freely without nearly trip over a cord be a huge benefit . i would say that it pick up 99 percent of the small particle from the floor , and definitely out perform my more expensive name brand vacuum , especially in term of the bare floor capabilite . this vacuum would work the best for smaller home -lrb- 1400 square foot or less -rrb- or with smaller clean up area . the vacuum have the best charge after several initial use , so do not be disappoint if you do not get as much time as you think you should after the first use . it will get better and stay better ! the price be so good , even if you have multiple floor or a larger house area , you could buy one for each floor ! it be also easy to dump the dirt into the trash basket , and to clean and dry the filter when necessary . i could not be more pleased . may i add that i be clean up after 3 pooch with this vacuum . pet lover will be thrill with the black and decker 's capability !
38	Vacuum	POS	5	as the owner of two cat who love to lounge on the furniture , this vacuum be a must have . if the only thing it do be remove pet hair from upholstered furniture it would be amazing . i use the rubber attachment , run it back and forth over the furniture and voilum ! hair go . it also work great on the stair , so much easier than drag out the big vacuum . it be always ready to go , no cord to bother with and i have no idea how long a charge last , but it still have plenty of power leave after vacuum three room of furniture and two staircase . probably my best purchase all year . ps : i be editing this review because i just finish read some of the other review and do not understand about the complaint of short run time . we do as the instruction say -lrb- 5 time , etc -rrb- and it will last a good 20 minute or so . do i get a different battery ??? seem strange !! it have never run down before i finish . and yes , you do have to clean the filter , but that be require with any vac .
106	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have my hoover portapower vacuum for 30 year now , yes - 30 year ! still work great , but have have to use tape to hold the wand together -lrb- connection finally wear out after 30 year -rrb- ... and have replace the cloth bag two year ago . we use this thing for everything ... from floor , to wall , to car and furniture ... you name , we have use it . my oldest daughter try to take it with she when she get marry last year ... catch she ! this thing be older than she !! she be 24 , my vac be 30 ! it still suck as good as it do the day i buy it 30 year ago ! i be keep my old one for the garage , but its time to get a new one for the house ... i would not waste my hard earn money on any other brand . hoover be the only brand my parent use when i grow up , and that be all i have ever use . they quality speak for themselves . look forward to another great product from hoover . i will not get rid of the old portapower , as it still work well ... just retire it to the garage and bring in a new one for the house !
827	Vacuum	POS	5	we have 4 kid , 2 dog and 2 cat -- this be the absolute best vacuum i have find !! it be amazing , pick up everything , bring the carpet back to look new ! the cord be long and heavy duty , so if you run over it , you be not go to tear it and i do not have to continually unplug and replug every couple of room . the only con i have for it be the hose on the back be very short - so buy the extension ! otherwise , this be a amazing vacuum -lrb- and i have try a lot of they ! -rrb-
590	Vacuum	POS	4	i get this as a replacement for the swivel sweeper , which have a update battery and be thoroughly clean , but still do not work as well as out of the box . this sweeper\/vacuum be sturdier , make quite a bit better , of course . i have 100 % bare floor , with a few throw rug and mud trapper entry rug . what get drug in be mostly sand of various size . i have a cat and dog , both long hair and proficient shedder . the vacuum do well on the sand , except for the large grain and very fine dust . it be death on dust bunny and hair , human and animal . it do not have edge cleaner , regardless of what the description say , so if there be something along a wall , you be go to have to go at it straight on , with the vacuum head perpendicular to the wall . other than extremely low pile rug , this vacuum will not clean much of anything in the rug department . the design problem : it fold in half to sit in its charge station , which although awkward , be ok . that same function , fold in the opposite direction , allow you to get under most of the furniture without have to bend over , about 2 ft. in reach . that be a very nice feature . the latch be pretty easy to do on the fly . whoever think of the canister and filter design need to have they head examine . it be a serious pita to dump the debris . most vacuum that be bagless have a whole canister that come out of the main machine . this one do not , so you have to hang onto it while you turn in on the side to dump it . two of the filter come out , but put they back in , you be never sure if you have they seat tight . i also start it up outside the first time after i have dump the debris . otherwise the big cloud of dust it alwsy give off the first time after dump the dirt will make a mess right back in you house . unless you use the vacuum and the sweeper function together , it be not go to pick up anything . make sure the slider switch be all the way to the bottom of its stop , ensure both the sweeper and the vacuum be on . several time i have miss have the slider switch all the way to its stop , and the result be that it spit everything back out . it be not a bad product . it work well for bare floor . it have some design limitation . i wish mechanical engineer and designer would get together with people who actually use these thing on a fairly consistent basis . they might come up with a product that people would beat a path to they door to buy without reservation .
156	Vacuum	POS	5	this work exactly as i hope it would . my cat manage to spread litter all over the place despite my best effort to keep it contain . this vacuum quickly and easily pick it up , be easy to handle and to empty . it be a real life and time saver for i .
501	Vacuum	POS	5	i just buy this vaccuum last week and after several hour of use i be very pleased with it . i have never use a dyson so i can not compare the two . however , unless the dyson miraculously go around clean all by itself while you be at work , i do not know what i be miss out on with this eureka . i spend a couple hour research vaccuum and read review before purchase . the 3 biggest criterion that influence my purchase decision be the ability to do a good job of clean both carpet and hardwood floor , suction power , and price . the 4870 do a great job on my carpeted floor and hardwood . you can disable the roller brush for when you be use the vaccuum on hard flooring . this be a great feature . as i have a lot of hardwood i would not have buy a vaccuum without this feature . read review of other vaccuum , i see that the exhaust blow out the front and scatter the dust bunny that you be try to suck up . i have not have this problem at all with the 4870 . it have great suction power and i like the power paw attachment for clean my sofa . when the handle be in the upright and lock position the vaccuum 's floor brush roller be disabled . this be another nice feature since you do not want the brush run constantly in one spot of you carpet while you be use the handheld hose and attachment . finally , i think it be a great value for a small price -lrb- i pay $ 140 -rrb- and i recommend it !
994	Vacuum	POS	5	this purchase be to replace a previous boss that have provide many year of service and finally wear out . we have a lot of pet in we home , so we vacuum have high demand put upon they . this new boss seem at least as good as , if not superior to , the last one .
17	Vacuum	POS	4	i have have this vacuum for almost a month and i can say i do not have a real complaint about it . it make it through the holiday season pick up everything in its path , from pine needle , screw , holly berry , food , confetti , and the such . the color scheme may not be the best , the aqua blue seem a little dated , and it have some bulk to it , but not much . it fit my need and i be happy with it .
263	Vacuum	POS	4	the eureka 4870mz really suck ! now , that be not a unkind remark when refer to a vacuum cleaner , right ? i have use my new eureka only 3 time since purchase it , so have no long-run experience with it . my last vacuum be a cheaper eureka model from 1990 , and it work fine except for plastic part that break and attachment that be annoy to put in place , so i rarely use they . the eureka 4870mz carry all of its attachment that can be use easily , but the vacuum be heavy and not as easy to handle around furniture in a small apartment . it be a strong performer ; however , i question how durable it will be -- especially the plastic part that seem to be fragile . time will tell . suction be very powerful and it be not too noisy . so , i would recommend the eureka 4870mz even though my experience with it be very limited . -lrb- ... -rrb- so , the vacuum arrive ok as do a extra belt and extra vacuum cleaner bag which all come from different place , but arrive when promise . amazon get very high mark for good pricing , a excellent website for order , and deliver the goods on time . the eureka suck , but amazon do not !
845	Vacuum	POS	5	i be really impressed so far . the machine be so quiet and powerful , seem to have even more suction than my industrial vacuum in the garage . it seem well construct of good quality material . compare to my other vaccuum -lrb- bissell upright -rrb- it be a mercedes . i be always a bit concerned about longevity on import product but so far not a single issue -lrb- few month own -rrb- . hopefully the bag be not prohibitively expensive cause they be also very well craft with a look of high cost . the new machine come with two of they . the unit work seemlessly on a multitude of surface . the ability to shut off the brush roll be wonderful for delicate rug . the innovative swivel neck be something all vacuum of this size should have .
753	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum just about perfectly fit the need for my car . it be small , power by a outlet -lrb- not battery -rrb- , have a bag and get most spot really well in my car . the only downside and the reason for a 4\/5 star rating be the limited suction and difficulty get the hard to reach area like at the base of the seat . it may take a little longer but i can get the same quality cleaning without pay $ 1 at a car wash . i also do not have to drag a vacuum and extension coord out of the house . i recommend it !
975	Vacuum	POS	5	i just get a new car and i be a ocd clean freak etc. . it do a excellent job cleaning my car . this mini vacuum be the perfect size and very powerful . i have not find any con .
713	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this a couple month ago and it work perfectly . before this we have a cheap bag less vacuum from walmart . i hate it . this bagged vacuum be much better . seem to pick up everything i vacuum over . and i love the bare floor option . i do not think i would use it but we have a cat little box on tile and this vacuum work like a charm . i do not have to get the broom and dustpan out each time now . i just run the vacuum over it and it pick it all up ! it seem to be a little heavier but i do not mind that at all , if anything it just feel solid . i love it and i would recommend it to anyone look for a new vacuum cleaner .
36	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this about a month ago with the same intention as other who say they have a bagless and want to go back because of how gross and messy bagless vacuum be . i read review and this be rate as the highest bagged vacuum for performance , noise , etc. . i have never have anything but a cheap vacuum in the past , so my review should have that caveat . however , this vacuum be awesome ! it be far less noisy than so many other vacuum i have have and the suction be amazing . i read where other say it pick up the carpet pile , but it truly do ! my carpet have not look this good except when it be first install . and i feel like it be really clean . also , the apolestry -lrb- not spell right -rrb- attachment be awesome . in fact , i have to use that for small area rug because the vacuum be too strong for those . i be super satisfied with this vacuum , and fyi it be now $ 20 cheaper on amazon than when i buy it with no shipping-fantastic ! the only negative to this be what other have say - the hose be short ; i wish it be longer . and it be heavy - so go up and down stair could be tough for some ; but those be really my only complaint .
929	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this vacuum yesterday at target . my old oreck be not do the job and i be sorry i ever buy that thing in the first place . but , this bissell really do do the job . i be dumbfounded when i see all the hair and dust in the container . i have a cat and a dog and i think i be keep up with the hair . be i ever wrong ! i feel so much better know how much cleaner my house be . the little turbobrush thingy work great on the upholstery . i do the upholstery and the pet bed with it . for the price i do not think you can go wrong with this machine . i only give it 4 star because i have only have it a day and i think the hose could be a little longer . even so , i be think of get another one for the downstairs . i recommend buy this machine .
243	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a major upgrade from my 20 year old oreck xl . every time i vacuum , i hear thing come up out of the carpet that have probably be there for year , even after a few pass . it be easy to move , despite its weight , and i no longer have to get on my knee to get the edge . i also have 2 cat , a dog , and 2 rabbit , and it handle all the hair\/hay\/bedding \/ litter with ease ! the only drawback be how heavy it be -- i would not want to carry it up and down stair .
30	Vacuum	POS	4	great vacume for the price . quick delivery . it be a bit heavy to lift , but overall - great product !
930	Vacuum	POS	4	i want to find a vacuum that could pick up all my hair . i go on amazon to check review of vacuum that could pick up hair without get stick in the brush of the vacuum . this be one of 3 vacuum and i decide to buy this one . i see that this be a great deal only $ 69.00 for a bagless vacuum with good review -lrb- i usually pick the cheaper vacuum but decide why not try this since review be good -rrb- . when i clean my apartment , i be amaze at how it pick up all the dirt and hair from my carpet . i would recommend this vacuum to anyone .
417	Vacuum	POS	4	great value . they fit fine in my orion model vacuum . iwould definitely recommend they . so far so good . excellent price from amazon .
768	Vacuum	POS	4	we remodel we home this summer , replace the 20-year old carpet with solid hardwood throughout . i buy a hoover cyclonic upright , but while it be a good vacuum , it be not very handy at pick up the dustball and dog hair along the baseboard and under furniture . my spousal unit -lrb- s.u. -rrb- be not happy , which be a situation i try to avoid at all cost ... so i look for a low-cost supplemental vacuum . i get s.u. 's tentative approval to give the hoover commercial portapower vacuum cleaner a tryout . it arrive in a record 4 day 's time , and we have just now try it out . this be a superb appliance for we housecleaning mission ! it be indeed lightweight , with all need attachment , and a nice , long power cord . everything connect intuitively , with strong and secure connection . for we geezer , this hoover model use the same kind of connector that hoover model have employ since the 1950s , which really suit my retrophile s.u. best feature ? metal extension wands\/tubes . they do not telescope , so when we be suck up rogue dustbunny from under the bed , we have a kareem abdul-jabbar-like reach ... very nice ! the suction be not overwhelming , but it be more than adequate for we need . one small negative : the s.u. be not use to have equipment sling from a shoulder strap , so she be bang it into wall and doorway . -lrb- of course , this may have be she clever way of get i to take over the role of portapower operator , but i be cool with that . -rrb- oh , and i have to really concentrate so as not to refer to we new vacuum as the `` hoover porta-pottie '' we highly recommend this vacuum for folk with hardwood or vinyl floor , especially if you live in a relatively small home . i expect it to perform well when vacuum out we vehicle , but i save that bit of excitement for new year 's day !
105	Vacuum	POS	4	this be a great vacuum as far as suction go . more power than anything we have ever own . it have a couple of drawback , but i suppose they be worth it ... it be very heavy ... the cord do not retract automatically -lrb- wish they would add this feature ! -rrb- ... and it be loud . that say , it work very well . i can not believe how much stuff it suck out of we carpet . we have two cat and a dog ... work great on pet hair too .
310	Vacuum	POS	5	i be very happy with how it work . in the past when i have a eureka and a bissell , i test vacuum by vacuum the first time , then a second to see how much it actually pick up . the perform the same test a week later or so . i like that the receptacle have a lot of of hair and dirt to empty out on the bissell and that when i vacumm again it be almost none to empty out . now a day i vacuum a couple of time a week because i have a lab that shed he size every couple of day ! basically , i be very happy with this vacuum : -rrb-
375	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this vacuum at least one year ago and it still work well . for the money , it be a good value . two negative : heavy , especially when carry up stair ; and the bare floor\/rug switch be difficult to switch without a struggle . no big deal , though . i be pleased with this purchase .
725	Vacuum	POS	5	i be seek a vacuum that be affordable and would be able to pick up pet hair . i need a bagless because of the amount my dog shed & bag would not be reasonable . i get exactly what i want . the bissell cleanview helix upright vacuum cleaner , bagless , 82h1 do the trick . it be lightweight , have all sort of attachment and be easy to use . i be happy with this product !
278	Vacuum	POS	4	we have be very happy with the use of this product so far . my mom have one and have have some trouble with belt but we have not have any problem yet .
506	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have this vacuum for several month now and i love it ! the first time i use it i be horrify at the amount of stuff i could hear come out of my carpet . i love that i could actually hear it because it be such a quiet vacuum compare to most other -lrb- it be the quietest i have ever have -rrb- . in 10 year this be my fourth vacuum and i be in love with it . it be perhaps heavier than some but it be so easy to manuveur that i do not notice it be weight . the suction be wonderful and it do well on tile too which surprise i . some vacuum just blow the dirt around but not this one . the extension wand look like it would not reach far but it stretch to be very long . i can easily leave it at the bottom of we stair and reach up 8 stair or more . i would certainly recommend this vacuum .
407	Vacuum	POS	4	the shipping be excellent and the vacuum be easy to assemble . it seem to work great and almost take off without i . it be a little heavy but it give i more of a work out right ?
842	Vacuum	POS	5	i have fibromyalgia and have be look for a light weight cordless vacuum . this hold the charge long enough to do my whole house . i have 3 dog and it handle the dog hair , too ! someone write that it be difficult to empty , but i have no problem do that at all . i now have 4 other cordless vacuum wait to go in my yard sale ! this one be great !
637	Vacuum	POS	4	the vacuum do exactly what i want it to do . it be portable , and the hose feature be perfect for i . however , the vacuum be a bit noisey . other than the noise , i really like the product a lot . i would recommend it to anyone that be not concern about the noise .
621	Vacuum	POS	5	powerful cleaning action . strong vacuum suction , rotate brush be very effective . couple with hepa -lrb- type a -rrb- bag from riccar , the unit really help to capture dust . carpet be visibly cleaner . brush action help to pull the unit forward on carpet . unit do a good job pick up against baseboard . pick up everything in its way . no frill that be really unneeded for my application -- cleaning carpet . 40 ' cord be helpful in long hallway and big room . compare very well against unit that cost over twice as much . i use this one in a commercial application , and will probably buy the permutation with the headlight and 30 ' cord for home .
361	Vacuum	POS	4	the hose on we old canister vacuum wear out - naturally since you drag it around by the hose . we price a new hose only and find it would be more than this whole new vacuum . decide to give it a try . only negative be the cord storage - which be hardly a big deal . the power be good .
658	Vacuum	POS	5	got this item recently , finally get to use it in earnest and it rule . do we bedroom today and get rid of dust and fuzz i could not believe be there -- the power paw accessory be excellent . it be get a spin brush head which be like a mini vacuum cleaner on a extension handle so you can get everything under you very awkward to move bed without have to move it . it be also the most powerful vacuum cleaner i have ever use . highly recommend .  eureka 4870mz boss smart-vac upright hepa vacuum cleaner
99	Vacuum	POS	4	i be happy with the oreck xl - it be lightweight and suck up all the dirt ... my only complaint be that when you pull the vacuum back toward you , the wheel make a very unpleasant sound . maybe this will stop when the vacuum be `` break in '' but right now it be quite annoying .
168	Vacuum	POS	5	performance , performance , performance . you will never be at a loss for suction with this vac . the floor and hose setting perform stellar . the strong agitator -lrb- very easy to adjust height -rrb- will clean the carpet in one pass . perform great 2 year later . pro - strong suction on floor and hose setting . even when bag start to get full . - easy to switch between floor and hose . - great hepa filter . last a year . the generic one i buy make the air smell really fresh . - you can not beat the price ! con - hose could be longer . not good for clean ceiling cobweb . get a swiffer . - heavier than most vac . not a good gift for grandma . - louder than most vac . mack 's ear seal . - powerpaw attachment do not work well . who care ? - weird thing : vac start make high pitched squeal one day . a small hole on the back , where the cord be , be let air through . not sure if i knock a cover off ? one piece of duct tape solve that problem . works great !!!
330	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the second one i buy . it come with a nice array of attachment . it be power be higher than most wire auto vac 's and it do not rely on battery that fail you in the middle of a job . this be a simple , but higly functional product you will enjoy .
992	Vacuum	POS	4	pro : the vacuum cleaner have very good suction and be easy to handle . the transition from carpet to bare floor be very easy . i be very happy with the unit . con : the packaging be not as good as it should be . the foam inside the box be break and it take hour to clean the floor of foam particle .
171	Vacuum	POS	5	not the most powerful vacuum but it do get dog hair off the floor . not mean to replace you regular vacuum . i like mine .
294	Vacuum	POS	4	we purchase this vacuum a few month ago to replace a canister style kenmore which serve we well for 8 year . i love the small size and lightweight nature of this machine . it have a strong suction and be quite powerful for its size . my 9 yr old buzz the kitchen - bit of food , dog hair , dirt - easily and efficiently with the wand in one hand and the shoulder strap over she shoulder . make the strap convertible to a backpack option -lrb- i do not like to walk with the strap across the other shoulder -rrb- and i would give it 5 star . it do well on both carpet and hardwood - we have tile , wood , and some area rug with not very deep pile .
427	Vacuum	POS	5	the b&d; pav1200w work better than i anticipate . it have very good power for get all size of particle out of the carpet . the telescope built-in extension nozzle reach into the hard to access place , like under the pedal and the outer side of front seat . the extra long power cable be also a nice feature .
421	Vacuum	POS	4	like the name say usb minus vacuum the vacuum good 4 pick up really really fine thing it do no have a lot of suction  cablestobuy ' black usb powered mini vacuum cleaner
841	Vacuum	POS	5	after decade of keep house and purchase vacuum cleaner , i think i have find one that be almost ideal . i have have the hoover portapower for a couple of week and be well satisfy with its convenience and power . i use it almost daily to clean up after a retired husband , two cat and a dog . for year i have buy small canister vacuum for the non-carpeted room of we house because they be lightweight , and for year i have struggle with wand that fall apart while i be vacuum , short cord , machine that topple over when pull and\/or skin the paint off the woodwork , miniscule bag , low suction , cheap attachments,mega-decibel motor and motor that just plain quit . -lrb- maybe i be lucky these thing do not happen all at the same time ! -rrb- so far , this little hoover have not exhibit any of these shortcoming . the price be moderate , and delivery be super fast -lrb- three day and i have my vacuum -rrb- . i love the extra-long cord . the only drawback i find with the hoover portapower be not its fault : i have small hand -lrb- ring size 5 -rrb- , and i find the hand grip a little too large to be really comfortable for i . otherwise , i be happy to give this vacuum 5 star . -lrb- by the way , i have just order one for my son . -rrb-
862	Vacuum	POS	4	i be a little confused about how to operate it and put it together . slide handle on and use 3 screw with large phillip screwdriver . take a little elbow grease lady . yellow `` floor\/carpet '' switch on lower part of vacuum have a trick . you must release the foot latch from the upright position to drop the handle to a vacuum position . then you push the yellow button with both finger until you hear it click -lrb- twice ? -rrb- when you return the vacuum to a upright position the yellow switch flop around again but you have set it so do not worry about it . it be ok . if you have set it to `` carpet '' then turn the large yellow dial on top to `` floor '' . now you be ready to vacuum the carpet . the foot release latch to lower the handle be also different . must keep foot to the outside of this latch to press down . do not release if you step straight down . release to the left and down . out and down . i have have several eureka over the year . they have all last a long time . this new one be a little busy on the dial and release . . more to do . two tricky latch . i try to peek in at the front filter and could not do the latch . will deal with it later when it need to be change . another tricky latch ? basically i call the 800 number for eureka customer service and press 7 . a customer service lady be very polite and explain everything or else i would have think it be break upon delivery . i will call she again to find out the trick to open the filter area . do not force the plastic button . they be only plastic . this vacuum have a forward power drive , power paw , and all the attachment , long cord and ample hose stretch . when the vacuum be upright the carpet roller brush stop and you can turn the big yellow dial to `` hose '' and use the attachment for any corner or quickie floor job in tight area . do a great job on the carpet , pull the nap up , great suction . it be a 25 lb . vac , a bit heavy , but very good quality . seem sturdy . must have a heavy motor . the attachment stay in they proper place accord to the instruction book placement . the customer serivce rep answer all my question include a local warranty service center for my new vacuum and what the warranty cover . the red color be very pretty . i find the noise level be not as quiet as some but not annoying either . hope this be helpful . pfw
859	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this vacuum about 6 month ago and it have be a life saver . i have a dog and a cat , both shed like crazy . after use this vacuum almost 100 % of the hair be remove . the smaller brush work great on stair , and make it a lot easier to clean hair off furniture as well . my dog drag a bunch of mud into the house , after the mud dry we use the vacuum to suck it out and now it look like nothing happen . even if this vacuum break after a year it be still worth buying . i like that it use the bag because its easier to clean up and no dust ! truly a great vacuum , and i would recommend it to anyone with little or large mess .
671	Vacuum	POS	5	before i go any further , if you be consider buy this vacuum , do it ! it be a powerhouse , it have a ton of attachment that will impress you -lrb- like a mini bristle-rotating turbo brush that will be great for stair , rug , etc -rrb- , and it be light weight will encourage you to use it everywhere . also , i love that it be bagless , and that i can see right through to how much shmutz i have collect . it give you a sense of accomplishment ; -rrb- the only downside be that be consume a lot of power . which produce a lot of heat . i do not recommend use it while wear a jacket , because you 'll roast . also , i have blow fuse and have to run to the garage more than once , but that be the price you pay for such a powerful product .
931	Vacuum	POS	5	i be very pleased with this vacuum cleaner . this be actually my second purchase of the same product because i want to keep one on each floor of the house . it be heavy to lug up and down the stair , but it do a great job clean the rug . the hose accessory be great for the stair . i be able to get alot of use out of this product . the first one i buy about 3 or 4 year ago and it be still run great . i have replace the belt , etc. as recommend in the owner manual , but other than maintenance on it , it run fine . i have not have any problem with it .
115	Vacuum	POS	5	because if you dont ... these bag will ! work just like the original at a amazing price ! have be buy for year and no complaint yet !
980	Vacuum	POS	5	i waste my money six month ago on a hoover tempo . it have be recommend by consumer report which i be now start to suspect of be highly bias towards certain brand ... since that hoover tempo be a piece of junk . i use it 20 time and the thing break and become completely un-usable . i do not even want to bother with the warranty . i be never go to consider hoover for anything . i have fear before get it due to some mixed feedback include some that be poor -lrb- how can this be a cr recommend product ... -rrb- . it be in-expensive so that make i try it out . pure garbage . i decide to check out miele since my mother in-law have highly recommend it . i check product review and they be great -lrb- aside from the high price tag -rrb- . this product be actually design to last 15 year . i bet it will be the last vaccum i `` ll ever have to buy . this product be heavy , it be build solid . if you need to do a lot of cleaning in stair and you be not a strong person this may not be so appropriate . but for bare floor to carpet , this be unbelievable . i be so glad i get this . it also do not take i much time to clean up . it suck dirt so efficiently and quietly , it be amazing . filter may be expensive but who care , this make you house smell nice , very clean and quickly . get the cheaper blue model . who care about how it look ; it be in the closet most of the time . i be not go to be pose for gq while i vaccum . i give my highest rating to this product .
322	Vacuum	POS	4	i have have this vacuum for about a year now , replace my bag 12 amp dirt devil when it die , slay by my long hair . i shed quite a bit , and the poor dirt devil 's motor and brush be no match for my hair 's ability to clog the brush and muck up the work . enter the bissell cleanview helix . it do a great job , and between two filter and the main debris canister , get a ton of stuff . i love the on-board attachment -- they all work well -- and the ability to adjust the main vacuum brush to the floor surface -lrb- it have about five setting depend on how high you carpet nap be , include a bare floor setting , perfect for my 6 square foot of kitchen tile . clean the top filter be super-simple and can be do in less than a minute , but the bottom one take a bit more work -- all of five minute . oh , life be hard . minus one star for the allergy-triggering that happen when i empty & clean the vac filter .
242	Vacuum	POS	5	black & decker psv1800 18-volt cordless pivoting floor vacuum cleaner  i have have several cordless vac and this be the best one i have buy . good suction , easy to empty out , can easilly switch from hardwood floor to carpeting . i have a black carpeting under the kitchen table , it do as well as my heavy cannister vacuum cleaner !
623	Vacuum	POS	5	i have own other cordless vac and this be the best yet ! perfect for remove pet hair from furniture , clean window blind , and effortless clean-up in the car ! would highly recommend , battery life be much better than other , the tool with this vac be really useful and especially like the flexible hose .
237	Vacuum	POS	5	this have make vacuum the house , and do it a bit here and a bit there before it get out of hand , so much easier . it be equivalent to grab a broom and sweeping , but you do not have to fool with the dust pan . throw rug and floor , no problem ! if you want to vacuum for long period of time , this be not for you -- seem to work at full power for about 10 minute . really easy to dump out the dirt . i use the roller bar all the time , even on linoleum , as it do not work nearly as well without it . i be get rid of my full size vacuum and will never go back to have one .
531	Vacuum	POS	5	i use it constantly several time a day . love the easiness with the flip thingy on the top . it secure firmly and doesnt releease unless you move the button . i empty it every time and it do not blow cat hair out of it when it be on . it be a huge imporvement from the last thing we use . easy to mount on the wall and pull\/out on\/off .
236	Vacuum	POS	5	i be delighted with this vacuum . almost embarrass on how much dirt it get each time . the first use i have to clean the vacuum after only do two room , no dog or cat , and just recently vacuum by a panasonic canister . we also take we shoe off in the house . i be be very impressed with the sequential filter they have in this vacuum - at least 5 before the motor and then two on the output include the hepa filter . while messy to clean , all of the filter and canister easily come off the vacuum , well design in this aspect . i find that i need to clean after every use that cover about 1,000 sq. ft of floor . it be very good at pick up yarn - my wife be a knitter and the little slub be a pain to get with the panasonic canister i have . have to scrape away to get - now everything get take by this vacuum . the only complaint i have it that the suction around the edge and side be not great so i have to use the attachment to do the corner and edge near the chair and couch that be too close to the floor to allow it access . the rotate beater brush almost give it a self propel feature . very good on short carpet , like to grab the fringe on throw rug , sort of like try to take a bone away from a dog . bottom line , totally happy with it after a few month of use . the noise be even reasonable . only downside be that wife be too smart to be around when it need cleaning . ymmv on this aspect ...
561	Vacuum	POS	5	great vacuum ! great suction power ! after replace my old and brand new eureka from walmart , finally i be happy and satisfied with my choice . can do great job . price be little bit high but i hope it will run for atleast 5-10 year .
570	Vacuum	POS	5	roombas always seem like a idea whose time have come -- but the actual product be not quite there . last month i decide that i be ready and buy the 564 pet series . we household consist of two cavalier king charles spaniels -lrb- mad shedder -rrb- , one short-haired cat , and two untidy people . i schedule the roomba to run every night at 11:00 p.m. , after we have go to bed upstairs . we do not hear it all . the area it cover include the living room , dining room , and kitchen . and every morning i empty a nearly full container -- hair & crumbs & mystery dirt . i be more than pleased at the roomba 's performance . it be only get stick once in a collection of cable that i have since block off . i be quite happy with the purchase . as long as it keep pick up stuff i really do not know be there , i be delighted . and i be very fussy about floor . the dog do not care a whit about the machine . the cat initially look at i with a `` what fresh hell be this '' look -- but she always do that . she just give it a wide berth now .
194	Vacuum	POS	4	pro : good suction , light weight , convenient con short run time -lrb- as advertise -rrb- , clumsy to empty great for a small apartment
803	Vacuum	POS	5	it have excellent suction , easy to take apart\/put back together , easy access to dirt cup , everything do what it be suppose to do .
644	Vacuum	POS	4	just get this vacuum recently , and i must say i be already impress by it . i have a blue rug that have be collect dust and pet hair for two year . i have vacuum it with two separate vacuum -lrb- belong to roommate -rrb- and neither could get everything off . rather , it take about a hour of back-and-forthing till it look slightly cleaner . with this vacuum , it take about five minute -lrb- maybe even less ! -rrb- and it be back to its original dark-blue glory . also , i be please to see it be not picky about what it pick up , like some vacuum be . wrapper , rubber band , bit of paper , leave , they all get suck right up in one go . the feature i really like be the dial on front that allow you to set what height of carpet you be clean . make i feel confident that it be really get all that debris out of my floor . i will say this though . this vacuum let you know it be work hard . it be very loud . like , small airport loud . pretty sure my ear be ring a bit after i clean my hallway . but it be worth buying , i think , particularly if you be a pet owner .
21	Vacuum	POS	4	the hose be pretty short and i always tip over the vac when get corner or window . it be on the loud side too . otherwise great and the heap filter be a must for kid and city with lead paint !!
548	Vacuum	POS	5	i have be look for a vacumn cleaner for year that work well on hardwood floor , and do not leave my back in agony for several day afterwards . i have a home with about 3,000 . square foot and dreaded each time i have to undertake this project because i know the outcome . this vacumn be a answer prayer . it have eliminate the pain and i could not be more pleased . the canister that you wear on you back do have some weight to it , but it counterbalance the weight i carry and actually make my back feel better . the long metal vacumn hose be long enough and its design prevent i from have to bend over while i be cleaning . i be 5feet 6 inch tall , and it be perfect for i . the extra-long cord make it possible to cover the entire house without have to keep move the plug from one outlet to another . i be so glad i spend the money and buy this vacumn for myself .
426	Vacuum	POS	4	have have this vacuum for about 2 month after study the review both on here and another consumer site it perform as review . vacuum be heavy but it do clean very well , include pick up dog\/cat hair .
522	Vacuum	POS	5	i have own the 12 v. model for a couple of year and be well satisfy with performance . this newer 18v . machine be definitely more powerful , vacuum much longer on a charge , and have a number of design improvement such as the ability to fold up and to reach under low furniture . the only limitation i have note be the initial difficulty of take out the filter for cleaning . i have to return to the manual a few time before i remember how to do this . the operation be , however , quite simple and the filter be efficient . a worthwhile upgrade to a handy tool for floor and light carpet cleaning .
597	Vacuum	POS	4	i like to use my black & decker fhv1200 flex vac cordless ultra-compact vacuum cleaner -lrb- if i can be say to like to clean -rrb- . but there be definite pro and con . there be thing about it that i really like : it truly be compact , measure about 12 x 6 x10 . and it be light enough to handle easily . it be cordless , which be a big advantage in clean hard to reach place . and the high-performance motor provide great suction . it come with a 4-foot flexible hose , long crevice tool , nozzle\/brush tool , and pet-hair cleaning tool which increase its scope . and the filter be dishwasher-safe . the major downside be the performance time - about five minute . it be long enough to clean the car or swipe up kitty litter or even clean pet hair off the sofa , but it be not long enough for real cleaning . clean the dirt reservoir can be a bit dicey -lrb- but this to i be the major disadvantage of all bag-less vacuum -rrb- . and i be not a fan of the attachment storage caddy . so , if you have a ` real ' vacuum and be look for a little guy for quick or hard to reach job , this may be you baby . be it worth the $ $ $ $ ? it be well make and work well , but it be performance time be short .
350	Vacuum	POS	5	i be very happy with this product . great suction and easy to operate and empty .
864	Vacuum	POS	5	we just buy this to replace the same model we have have for six and a half year . it be still work , but not with as much gumption , so it be be retire to the basement . my husband do the vacuuming , and he say `` get another one just like this '' , so we do .
762	Vacuum	POS	5	i use it on all flooring surface in my home . buy it to replace a dirt devil cordless vacuum , this be by far a better vac .
303	Vacuum	POS	4	this be a well design , powerful , medium-to-lightweight , versatile backpack vacuum , as other reviewer have say . i have be use it for a little over a year and would purchase one again . some important caveat : first , the hoover dust brush that come with my vacuum be poorly design and poor quality . the plastic bristle immediately collapse inward block most of the suction . i buy a kirby real-bristle dust brush -lrb- $ 10 -rrb- , which fit right on the hose and work very well . also , the combination floor tool that come with my vacuum be great for carpet , but i want a real floor brush to use on hardwood floor . when i contact hoover , i be tell that the optional floor brush picture in my manual be no longer available . i buy a kirby floor brush -lrb- $ 25 -rrb- that fit snugly and work perfectly , protect my wood floor . finally , the hoover or royal bp paper bag be outrageously flimsy & overpriced -lrb- 7 for about $ 10 -rrb- . despite frequent bag change involve normal interior dust and dirt , nearly every bag i use split or tear , usually at the glue seam . this result in a filthy hypercone filter and a filthy , time-consuming cleanup job every time i change bag . over time , the dirt enter the inner chamber may also threaten the longevity of the vacuum motor . shame on hoover ; do not they test they bag ? anyway , to address this issue , you can double up on the paper bag , or use both a paper bag and the include cloth dust bag , with the paper bag over & inside of the cloth bag . i have try both option . so far , both option have prevent the inside paper bag from splitting w\/o seriously soil the second paper bag or the cloth bag -- or allow dirt to enter the interior chamber . judge from the sound of the vacuum , it do not seem to be strain or work harder with two bag , as long as i regularly replace the inside paper bag when it be dirty . with the paper bag inside the cloth bag , the cloth bag stay pretty clean and just need a shake or two when i change bag . with two paper bag , the outside bag remain clean enough that i use it again when i change bag .
14	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum replace a older sanyo vacuum that be wear out . we buy the sanyo from a local vacuum dealer , but we decide not to visit he when we need a replacement since he be difficult to deal with and charge too much . the carpet pro cpu 2t look a lot like the sanyo and have good review , so i buy it . upon its arrival , i be amaze at the similarity between the carpet pro and the sanyo . it use the same bag -lrb- panasonic type `` u-3 '' -rrb- and the same belt as well , so we be able to continue use the spare bag & belt from we sanyo . the cpu 2t do not have a light , but that be just as well , since the light on the sanyo be not very helpful and tend to burn out frequently . physically , the cpu 2t look just like the sanyo , disassemble like the sanyo , and sound just like the sanyo . since the sanyo vacuum be a excellent performer , i be not surprise by the carpet pro 's excellent performance . the accessory port \/ clean-out port on the back of the carpet pro be a bit different and require a bit of attention before vacuum -lrb- need to be sure it be not accidentally leave open -rrb- , but it be a improvement on the sanyo and just part of get a new vacuum . the cpu 2t be easy to use and be quite effective on carpet & rug . it be a powerful vacuum , and it have a long cord that allow i to vacuum several room without change outlet . the hose bracket on the back be a effective handle for carry the vacuum around , and the weight be low enough to allow my preteen kid to carry the vacuum around the house -lrb- include up and down stair -rrb- for cleanup . my old sanyo vacuum serve i well for nearly a decade , and i expect the carpet pro will do the same . i look at and test all kind of different vacuum before go with the carpet pro . dyson get good review , but i feel like i be vacuum with a large -lrb- expensive -rrb- toy . many of the other i try feel flimsy or look easy to break . some weigh too much , and some have too many gadget . i want a straightforward , effective , everyday vacuum cleaner for carpet and rug . the carpet pro fit the bill and do not cost a mint . i be happy with it .
685	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacumn be simply awesome . it beat the `` other '' manufacturer by mile . much easier to use ; so much so that it be hard to adjust . one little button should not be so hard but its the transition to easy that make it difficult . i love the way it turn and get into place that be so hard to maneuver with the `` other '' manufacturer . the best part of the miele be that when i finish vacuum my carpet look like a professional crew come in and vacuum my house . i love it . the price be a bit much but i 'll be back review in 3 year and let you know how it stand up and if it warrant the price . my gut be it will survive the beating of my household beautifully . p.s. i see this vacuum retail for $ 300 more in a catalog -lrb- initial w -rrb- that pride itself on brand and reputation . amazon be the place to buy this , hand down .
890	Vacuum	POS	5	i have to wonder if the people that complain about the battery life either do not read the instruction -lrb- charge at least 24 hour before first use -rrb- or if they be just stupid and expect too much out of a battery operate vacuum cleaner ... i have be use my flex vac fo a while now and have consistantly get 20 - 25 minate of run time .
0	Vacuum	POS	4	this feel really substantial , unlike many other cordless portable vac . have very good suction and be easy to maneuver around , though it be a bit heavy . the ability to fold it and store it in the charge cradle be also a plus . the only drawback be the cleaning . it be awkward to turn on its side and you really have to remove the two filter element to clean it out properly . not a game breaker but a nuisance .
55	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this product !!! i have have other vacuum cleaner by other maker and this be by far the best . it leave my carpet look new everytime i use it . my 17 year old son use it and be very impressed . i have read about the difficulty with the little yellow switch to change from carpet to floor so it be not a big surprise when the time come to use it . the only negative thing be that the machine be heavy and i have a hard time carry it up and down the stair . but over all , it be a great buy .
235	Vacuum	POS	5	i have always be a hoover vacuum buyer , so when my old faithful hoover could not preform anymore , i buy another only bagless . big mistake as far as i be concern . i hate that vacuum and within six month be look for another . a friend have this eureka and i be very impressed with it , so i buy one too . this vacuum be wonderful on all type of floor -lrb- carpet or bare -rrb- and the power attachment be a wonder as well . i have 2 cat and a dog and i also have no hair on the furniture or floor after use this machine . great buy for the money . it be ship promptly and arrive before the date that be give . very quick delivery and very easdy to assemble . i plug it in the day of arrival and have be so pleased with the result .
52	Vacuum	POS	5	i have always purchase bagless dyson vacuum but they always lose suction . this eureka have be great and seem to be able to keep suction . i have kid so there be always a mess . i be also impress with how it be able to pick up dirt that be along the baseboard . i always have to get out the crevice tool with my other vacuum .
351	Vacuum	POS	4	i grow up with bag vacuum and always think it be a hassle to have to change the bag , not to mention the add cost of buy they too . so when i move out i buy one bagless vacuum after another . these be not cheap one either , they be all pricey one with good review , yet the best of they only last less than a few year . i live with a dog , so dog hair have always be the culprit . all of the bagless vacuum would routinely get clog up , force i to take they almost completely apart to clean . that be more time consuming than change a bag and have to be do far more frequently . now on to the carpet pro cpu 2t . i have own this vacuum for almost a year now and it be still go strong . the bag for it be reasonably price , it still have wonderful suction , the length of the cord be very helpful , and it be cheaper than some of the bagless vacuum that i have purchase in the past . there be a couple thing though that do prevent i from give it 5 star . the hook to hold the cord be too close together . that , combine with the extra long cord , mean that you have to wrap the cord around the hook more time than you would if they have place the hook further apart . the other thing that i have problem with be the tool . they seem more like a afterthought than anything else . they be not long enough and when i first get the vacuum i find myself have to hold the vacuum up with one hand in order to reach thing that be eye level with i . luckily i still have the attachment from my other vacuum and i find a couple of tube extension that i be able to use with this set .
319	Vacuum	POS	4	decent replacement bag and i have use many of these with no problem . i would have rate they at 5 star but they do have one small glitch . i believe these be originally design for older bosch model with a elongate container\/bag compartment . the current model bag compartment be wider than long so that be the glitch . the bosch bag be design for this and if you be look for a better fit , then i would choose that route . but for the price , these be a great alternative . in my opinion 20 bag at the same cost as 5 bosch bag be worth it . they do fit fine and might hold a little less due to be lengthwise . instead of just insert the bag , i will open\/fluff it up and then insert it . it take all of about 10 seconds . if you just insert the bag , the bottom fold over and obviously it 'll affect how much it can hold . as a quick comparison bosch bag sit sideways and these sit lengthwise . hope that help .
936	Vacuum	POS	5	my old b&d; stick vac die last year and i do a lot of research on a new one . the psv1800 have excellent suction , great battery life and amazing manuverability . it be easy to empty & clean as well . i can do my whole downstairs : tile & carpet and there be no lack of power . it be a bit heavier than the old one , but the result be worth it . i could not be happier !
520	Vacuum	POS	5	i research for about a month before buy this vacuum . i be look for a vacuum with a hepa filter system and that be not bagless . i consider buy a oreck but really want to handheld attachment . i decide to buy this eureka 4870mz vacuum after read all the good review about it . i just get it today and could not wait to try it out . i have to do some minor assembly but nothing difficult . the people who be write about the hose not stay on and no place to put the power paw attachment must not have read the `` quick start '' instruction when they pull it out of the box . it be pretty simple to put together and no problem with the hose fall off and the power paw come with a clear plastic attachment that click into the handle of the vacuum . i have to tell you that i like this vacuum right away . i love love the hand attachment with the brush ! unbelievable ... it make quick work of clean a chair that my cat love and constant cover with thick gray hair . this would normally take i several minute to clean with my dyson 's attachment . the power be excellent and it definitely make my carpet pile look more plush again . you want to make sure you adjust the carpet level to the right height . it be easier to do this when the vacuum be run . it have only be a day but so far i be really glad i buy this vacuum . it be a good value for the price . yes the plastic part feel a little cheap but what do you want for $ 150 !!
385	Vacuum	POS	5	do not give it a second thought -- if you want a fabulous hand hold vacuum !!!!! this be the ticket-it 's great-my kid want to take it from i , so i 'll have to order two more - it be so strong , and if you watch the video - you 'll see for yourself . it be light and work really great ------ amazon.com obviously do alot of research on the item they sell .
96	Vacuum	POS	5	i have only have the vacuum a month , and so far so good . good suction , wand attachment strong and useful with various head option . easy to assemble and ready to go . great on carpet , good on hard wood .
415	Vacuum	POS	5	works great , arrive on time in good condition . do good job on all the dog hair in my apartment .
831	Vacuum	POS	5	my other great machine last 23 year . . this one even seem better . you can not inprove a perfect product . hope hoover never change it . .
348	Vacuum	POS	5	i do not often review something unless i be disappointed with it , so for i to take the time to write a review , something have to be really exceptional . i can not believe how much i love this vacuum . everything about it -- folding design , suction power , length of time it run on a full charge , the way it pick up pet hair in my house , how light and maneuverable it be -- i just do not see how you can improve this thing ! i have have a couple of eureka power stick type thing that be cordless and work okay , but nowhere near the power , durability , and build quality of this . for $ 69 you can not beat the convenience of not have to drag out you main vacuum .
613	Vacuum	POS	4	i have have this vacuum for a month now , and it really seem to do a nice job . my only complaint thus far be it seem like the wheel do not spin particularly well , and it can make it somewhat difficult to maneuver . overall , i have be satisfy with the product .
668	Vacuum	POS	5	the hoover commercial portapower vac : i love this vac . i have shoulder problem and can not push a big vac . the suction on this be fantastic , the industrial cord super long . the reusable bag - very sturdy but the absolute best part be the click in component -lrb- not to downplay the suction -rrb- . the hose stay together . this be replace a hoover windtunnel and a eureka boss upright for attachment cleaning as the hose on the windtunnel be too difficult to extend far and the boss attachment would spring apart with any kind of tension . this be perfect for step , car , the laundry room and ceiling as you simply walk and suction . the one drawback be that i have a favorite horsehair brush attachment that do not fit due to they latch design but they provide more than enough attachment to make up for that . i wish consumer vac could produce such a sturdy hose system .
913	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the ultimate cordless vacuum i have ever own . i use this for the pet hair and also around the woodstove it work great when you have that little spill or need to do a quick job . unbelievable job on pet hair . this little machine have alot of power and be so easy to use and clean . the battery life work great if you follow the direction . i would recommend this product to anyone who be look for a cordless vacuum with alot of power .
620	Vacuum	POS	4	wow -- this dude really can clean ! carpet , rug , bare floor , and anything one would clean with the accessory wand be no match for it . i have another boss that i buy over 12 year ago and be still use it , but when i move into a two story home , i decide i need something on each floor . i read the review , and settle on this new model . i be not at all sorry . as i say , it be a cleaning wizard -- and it be a good value . the only down side be its handling . it be no sport car in this regard . it be heavy and sometimes hard to turn , and the cord -lrb- very long -- a plus -rrb- do not retract . as a 70 year old grandmother , i would prefer a sport car to my sedan , but i do not drive one -- and i do not vacuum with one either . if you be look with great cleaning with good value -- and can live with the awkward handling -- this be a great vacuum .
325	Vacuum	POS	5	overall it be a excellent machine . very powerful and very convenient to use . it be difficult to clean though . filter empty and clean may become messy .
258	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have my roomba for about a month and i love it . i read a lot of review , about many different type of automatic vacuum and choose the irobot roomba 564 pet series . i have a dog who shed like crazy , tile floor with a area rug in the living room . i have set the roomba to start at 6:15 a.m. every day and it do its thing before i leave for work . the area rug in the living room look freshly vacuum and all fluff up every day . the tile floor feel great on my bare foot . my dog be annoy by the roomba seemingly follow he around , but he seek higher ground and take a nap while the roomba work . i vacuum my floor with my dyson vacuum prior to use the roomba for the first time and be amaze at how much dust and pet hair be in the filter at the end of the roomba 's run . i clean the roomba either before i leave for work or when i get home , depend on how much time i have . it only take a few minute and it be worth it to have the floor feel less gritty . on saturday morning , i steam mop my floor after my roomba have finish its round and i love the convenience of have the floor ready for the steam mop . i would highly recommend the roomba to anyone look for a way to stay ahead of the dust and pet hair !
442	Vacuum	POS	5	great vacuum . i love the suction , the hose be nice and long no back break , the cord be long i do not have to change outlet as frequent , it be great to be able to turn off the roll bristle and the main vacuum for the hose . it be a little heavy but i would sacrifice the weight for the power .
633	Vacuum	POS	5	i recently purchase this vac for touchup between regular cleaning , and be very pleased with it . with three cat in the house , we main problem be cat hair . this vac do a wonderful job on the area rug with the power brush engage , and on the bare floor with just the suction . i can do the entire downstairs of about 1300 sq. ft. before the charge show any sign at all of diminish . there be no bag and it be very easy to empty and clean the dirt catcher . the fact that there be no cord to deal with make it very convenient . it be more expensive than most vac of this type but be well worth it , and i would recommend it to anyone .
384	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum review very well and be a good price . my old beige carpet look new ! it must have great suction power . it be noisier than review , but hey-it 's a vacuum .
681	Vacuum	POS	5	my family kill a vacuum every year . this thing file up in 5 min what my oreck could not in 2 year great value
402	Vacuum	POS	5	i put myself outta of a job . i never have to vacuum again . open the box , charge it up , set the timer , empty the dirt tray every other day & that be it . interesting to see when something fail , but it have not in the last 4 month of ownership . worth the money . save time .
544	Vacuum	POS	5	the best hand vac i have ever own . compact , lightweight and powerful . have a shop vac like hose that extend to help you clean up high , low and in tight space . also , it have a pet brush attachment that be the best solution i have use to clean my dog 's shed hair . great buy !
64	Vacuum	POS	5	great product , and work really well both on carpet and wood\/concrete . also work very effectively on animal hair -lrb- cat & dog -rrb- . even use it to vacuum off the couch and bedding -lrb- both victim of say animal -rrb- .
6	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this after have problem with my previous bissel bagless model , which lose its suction . this eureka model work very well , have plenty of power , look kinda cool , and have lot of attachments\/cleaning mode . only downside be : the foot release lock be sorta hard to push ; it be kind of heavy , for a house with stair ; it be a tad loud ; the plastic body piece be a little too hard and rigid and it seem they could break in a couple year . overall i be very pleased with the purchase , after consult consumer report , etc. -lrb- i choose this over the blue hoover model , which seem just a little too cheap -rrb- .
114	Vacuum	POS	5	i have a older portapower-hoover and i recently buy a new one . it be great and the only thing i do not like about it be the new hose because it be too short and low quality . the old hose be longer and make well and i do not use the new one at all , my wife & i clean house so we use the hoover constantly it be light and durable . hoover should have keep the old hose . j.h.
33	Vacuum	POS	4	after try different vacuum cleaner , i definitely like this one . nothing extraordinary but it do a very good job , good suction and much better than other v. cleaner in the same price range or even more expensive . only con ... heavy .
260	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum be amazing . i have a old dog and a st. bernard-great pyrenees dog who give it a challenge . it be really thorough and you can program it to clean multiple day out of the week . be aware that the schedule cleaning will be interrupt if you be not there to clean the hair out of the brush -lrb- to be expect since it be a pet vacuum -rrb- . my best advice be to run it every day to keep the hair build up low and less frequent cleaning of the brush . cleaning be really a breeze consider all that this machine will do . it have be a god-send since we double we living space and i go back to full-time college -lrb- less time to clean -rrb- .
161	Vacuum	POS	4	i be be respond to the people who say it be hard to use . i be a 30 year old female and i have absolutely no problem use this product . no offense , but if someone can not use this vacuum because it be too physically demand , they have serious problem . it be a vacuum , you have to push it ... it be not automatic ! lol i agree i have have lighter vacuum , but the suction make be worthwhile to i ! the only complaint i would state , that i have not notice other people talk about much be the hose attachment . almost every time i vacuum the hose attachment fall off the vacuum and i sometimes run over it , i be not sure if it be just my vacuum , but both boyfriend and i deal with this issue .
280	Vacuum	POS	5	i git this this vacuum for my mother in law and once i see it in action , i buy one for myself ! it be great ! all around great vacuum !
988	Vacuum	POS	5	love it , love it ! handiest little vacuum . i like mine so much that i be buy they now as gift for friend and relative !
891	Vacuum	POS	5	i live near the beach and like to hike , so my car mat take a beat to say the least . i keep this in my trunk to take care of dirt and sand and it work fabulously .
410	Vacuum	POS	4	i receive black & decker pav1200w 12-volt cyclonic-action automotive pivoting-nose handheld vacuum cleaner in very good condition , it be work well , but upholstery brush which suppose to be include be not in the package . package be not break or damage , may be seller forget to put it inside . i try to contact with customer service . they send i e-mail with apology , they will check in they stock of the vacuum and see if they have this brush in they kit . they will send i a brush if they do , also they promise contact with i later but they do not ! i do not send this vacuum back because we need it and already start to use it . hopefully i will recieve miss brush , otherwise this be a good item !
155	Vacuum	POS	5	the vacuum be exactly as describe , very quiet , excellent strong engine , do a super job without my have to lean way over . the posture and position of use this save one from ergonomic disaster . much less stress to the back and shoulder . a great bay , good price . thanks ...
357	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the second 4870 boss smart vac i have purchase i have 2 cat and 1 dog this thing be amazing on pet hair the first one be still operable but after daily usage for about 5 year it be not as good as it once be . the new one have small little improvement that i really like i only wish they could make it lighter .
876	Vacuum	POS	5	this product be great . it be smaller than one would anticipate , but it have a excellent size to carry around the house or to use in the car . it have good suction and it last long enough to do the job .
85	Vacuum	POS	5	we get this black & decker compact vacuum cleaner more than a month ago and have be very happy with the quality , construction and performance of this little guy . first of all , it come package in a reusable box with a handle . the unit , the attachment and the little attachment holder that snap on to the unit so you can carry you attachment around the house with you all fit in the box for neat storage . as other reviewer say , this cordless vac must be recharge for about 20 hour after use . the charge last long enough to do those little cleanup chore around the house : vacuum up seed around the bird cage -lrb- use the round rubber attachment for floor -rrb- , clean the baseboard -lrb- there be a neat brush edger for that -rrb- , get into the crevice in the couch -lrb- a four foot hose help -rrb- and vacuum the stair . it be light and easy to carry -- i hate have to haul out the big vacuum for every little thing . the vac be bagless and easy to clean : just open the plastic door on the side and dump or brush out the accumulate dust and debris . i have have all sort of cordless vac and this be the best one yet .
181	Vacuum	POS	4	purchase the miele twist after much research and consumer review . love the machine . let i say that i be a vacuum fanatic and use my vacuum at least every other day , and i mean at least -lrb- i have 3 kid , 2 dog , and a dirty backyard -rrb- . immediately the power of the vacuum be note and even though it be a bit heavy on the pull-back , it be because of the 2-motor design and so i will take power with weight any day . the carpet look the best i have see it in at least a couple of year -lrb- animal stain aside -rrb- and i think i be almost addict to run it just to see the carpet plush , full and hear the dirt cyle through the hose -lrb- before the kid come home \* wink \* -rrb- . i worry about how it would handle my 15-staircase , but the hose extend to at least 12 stair quite beautifully and it be not difficult to balance the vacuum while i clean the last upper three . another thing i be curious about be the length of the cord , but again - i have be please to note that i can vacuum all of my downstairs from one convientently place outlet . speak of downstairs , i adore how easy it be to shift from carpet to vinyl with just the flip of the switch and it do such a great job cleaning too . but , if you note i give it 4-stars vs 5 and you may be wonder why . well , here be my quirk with the machine . while i love how long the cord be - i do not like how it can not seem to stay wind up on the machine , it fall off loop-by-loop as i move around the room . i plan to amend this annoyance by get a velcro loop and make my own sort of contraption to keep it on the machine . i also find annoyance with a particular situation , that may be only related to i -lrb- and my own amazingly charge personality \* wink \* -rrb- , but it will shock i if the machine get too close to my leg while run it . i learn with research that the machine use a electrobrush -lrb- see -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- and this may be the cause of my experience . if i remember to keep it away and not pull it so close to my heart , as i want since i love it so , then it be fine . \* smile \* now , on the principle of sandwich , i must leave you with another loved aspect of this machine . i love the manuverability of the machine . it be like the dyson ball , in effect , but the power and allergen control of a miele . i can bring it low and it do not alter how it work , and i can easily move it between and around my furniture . all in all - i be in love . the cord do not stay on the machine very well and i get a small shock every now and then , but other than that - i adore the machine . for the price , it be a real bargain .
636	Vacuum	POS	4	this machine be awesome ! convenient , efficient , and easy to use . only improvement could be a extendable wand to reach those really high place and a cushion cover for the canister -lrb- it can tend to bump into wall in tight place until you get use to the room it take up -rrb-
998	Vacuum	POS	4	this vaccum be excellent on indoor\/outdoor carpet , it pick up very well , especially small particle . the vaccum be a little heavy , but that be a small price to pay for the performance it give .
737	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a great vacuum for carpet . i have 2 long haired dog and vacuum everyday ... this get everything . i call it the boss of the dirt ! only two little thing you should know . it be heavy as far as carry it up and down stair . i use it on the one level of we house only - -lrb- the one with all carpet -rrb- . its not too heavy to push ... just would be clunky to take up and down stair . and the bag fill really quickly . i get throw alot of bag compare to other vacuum . otherwise , as far as cleaning go - love it ! it have great suction !
558	Vacuum	POS	5	i be afraid that this vacuum would not have enough power to pick up the dirt in my car because of some of the review . i find that it work fine ! it be not a high power vacuum , but it pick up very well in between . the adjustable nozzle be a plus . it have be able to get to most -lrb- if not all -rrb- area of my car . it be very convenient .
614	Vacuum	POS	4	in many way , this vacuum be wonderful . it have great suction power , it work excellently on wood floor , and contrary to some review , it be really not that loud . much quieter than any upright i have previously own . as for the weight , it be on the heavy side , but not heavy enough for i to return it . now for the bad . it be difficult to push the reclining pedal . i mean , really , really hard . it be also very difficult to change the setting tab from carpet to hardwood . i be always afraid it be go to break because i be push it so hard . and , the attachment do not stay put . they fall off from they stationary position while i be vacuum . i have have this since mid-august , and today the hose break . i be quite disappointed . it be the reason i finally replace my panasonic vaccuum , because i would replace 2 hose on it . overall , for the $ 118 i pay for this , i would say you get what you pay for . it suction well , which be the most important thing . and for it be size , it get into the corner really well , better than most . i do not have pet , so i can not attest to how well the power paw work .
788	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have this vacuum for several month now , and i be quite puzzle by the negative review it be get . it do sound like maybe there be some lemon out there , but once these folk figure out how to work it , or get it replace it be ok . we have 2 very long-haired dog -- there be always a ton of dog hair on the carpet . plus we be all `` indoor outdoor '' so there be plenty of dirt get track on we carpet too . i vacuum about once a week . i turn this vac on and it do a awesome job -- it be get so much suction that i have to turn down the volume when i go over my throw rug or it lift they off the ground . it have incredible suction through the wand too -- i have nab fly insect from several inch away this last week -- hah ! i can not stand the enormous mess of bagless vac -lrb- a ridiculous trend in vac if you need heavy duty cleaning -rrb- , and this vac have disposable hepa bag -- which be top on my list . the bag that be mean to be purchase with it contain the unpleasant dog smell which eventually accumulate -- and they work great !!! i have never have a vac that do that . it be get a very simple on\/off switch , not a foot pedal , which i be happy about . it have multiple on-board attachment . it have a nice large valve -lrb- ? -rrb- that you turn to go from floor to hose suction -- always a problem previously for i . and it have the ability to turn off the rotate brush when you be work on bare floor -- although i do not have a problem w \/ keep it on when i be go over the tile in kitchen . it have a enormous long cord which let i cover a huge amount of live room\/dining room without switch outlet . my only complaint be that the latch that let you release it from it be upright position be slightly difficult for i to get it to work in my houseshoes\/boots . but i figure that be i and my selection of footwear -- i eventually give it enough pressure and it release . i honestly can not say enough good thing about this vac -- it have enormous power , no smell , long cord , can do carpet or hard floor well , etc. . it be not ultra-light or quiet -- but i have have dog long enough to know that i can not get the cleaning i want w \/ some wimpy vac . but it be not so heavy i have a problem with it -- maybe my mother would , she be 75 . it roll really well though , so you can just roll it backwards on 2 wheel very very easily . and the husband say it be a lot quieter than the last one , a dirt devil which do not so squat . so go figure . it do the job it say it will do -- i could not be more pleased w \/ something i absolutely depend on .
887	Vacuum	POS	4	i would love to give this vacuum 5 star because i use it every day and i love the way it pick up , but i have to take off a star because it be very difficult to empty the canister . i still highly recommend this vacuum , though . it be great at pick up crumb , dirt , grass , etc. on both hard surface and carpet . i have a baby that drop more cheerio than he eat , and i follow up he snack time with this vacuum . so fast and easy ! i leave it charge in the kitchen and i use it all the time . i like the fact that it can fold to go under chair , bed , etc. . this be a great little vacuum . they need to improve the empty process , and it would be perfect .
383	Vacuum	POS	5	i be debate whether to give it 4-stars since my wife -lrb- who be the actual `` tester '' -rrb- indicate that she only complaint be that she sometimes have trouble transition up onto throw-rug from bare floor . but she be very happy with it be quieter than we old kenmore and feel that it be a lot more maneuverable . and she like the handle which be a lot more covenient compare to we previous vacuum . i personally love its clean\/tight\/lean appearance and overall high quality of design -lrb- build like a tank -rrb- . perhaps they could work on the door design for bag replacement . the closure mechanism be not quite up to quality of remainder of the machine . oh yea ... we small dog give it 5-stars as well -lrb- quieter -rrb- . question : this review be for the `` miele s7 twist s7210 upright vacuum cleaner -lrb- kitchen -rrb- '' yet there be another product review for `` miele : s7210 twist upright vacuum -lrb- royal blue -rrb- -lrb- kitchen -rrb- '' . note `` s7 '' for this one . both be for same price yet this s7 list for $ 649 , the other for $ 549 . any difference ? pretty similar comment result but think i would point it out .
157	Vacuum	POS	5	this be simply the very best vac that i have every own , hand down . one time over something and shazam it . s go . exceptionally good suction .
921	Vacuum	POS	4	very good vacuum , this be the second of this model that we own , the first be purchase a few year ago . we have a 2-story house , so 1 stay upstairs & this one stay downstairs . the only problem we have have with either of they be that the step pedal on the newer one break after the first couple of use , which do not interfer with the operation just make secure upright a little more challenging . we do not return for a replacement as we have already throw out the box it arrive in .
425	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this vacuum to replace my aging oreck auto xl vacuum . the black and decker have comparable suction but it be much more versatile due to the adjustable neck and extender crevice tool . it come with lot of accessory , but i find that i do not even need to use any of they when i give my car the once over . i could not be happier , oh , and it be worth more than the $ 40 buck i spend on it . please note , it may take a few pass over a spot to get everything , but it meet my expectation for a 12 volt vacuum . : - -rrb-
488	Vacuum	POS	4	have own it for several week now , so far so good . i be hear little thing get pick up that i have never hear before , and we vacuum somewhat regularly -lrb- at least 1-2x per week -rrb- . do not stink or smell like dust so the description of it be a good one for allergy seem to hold up . overall , a good buy for under $ 120 through amazon.com retail price be closer to $ 200 , but then again , no store carry it within 30mus of we location .
521	Vacuum	POS	5	black & decker psv1800 18-volt cordless pivoting floor vacuum cleaner  it have more power than some of the most expensive cord cleaner . it be fun to vacuum , go on with a flip of the button under chair , furniture , and do not grab electric cord as most vacuum cleaner do but push they away gently when encounter . the battery be long lasting , more than enough to clean a complete floor of a big house . it be truly a 21st century vacuum cleaner by it be versatility , power and design . i recommend it to all my friend . buy it , you 'll love it .
472	Vacuum	POS	5	we recently purchase the twist when a 3 year-old bissell fail . we do considerable research online & consider various review in the process . because we have a labrador retriever with pet-hair issue , we target dyson & miele as the best probable solution . we go to a local dealer & test both head-to-head . the miele pick up test debris that the dyson do not , so we choose the twist model price well-below dyson 's comparable model . we could not be more pleased with the selection . it pick up everything & change a bag may be a add expense , but it be so much easier & neater than dump a dust cannister . the miele make the carpet look & `` feel '' much cleaner & more like-new , & do a far-superior job to previous vacuum on bare wood floor . the only challenge be to figure out the easiest way to clean stair , but once master , it be not a problem . you will definitely pay more for the miele , but it be a superior performer & with separate motor for the beater-brush & the suction , it be pretty much guarantee to last far longer than other less-expensive variety . give the miele a test & you 'll be convince as to its quality .
853	Vacuum	POS	4	i think when i buy this , it would clean cheaply and would not work well ... i be wrong , it be pretty good . not lie at all , i like it ! i can tell you it be no be near be as good as a roomba , but it be not that bad . it clean best on hardwood floor -lrb- because it only have suction , not brush or anything like that -rrb- . so if you have a all carpet floor house do not get this product . but if you have hard wood floor this be a good product for the price . why ? because it have a thing on the bottom that you can but a rag cleaning sheet so it would be like sweeping too . it go for about 50 min and need to charge for about ... 12 hour ... yeah i know , that be longgg time , but if you do it overnight , -lrb- 9 hour -rrb- it clean for a long time . so now when you turn it on , it start right away . you have to watch it because sometimes it do get stick on uneven flooring , a mat , or rug . i like this product alot because it be so quiet ! i mean for a vacuum it be super quiet . overall i like it and plan on keep it ! : - -rrb-
335	Vacuum	POS	5	convenient and portable . love the canister style - able to get in the nook and cranny that traditional cordless vacuum could not get to .
825	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum be the best - i hate vacuum and usually leave it to other but this be great . with 5 cat , i need something that really pull and this miele do . it be quiet . it be powerful . it have full size attachment unlike some other vac . its bag hold a huge amount . i have have hoover and a kenmore . they be okay for - maybe 2 year - and then they start have problem . i would be shock if this vac do not keep purr for year .
628	Vacuum	POS	5	this thing really suck !! i have a small condo with wood , tile , rug & carpet . the psv 1800 do a great job on all surface - i be amaze at how much it pick up when i empty the filter housing for the first time . great battery - it have never slow down when i have be use it . it be portable and compact - i would highly recommend this unit for a small place -lrb- under 1000 sq ft -rrb- like mine .
935	Vacuum	POS	5	this work great . i be impressed that it be not very loud and even pull itself across the carpet . we carpet look new every time we use it . the bag seem to last fairly well and the filter do not put off any odor . i would not recommend this for hard-wood because there be not a way to turn off the super powerful brush which would scatter dirt . i suppose pay attention to the fact that they call it a `` carpet '' pro rather than a floor pro should make that obvious ...
175	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this as a refurbish unit . i could not tell . it look and run as brand new , but at half the cost . i replace a 4 year old bagless vac . there be no comparison when it come to clean power . this vacuum have ton of suck power . it actually clean my floor . the only negative be it do not come with the power brush , but that be no biggie . the include attachment work fine for i .
983	Vacuum	NEG	2	suck up dirt on carpet fairly well . no so on floor . scatter dirt everywhere . hardly much suction on the attachment at all .
723	Vacuum	NEG	2	when i buy it , it work fine . but i use this a total of just about 10-12 time when the belt break and the vacuum stop work . i go and order the belt -lrb- http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/gp\/product\/b00006iv1l\/ref=oss_product -rrb- and now it work fine . pro : - do a decent job - not too noisy con : - belt should ` nt break that easily - no retractable power cord all in all , i be not too dissatisfied with my cleaner - i would expect it to last for year and give satisfactory service . update : the second time i use it with the replacement belt , the belt break , and i have to replace it again . i think there be something flaw if the motor make the belt break so often . for now i be resign to replace the belt every other time i use this vacuum - quite frustrating .
88	Vacuum	NEG	2	well i should of known better when order this because it be a 50\/50 split on the negative and positive review . but i take a chance and order it . basically everyone who say this lack power be 100 % correct . the suction on this be not just weak but practically non existent . it sure sound like it will do something by all the noise it make but it would hardly even pick up a hole punch disc -lrb- the little circle you empty out of a hole punch -rrb- i even try a test to see if it would work and of course it fail . i just sprinkle a tiny bit of flour on my counter to see if it would suck it up . well no it sure do not . but all the air blow from the side vent blow it around all over the kitchen . lol thankfully this be not expensive cuz if it be it would be go straight back . it be not the seller 's fault as they do not make the product . its dirt devil .
392	Vacuum	NEG	2	i buy this to replace a old , inexpensive bag type . what with have to empty the canister so often and clean the filter so often , this type of vacuum be too much bother . a lot more bother than a bag type of vacuum . and the suction when use the tool be rather terrible compare to my old inexpensive bag type . also , the rebate be $ 10 , not $ 20 as indicate . read the fine print in the rebate form . -lrb- by coincidence , i just get my rebate check today and it be for $ 10 . either amazon or bissell need correct that . -rrb-
574	Vacuum	NEG	2	i be very disappoint with this vacuum . i just get the 18v pivot vac  black & decker pivot vac 18v cordless pivoting hand vac , phv1810  i can clean my floor mat in about 1\/2 the time with the other vacuum because the suction power be much better . do yourself a favor and get that one as it be only a few dollar more , it be cordless and rechargeable and suck much more than this product . the guy fieri inspire color scheme be off-putting as well .
455	Vacuum	NEG	1	piece of junk . i buy it several year ago and it only last 3 day . it be make out of cheap plastic and a battery hogger . do not buy it . it be a complete waste of you money . it barely suck up any thing .
250	Vacuum	NEG	1	buy a vacuum , it quit work after one or two use , i have be tryint to contact the seller with get no response ! super dissapointed with the seller !! they have be terrible to deal and still to date have not take care of the issue , amazon have step in to make thing right .
484	Vacuum	NEG	2	to clean this vacuum out , you need to empty a large cup which be easy . but you frequently also need to clean the cylindrical foam filter underneath the cup , and the trap above the cup . the foam filter get really plug up and the best way i have figure to clean it be to use my shop vac in the garage . so you have two take out three component . the cup be easy to clean but i have yet to clean all three area without dump some of the dust back on the floor or get a puff in my face . i feel foolish cleaning one vacuum with another . i be go back to a bagged design .
143	Vacuum	NEG	1	i have only use it a couple of time ; so far , the vacuum seem to do a good job of cleaning . that say , the design be lousy . the on\/off switch and cord storage be lower than normal ~ ~ ~ only good if you be sit down ! instead of have a opening in the front of the handle area to lift the vacuum , it be in the back , make it very awkward , as the weight be in the front . the worst feature be that the diameter of the hose and wand attachment fit the turbo brush and other attachment , but not any attachment from the various other vacuum that i have own over the year . all of those other useful attachment and extender that i have accumulate will not work with this machine , severely limit its usefulness . prior to this , they be interchangeable with kirby , hoover , oreck , tristar , even my shop vac . if i have know that before open the box , i would have return it . i be give the vacuum to a college student , and will never buy another bissell .
37	Vacuum	NEG	2	i have the older version of this model -lrb- pay $ 150 06\/2007 , on amazon -rrb- , which be very highly rate by consumer report . i will give kudos to this vacuum 's `` suckability '' which be strong and good . when the bag start to get full i always notice a decline in cleaning effectiveness . the thing i hate about this vacuum be it be weight and terrible manuverability-it be like push and pull dead weight around . i see the weight be list as 26 lb and let i tell you that be probably accurate and this thing be heavy !! there be absolutely no glide around on carpet or bare floor . i also do not like the width of 15 '' - the vacuum end up be cumbersomely too large and you can not move it around and between furniture\/objects . my accessory also constantly fall off which i see as a major complaint on many of the lower reviewer . it be a total pain to not be able to keep the accessory on board while you be use the vacuum . the weight and cumbersomeness make do stair a sweaty job , combine with the fact that the unit blow out quite a bit of hot air when in use . it be like have a blowdryer on you ! just yesterday i buy the eureka airspeed as1000a -lrb- for $ 120 , a walmart exclusive item -rrb- which be bagless and weigh about 18lb . i be thrill with it ! current customer review be 5 star out of 5 w \/ 45 review . i think about get a dyson , but the claim on the airspeed box say it be suppose to have better suction than 3 model of dyson at only 1\/3 the cost . i figure i would give it a try and return it if i do not like it . i love that this new vac glide around w \/ great ease on both carpet and my wood floor ! i love how this unit get in and around obstacle much easier because it be about 2 '' less in width . at first i wonder if the vacuum be go to be as effective at clean because it be so much easier to push and pull on the carpet . it be incredibly effective in clean ! i have 4 cat and a new puppy -lrb- in and out constantly for potty training -rrb- and two young kid . i usually vacuum about once every week or two at the most . my old bag get full after about 4 time use . this new bagless unit get `` overfull '' in one use ! i be absolutely shock at the volume and filth extract from my carpet which be 6 yr old when i empty the container ! if that amount have go in a new vacuum bag it would have be at least 1\/2 full ! all the accessory snap in place very securely on the new airspeed unit which i really like ; even the power stair nozzel which do not even have a place to go on my old unit ! what i be dissappoint in in the new airspeed model be that i like be able to tip the vacuum back to pick up the brush head in order to avoid go over the cord or to decrease the likelihood of suck up area carpet . when in use , and the airspeed be tip back , the brush head section do not lift up off the floor unless the vacuum be practically horizontal to the surface it be on . the other thing i do not like be that the power cord clip to keep the cord on the back side of the unit -lrb- while in use -rrb- do not adequately secure the cord and the cord repeatedly fall out of it be clip . the design of the handle do lend itself to be able to thread the cord through the loop of the handle which then obviously would never fall out back toward you foot while use the unit so i will probably try that the next time i use the vacuum . the power nozzel attachment for stair or upholstry have a handy flip shield which enable you to vacuum in either a horizontal or vertical plane -lrb- w\/out change you grip or twist and turn the nozzel attachment -rrb- and it work very , very well - the brush spin very rapidly -lrb- power by the very strong suction airflow -rrb- and it do not stop spin with even moderate pressure while in use . so far i think the eureka airspeed be a amazing vacuum for the inexpensive price !
767	Vacuum	NEG	1	i purchase this base on the review . mistake . hoover really screw up on this one . the cloth bag be a mess to clean and i can not figure out how the paper one work . between the tweeked hose , the shoulder strap , no wheel and no place to put the attachment this machine be just plain awkward to use . one reviewer get it right : the only thing good about this machine be the cord length . i be go to buy a eureka canister .
79	Vacuum	NEG	2	we have high hope for this vac . it be even a present for the wife . the battery life be lousy . we can only vac a small room then the battery die . i do not expect to vacuum the entire house , but i would be nice to have in case . all the charge go on just to vacuum one room . do not pick up that well either .
688	Vacuum	NEG	1	powerful vacuum , but we have to take it in for service twice , the foot release break twice , we have have to duct tape the hose almost all the way up because it keep crack . works well but everything be make with cheap part .
387	Vacuum	NEG	2	i can tell you one thing , it certainly do suck ! ours last no longer than 6 month before we give up on it and throw it out . only a week or so after purchase this vacuum , it start make a awful buzz sound that would not go away regardless of how many time you clean it or remove debris from the head . most of the time it seem like it be just blow dirt around rather than suck it up . the front of the vacuum be constantly cover in dust and vacuum cleaner powder .
80	Vacuum	NEG	1	i price the eureka boss bagged upright vacuum cleaner , 4870sz here on amazon and other site . i decide on the pet lover one . i have no problem with refurbish thing when do properly , so i opt for the cheaper price . i price the refurbish one that include the pet paw - order the cheapest price one and wait for delivery . my old vacuum become history about two , nearly three week ago . decide to shop for a decent one instead of buy something last minute at a local store . after get a bad egg -lrb- first one do not work , after a good bit of phone time , a second reburbished be mail to i -rrb- it be just refreshing to get a vacuum that work . and it work extremely well . get more dog hair off my floor than any other vacuum . still not all , small straight chihuahua hair seem to glue itself into the rug , but much more than any other we have ever own . and without repeatedly go over the same area at that . do move the rug when vacuum they if not careful . and make sure the switch on the bottom -lrb- bare floor\/carpet -rrb- after release the handle - every time - be quiet annoying . but so far it be worth the money we pay . do not know about the hassle that it take to get it yet though .
191	Vacuum	NEG	1	i love cordless vacuum cleaner -- very convenient . i like black & decker , but -- this be the 1952 fiat \/ renault of cordless vacuum cleaner . do it work ? yes , barely & at what trouble . if the designer bother to give this to they wife for a try-out before production , they would all be divorce . whoever design this contraption should have he pay firmly fix to the sale of this sow . whoever approve this & the tooling cost have better start look for a new career . get a enemy ? give they one for a gift , or better yet , send the vacuum to the taliban - they 'll surrender after the 1st use ! positive : 1 . good charge shoe . 2 . great battery power -lrb- and noise -rrb- but minimum suction . 3 . compact folding for storage -lrb- motor home -rrb- . -- that be it . negative : 1 . very uncomfortable handle - bad design \/ angle . 2 . weigh a ton because all the weight be 1\/2 way up , include the motor , so it constantly pull down on you forearm & shoulder instead of be down on the head at the floor where you would barely feel it . 3 . this also cause the head to not have enough weight to hold the brush in proper contact for maximum performance on any carpet or rug . 4 . this also make the head hard \/ awkward to control . 5 . very difficult to glide & have no tilt \/ steer action - sub-miniature wheel be of no use on carpet . 6 . have a crazy back of head ` foot ' extension that get catch on everything when you pull the vacuum back & forth & flip the head up ! 7 . empty the vacuum be mind-boggling , one slight slip try to hold this monster & it be all on the floor or all you filter \/ cover part be in the garbage . 8 . return be non-existent . they can not sell they so they do not want they either . the cure : hoover platinum linx -- the rolls-royce ` state-of-the-art ' of the genre . you 'll fall down & thank god . cost more but you get more than you money 's worth , instead of a insult .
276	Vacuum	NEG	2	it be not a awful vac but i expect a little more suction power out of it and and it do not quite get into all the nook and cranny . i will probably go back to use the vacuum at gas station .
575	Vacuum	NEG	2	i would not buy this product again because of poor design and quality . the vacuum be basic and function as it should but feel cheap and piece continually fall off . for the money i would look for a kirby on the secondary market or buy any other brand .
206	Vacuum	NEG	1	get the previous version of this model -lrb- red pet vac -rrb- for christam last year -lrb- 08 -rrb- i live in a small apt and only vacuum about once a month . the vacuum already break . something happen to the brush , not the belt . the brush end up tear up the underside of the vacuum melting and shredding the plastic . now im stick use the hose to vacuum everything ! for the price -lrb- over $ 200 -rrb- be be definitely not worth it ! im very disappointed . try to get a refund or get it fix an customer service would do nothing for i . also the vacuum be very big and very very heavy . very disappoint with eureka brand . look for a new vacuum at a affordable price but dont know which company to trust !?!?
940	Vacuum	NEG	1	i wish there be a no star option . we buy we boss about 10 month ago for light cleaning between the housekeeper come out . my wife complain after a week that it keep shut itself off so i take it apart and clean all the filter . i run it for a few minute and tell she it be fine now - do not think much of it . a week later she report the power paw stop work . a week after that she report the vacuum be shut itself off again . i clean all the filter -lrb- again -rrb- and give it back to she . the filter be not dirty , but i clean they anyway since it do the trick the last time . she say it be a pain and stop use the vacuum alltogether - go back to she old stick vacuum . fast forward several month - we now have a dog and it be time to break out the boss again . this time i take control -lrb- convinced my wife be do something wrong -rrb- . after apologize to she for think she be wrong , and apologize again for not return the vacuum while it be still under warranty i be now on a quest to buy a new vacuum . i be glad to read so many positive review - let 's see how those vacuum hold up after a few month of `` light housework '' . junk - very disappointed - very . i guess in some case you really do get what you pay for .
823	Vacuum	NEG	2	i use this vacuum once or twice a month to vacuum regular carpet in three room . the motor give out after a year and a half . spend more money and get a better vacuum that will last longer .
48	Vacuum	NEG	1	i spend week research online about vacuum cleaner before purchase this one . i know i want a canister style with decent suction for my house which be hardwood on 1 floor and carpet on the other floor . the suction be ok - great for floor and mediocre for carpet . but i know from read review that no canister in this price range be go to have great suction on carpet . what i do not expect though be the smell that this vacuum emit each time you turn it on . it smell like something be burn , though it do not feel like its overheating . i have to open all the window and door in the house whenever i use it because the smell be overpower and end up spread all over the house .
126	Vacuum	NEG	1	purchase this vacuum after read many positive review . i have a panasonic which work great for over ten year . this vacuum last two month -lrb- use it twice weekly on three low area carpet -rrb- and the motor would shut off after vacuum for ten minute . suffer another 9 month with this vacuum by shut it off and let it cool down every few minute . then the plastic hose break and i give up . i just purchase a oreck .
735	Vacuum	NEG	2	after several year -lrb- about 7-8 -rrb- my low end oreck become too weak to pick up dog hair -lrb- a necessity -rrb- from my rug . that combine with no on board tool prompt i to look for a replacement . because i abhor spend money , especially on something that i can not test -lrb- as in buy online -rrb- , i spend month postpone , and research , my option . i be not able to find the five-starred item review here at the big box store , at least not the same model number . i have rule out anything over $ 400 , and be not interested in the bagless model . i find this hoover and read review in several place and decide it be just right for we need . plus : the very long cord can be plug into a central area of my 2400 sq foot , tile\/carpet\/hardwood single story and i can vacuum the whole house . it be very lightweight , come with a shoulder sling for easy carrying , and the tool make it quick and easy to get into corner and around furniture . the suction be adequate for hardwood and tile . it make work quick and easy . come with a variety of tool . minus : after vacuum a area , i have often find i have to go back over a area as little , tiny piece of debris seem to be miss . this will not , repeat not , pick up dog hair off of carpet . i have to use the large head tool and rake the carpet , get the hair in a pile , take the head off , and suck it up . the tool do not have a storage , carry bag ; more of a hassle than it sound like . final evaluation : if i could return this hoover , i would . i have to keep it so be keep it so i have a `` quick '' cannister vac with tool . we go to the oreck store and buy they middle of the line vac . plug it in , and in one swipe it get every single one of the accumulate hair off of every carpet in my house . perfect ! buy cheap , buy twice . oreck be made in the usa . i will never buy another hoover , or appliance online again .
573	Vacuum	NEG	1	i be disappointed that amazon.com do business with this company who do not notify i until 2 day before christmas that this item be out stock . when i order it 2 week ago it be supposedly in stock and would be deliver in time for christmas . i will not do business with this retailer again !
396	Vacuum	NEG	2	this be a vacuum from a respected brand and since it weigh a ton i hope it would have some strength and substance . the problem i have with it be three : the plastic part be cheap and snap off easily , the height adjustment be so poorly design that it bump up against the vacuum and will not turn and when the roller stop spin -lrb- and it do -rrb- replace the belt be a real pain with lot of screw and prying . i would not buy it again and hope that eureka make the investment to improve this vacuum . on the bright side , we have a large house with dog , cat , kid and lot of visitor so my wife and i vacuum every single day and it have already last a over year without loss of power . this be longer than comparably price vacuum and i be impressed . eureka could think like a user and fix this unfriendly monster and i would buy another one if they do . until then , stay away from it .
57	Vacuum	NEG	1	terrible quality : my mom buy this for i at costco after i have do lot of research . we do not get to test it out because the model be lock in place . it replace my cheap and efficent sharp vacuum that i have use for 12 year . i could not believe how heavy it be . it do not have a direct drive so move it back and forth take effort -lrb- i be a strong person - but my sharp be s nice and easy -rrb- . after 3 month with use about 1 time a week the hose break and i duck-tape it together . after 6 month the on\/off switch break so when it be plug in , it be on . now a year and half later the carpet aggitator break . i have replace many belt in my year and i replace this belt but that be not the problem . i be happy it break because now i have a excuse to get a good vacuum . do not waste you money .
805	Vacuum	NEG	2	i have have this vacuum just over a year and i be ready to trade it in ! hate have to change the belt and the bag . and the hose be not work . it over heat and shut off . i have let it cool down to finish my vacuuming . when it work , it work great but i be very disappointed at how much money i spend on this vacuum . i wish now i would spend my money on the dyson . do not waste you money !
56	Vacuum	NEG	1	i choose bissell base on my friend 's recommendation and after read the positive review on this particulare model . even though there be negative review , i fool myself into ignore they and i regret the moment i turn it on . 1 -rrb- the unit be very noisy compare to the electrolux or samsung that i have use before and sound more like a commercial grade vacumn cleaner . 2 -rrb- the unit also fail to pick up dust effectively from the wooden hard floor , though the hose attachment do a better job do that . 3 -rrb- the design of the unit would not let i reach under sofa and bed properly due to the bulk , and the hose attachment be too short and small to pick up dust properly . though cheap , i decide to return it as soon as i could .
300	Vacuum	NEG	2	this would be a absolutely perfect hand-held vac if the battery charge would last more than 10 minute !!! or , if you do not have to charge it for at least 21 hour ! or , if there be a spare battery you could instantly swap . what be b&d; think ?! the infomercial be misleading , show the vacuuming of drape , etc. . it be no wonder that nowhere be there mention of how long you can expect the battery charge to last - not on the infomercial , not in the instruction - nowhere ! i think b&d; know they have get a bad product , but be pawn it off on we , anyway . i be return mine . too bad . it would be perfect , otherwise -lrb- for a filthy bagless vac , anyway -rrb- .
571	Vacuum	NEG	1	i can not wait to return this to the store . after charge it the allotted time , i try to use it , and when it fail to lift crumb , figure i have not charge it enough . so i re-charge . the power -lrb- or lack of power -rrb- in this hand vac be a total joke . it do not vaccum up a thing . what a total waste of money , this product should not be allow on the market . do not wate you money , you will just be return it .
941	Vacuum	NEG	2	i almost purchase this vacuum , but i could not find replacement bag for it anywhere . sound like a great vacuum , but i need the bag to make it work . now i will have to purchase a substandard vacuum of which i can find readily available part .
349	Vacuum	NEG	1	piece of crap do no recommend trow it away . it do not even suck in anything use it on my laptop keyboard and on the keyboard speaker and nothing happen the dust be still there .
154	Vacuum	NEG	1	do not do the basic thing vacuum be suppose to do . do not clean . you 'll get a liitle excercise return it to the store . garbage .
978	Vacuum	NEG	1	i buy this vacuum less than a year ago and it just break for the third time . i have no pet and no child . there be no tough job that this vacuum have to deal with . yet , it keep break down over crumb ! i regret not buy at a store that have a fix it year warrenty .
902	Vacuum	NEG	1	unless i be miss something or i get a lemon , i can not imagine why the average # of star this vacuum be get be as high as it be . i research vacuum for a few week before i decide on this one - it be a very inform purchase . even though there be plenty of feedback state that this be rather heavy and difficult to push around , i take that chance , as it do not really bother i . however , the degree to which this vacuum be totally unwieldy border on the ridiculous . not only be it heavy , but it be so hard to push it almost feel like it have brake on . i only have 2 area rug in my house to vacuum and we have just stop use it altogether because it be so difficult . does be suck ? you bet - a little too well , in fact , because it actually eat the corner of one of we area rug . but i would happily give up some of the suck power for a vacuum that you can actually work with .
776	Vacuum	NEG	1	i have have this vacuum for about 1 year . i be look for a new one currently . i have have to purchase a new belt every month . i just eat they up . it wasnt bad at first but over time it have get progressively worse . this month alone i have go through 4 belt . i get so frustrated yesterday i just throw it in the trash .
164	Vacuum	NEG	1	after read all the review , i be convince this be the vaccum for i . it be not . it have no wheel and must be hand carry which be awkward to have both hand occupy while vaccuming . the suction be good on tile and hardwood floor . i have one small area of carpet . the carpet head be not rotary , simply a double row of stiff brush . it be difficult draw the carpet head across the carpet . actually , i have to vaccum with the pile direction to even be able to draw the carpet-head -- which do nothing to release the dirt in the carpet pile . but , i be still ok because i only have a minimal amount of carpet . it come with multiple tool . all of which be leave behind because they be not ` on board ' . ok if one want to run back and forth to switch out tool . and storage be a problem unless one want to put they in a bag someplace . the last straw be the filter\/bag . it be poorly design . dust collect around the seal and would drop to the floor upon open the bag compartment . the bag be some composite , clingy material -lrb- plastic\/paper ? -rrb- - make it difficult to shake out the dust . it be a long cyclinder shape and one have to invert it to get the dust out . it do not seem it would hold up to many water rinsing . and , from my perspective , it would have to be clean with every use . the long cord be nice except one have to now manuever the cord while vaccuming . remember both hand be already occupy with carry the unit and the vaccume hose . this be my first and last foray into the world of canister vaccum .
877	Vacuum	NEG	1	maybe , just maybe , i get they sole lemon ... but i do not think so . out of the box , the first clue to `` quality '' be the screw that fasten the handle : as i turn it , i see metal filings drop off the screw . not cool ! then , assemble , on to check that a bag be indeed install -lrb- as a reviewer have say . -rrb- the instruction say `` open the ... '' with no instruction as to how . okay , there be a obvious latch , but when one push it , nothing happen . repeatedly . forcefully . a check of they paperwork show no phone number , no web site to call for help . it take hold in the metal latch and simultaneously prying with my fingertip . after two try , the cover stick back on . then to carry it upstairs : whoops , no handy little handle ! then on to the cleaning . ha , ha . four jack russells and a emerald-green carpet be the the ultimate test of a vacuum , only this one do not vacuum . at all . it push the hair around a little , but it do not pick it up . that be it . the end . before i pack it back up , i try to remove the bag . i be not a weakling , but it be a job . since it contain nada -lrb- all the nada it pick up -rrb- , i try to put it back on . ha ! and then , of course , have pry the cover back off to check the bag , i could not get it back on . when i get the thing back in its box , i notice that a hose have pop out of the back of the vacuum -- possibly early on in this fiasco . `` maybe it 'll suck up the dirt , '' think i. `` i do not care , '' say i. jeff bezos will understand . maybe my old dyson spoil i -lrb- the new one suck , thus my search for a replacement -rrb- , but i expect some degree of convenience together with efficiency in a vacuum . this one have neither .
705	Vacuum	NEG	1	i receive this yesterday and have it in the ups store today . a very clumsy and overwrought product . not what i want at all . heavy , with unnecessary part for my little hyundai . plus you have to buy replacement filter -- a continue expense .
