index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
83	GraphicsCard	POS	4	buy two card to crossfire . nice graphic , very clean and clear . not to bad on fan noise , but the heat come off these card be blast i out of my office . very hot at about 226f , during moderate graphic usage . i be not sure that these card be suppose to work that hot ??? in any case , i like the price for the performance . just can not beat that , but they could have include the bridge connector . now , if i can just manage that heat .
389	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i get this vid card because it be the best my motherboard will support , and power supply i have be dinky . i get it for diablo 3 it run very s mooth in a single person game with all set on low . my computer kinda suck as well . i still p ; ull 40 - 50 fp solo except when i run into large pack of mob . if comp be better i bet card would perfome alot nicer .
570	GraphicsCard	POS	5	the gtx 680 be here faster than the date it say it would be by 5 day and i could not be more pleased with it . once the price go down by $ 100 - $ 200 i plan to buy another because this thing be work great , and i will be put it in slus format . this gaming card be amazing i move up from a gt 460 and can not be happier with my purchase !!!
699	GraphicsCard	POS	5	in a nutshell , this card be awesome ! easy to install , although as other poster have say , it be a huge card and will not fit in slim case . run slightly warm -lrb- 62 celsius , after 1 hour in black op with ultra setting -rrb- on my pc -lrb- hp p7-1010 -rrb- since they design the board to have the cpu under the video card which sit directly under the psu . get over 140fp in 3dmark06 with setting maxx and a 15,346 score . have not be able to get this card to skip or stutter on any game i throw at it . run all game at native 1080p -lrb- 1920x1080 -rrb- @ 60hz with max\/ultra\/da bomb setting alice : madness returns battlefield 3 battleforge call of duty : black ops dead island deus ex : human evolution gattle gears hard reset starcraft ii and many more , although they be pretty old so say they run great at max setting be not really say much for this card and blu-ray movie look amazing , almost 3d without the glass . note : this card can not be unlock . when i try unlock the 6970 shader it give i a gpuid mismatch error . the fix do not seem to work either , it flash the rom , but upon reboot it be still a 6950
459	GraphicsCard	POS	4	while the original list price for this video card be $ 95 , there be rebate and sale ongoing which can drive the price down to nearly $ 50 - that be how i get mine yesterday . the video card itself be attractively design ; the 100mm fan provide some serious cooling -lrb- without have to connect a additional power line -rrb- and the blue pcb match the color of my motherboard -lrb- also by gigabyte -rrb- very nicely . the big fan , however , can cover up the pcix1 slot on some motherboard -lrb- include my gigabyte 78lmt-s2p -rrb- , which be potentially awkward if you be want to use that expansion slot . installation of both hardware and driver be easy , and i obtain the latest ati catalyst driver almost immediately upon installation -lrb- the driver cd include , i believe , version 11.5 ; the latest catalyst suite at the time of write be 12.0 \/ 12.1 -rrb- . the card include a vga -lrb- d-sub -rrb- connector for legacy monitor , though if you have a monitor with dvi capability , such as my hp s2031 , you will certainly want to use the dvi connector on the card . graphics quality in conjunction with my s2031 monitor be excellent so far . i buy this card especially to play the upcome guild war 2 , and while that game -lrb- which be in closed beta at time of write -rrb- be not out yet , my windows experience index have be boost from a original , and somewhat lackluster , score of 4.9 with the integrate video that i be originally use to 6.8 . the card carry a print requirement of a 400w minimum power supply , which be less demand than high-end graphic card . overall , remember that this be essentially a midrange card , but it have ample power and the new price deal make it a very attractive option for those who be look to upgrade they radeon video from one of the lower-range card but can not afford one of the heavy hitter like the 6870 or 6970 . i really would rate it 4.5 star if i could ; i would like to give it 5 star but really have not have the card in my system long enough . edit -lrb- august 18 , 2012 -rrb- : after extensively play through the open-beta phase of guild war 2 -lrb- 3 beta weekend event and 7 stress test -rrb- , i can report that this card handle the game very well . most of the graphic setting be set by default to `` medium '' with this card , so you should not expect - as i advise in february - quality to be as good as a high-end card . `` medium '' graphic quality in gw2 , however , be as good or better than a lot of other game , and certainly better than gw1 . another note i need to add be that the official power-supply rating be too low . while the box say you can use a 400-watt power supply , you really need a 500w ps for extended gaming or other graphics-heavy operation . i find this out the hard way when the 400w ps that come with my custom-built system crap out early on in the third gw2 beta weekend last month ; i have to take it back to the shop -lrb- fortunately under warranty -rrb- and have a more powerful ps install . i end up play the rest of the beta weekend on my laptop -lrb- not a big deal , really , since i would need to see how well my laptop could handle the game - quite well , as it turn out , but that be a different subject -rrb- .
453	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this video card be amazing , so faster and so ship , i recommend 100 % this video card , so go buy one and get own on battlefield 3
977	GraphicsCard	POS	5	yeah its a great card . we all know that . but `` hot dealsforless '' -lrb- amazon seller id -rrb- be as full of sh \* as it name ... you have to be a sc \* mbag to buy up all of newegg 's product and sell it for over $ 300.00 more ... unbelievable . and , they dont have 1 leave . they have none . they just want to be sure to whack up you credit card and then tell you they 'll have it asap -lrb- several month ago ... -rrb- hotdealsmya \*\* . better off wait folk . trust i . i know . other website price : $ 749.00 amazon price : $ 749.00 `` not `` dealsforless price : $ 1,083.99 -lrb- wow ... even if they raise it by 300 theyd make a killing ... no they still gotta tack on another 34 dollar and hit you with the '' .99 '' again : sc \* b \* g . hope you find this `` helpful . '' ~ honestj \* if i could strangle a site to death , this would be my vic ...
949	GraphicsCard	POS	5	the most powerful single gpu on the market buy one you will not be disappointed - extremely fast gameplay and with turbo boost if need .
129	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i upgrade to this card from a gtx 280 . i be very happy with the performance of this card out of the box . run every game at 1920x1200 with ultra setting and this thing take it without hesitation . for the people hesitate buy this due to review about driver issue . i do have driver issue where none would recognize the install gpu . the cd that come with the card do have driver 285.66 on it , and that work fine . however when download driver from nvidium 's website , i would get the `` no gpu detect '' that everyone do talk about . simple fix : go to the manufacturer website and download the newest bio update . i do this , and now , every driver on nvidium 's site work like a champ . it be not a gpu issue , just reflash you bio and you good to go .
648	GraphicsCard	POS	4	pc be a ancient dell dimension 3000 with a 2.4 celeron run xp sp2 , 32 bit - slow , i know , a dinosaur in 2012 . but you know what ? it be extremely stable , run my app - in fact -lrb- knock on wood -rrb- , this be one of the most stable system i have ever own ... it just a reliable workhorse for the year i have own it , and there be something to be say for that . i be the opposite of the early adapter . not a gamer , but i do use a older version of adobe premier for video editing , along with a old version of photoshop and some other `` not the latest and greatest '' but still powerful and stable graphic\/media app . thought a new graphic card would help improve video playback esp . preview in premier , which be choppy -lrb- but i learn to live with it -rrb- at higher re . bottom line if you be consider this card : 1 . it work on my pc with 250 stock power supply , no problem -lrb- thus far -rrb- although the card spec specify a minimum of 300w . ymmv . 2 . my dell be incapable of play any 3d game at all . it be capable now with full hardware acceleration . 3 . there be a definite improvement with video playback . 4 . install be a snap , however , you must disable the on-board graphic in windows system\/hardware before power down prior to card installation . and you must select pci card in the display graphic selection in you bio when you reboot -lrb- hit f2 repeatedly as windows be boot to access bio -rrb- if you bio version do not have autodetect . the dell dimension do have autodetect so this step be not necessary for i . 5 . although tech support be fast , excellent , courteous , and us-based , they be unable to fix a issue i have -lrb- see below -rrb- . no point off ... among the best customer service for a inexpensive consumer-level component . after install everything seem to work . there be a definitely a improvement in video playback as i would hope . however , when i boot up adobe premier there be horizontal dash all over the interface to the degree that the app would have be unusable . -lrb- this also occur with a old game i install on the system -rrb- . all other app be fine . searching the net , i do read a couple other post where this be occur with this card with premier . tech support at pny try everything and spend considerable time with i - to no avail . i be about to uninstall the card and return it ... and be disappointed because my old betsy of a pc be perform markedly better with this new graphic card . in a last ditch effort to correct these vertical dash i go into control panel - -rrb- setting - -rrb- advance - -rrb- troubleshoot . there i find a slider for hardware acceleration and move it to the middle which disable all directdraw and 3d hardware acceleration . that do the trick for premier -lrb- and that old video game -rrb- . fix . so if you be have this issue run premier -lrb- and i imagine after effect would also have this issue ... -rrb- there be you solution . unfortunately , on the dell dimension , this set disable the ability to play 3d game completely . so , i create a desktop icon to get i to the windows display setting . i leave full hardware acceleration enable by default , and i turn off hardware acceleration when work in premier . the only other caveat be that the horizontal dash rear they ugly head `` a little '' during some sequence when i be test a old 3d space shooter , freespace , which need full 3d acceleration as it be a 3d game . but it be not too bad and only happen during more intensive scene - a minor quibble . -lrb- system would not run this - or any 3d game before install this card ... -rrb- this be a lot of card for the money , and i be glad i purchase it . do what i want it to do . glad i be able to find a work around for the horizontal dash problem use adobe premier .
608	GraphicsCard	POS	5	do exactly what i want which be to run 2 of they crossfire . great product good on amd . extra word for fun
134	GraphicsCard	POS	5	of the 6 pcus graphic card i have experience with , this one perform the best . would prefer to use a different type , but on occasion i need to improve graphic performance on a pc that only have a pci slot . give the pci datum path limitation i would have to say this card be outstanding ; again , in relation to other pcus card i have use .
203	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i just switch out my old hot , loud and crappy ati 5770 that come with my xp 8100 . best upgrade ever . it be hard to get use to how quiet the gpu be . -lrb- i be use to the loud fan on the other gpu -rrb- . run everything on high\/ultra high . i get 60fp use frap on skyrim . very satisfied . would sli if my motherboard support it . i use the cooler master gx 650w for the psu upgrade as well .
205	GraphicsCard	POS	5	good video card , especially for a half height card but it will not run the new very high tech game that be out today . for most of the older game or general picture use it be great just will not keep up with the new high demand of the very new game .
307	GraphicsCard	POS	4	i buy this card to replace the onboard graphic in my 2 yr . old dell desktop . after see that some gaming rig come with this same card i think i would give it a try . work well with the 300 watt power supply . work fine with window 8 release preview have all the connector , hdmus , dvi can do vga with a adapter . if you be on a budget go ahead buy this card .
658	GraphicsCard	POS	5	receive product in good time and work great . packaging be great no damage to product . no complaint on this end .
692	GraphicsCard	POS	5	card be perform excellent at this time . graphic be great to look at . should give a year or two of life to this older rig . make sure you have a power supply greater than 450 watts if you do decide to get this card .
266	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i recently build my computer from the ground up . i run my game -lrb- company of hero , skyrim , mw3 -rrb- on maxed-out graphic , the card will overheat unless you have additional fan -lrb- i use cheap coolmaster blue led 's -rrb- and manually set the fan to around 70 % . -lrb- 100 % if you do not have additional fan -rrb- . the only time i have notice this vidio card can not keep up -lrb- run max out -rrb- be in the tunnel in skyrim , the screen tear . i will eventually run sli , that be the main reason why i purcase this 2gb version . evga have very nice tool for overclocking , change fan speed , and testing . these tool come with the card . i be very happy with this card i7 2600k corsair 750w psu dual dvi monitor
899	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i install this video card in my 2001 sony vaio pcv-rx850 apg slot . i power up the computer and voi la. . i open google earth and the difference be phenomenal . work with daz studio 4 and poser 8 , my system -lrb- xp , sp3 -rrb- do not crash nearly as often as it use to ` out of memory , program must close ' . these program work much faster with the new video card , presumably because of the additional ram on the card itself . for example , render time in poser 8 take half as long as it use to with the onboard sis 650_651_740 chip type : sis 651 rev 00 . i be very happy with this card .
892	GraphicsCard	POS	4	worked very easily attach a monitor to a netbook with no vga port available ... software install and run from sytem tray and not from the display property as most video card do ... that do throw i for a loop at first but otherwise a good product ... would buy it again if i need to
115	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this card be easy to install and setup have very good quality video . i have a old dell p4 computer and windows 7 do not support the on board graphi , this video card allow i to install windows 7 and run windows 7 on this old computer that only have a pcus card slot .
246	GraphicsCard	POS	5	buy this for $ 70 after rebate -lrb- get the rebate already -rrb- . this can be flash to use in hackintosh system . it be basically rename from 5770 version .
260	GraphicsCard	POS	5	installation of the card be fairly easy . hint : read and use the instruction which be a breeze to follow . there be many youtube `` how to '' video out there which may or may not work . we find the write instruction very accurate . the only problem encounter -lrb- specific to gateway sx2800-01 computer -rrb- be that we have plan on use the vga output to we monitor . unfortunately the vga connection cord on the card be not long enough to fit in the lower computer slot . however , we solve this by purchase a dvi to vga converter and just remove the vga connection from the card before install . one other issue to note be that that the short form bracket do not come with the card so if you expect to use this card in a short form computer you will need to purchase separately . overall the card have perform as expect . the windows 7 graphics score increase from 4.5 to 4.7 and gaming graphic from 3.6 to 6.1 . not a huge increase but this be a very low end graphic card so we be satisfy with the improvement . the main reason for the purchase my son want to be able to play guild war 2 which he be now able to at mostly low and medium setting .
793	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i would recommend this to anyone especially those with a low power supply pc . i have a warm time find a card that be compatible with my dell 530 inspiron with a 300 watt power supply . i be tell to upgrade my power supply but i plan on buy a new pc so it wouldnt make sense , i just want to use my dell for a while cause its only 4 yr old . i try nvidium card with dell which be say compatible and have to return they all even though nvidium be the card of my choice but this fanless amd be truly amazing . no fan noise except the one in the pc play game although it be not mean for game but im not a heavy gamer just exception so i try supreme commander and universe at war atlest 20hr gameplay a day just to see what would happen all on high setting run like a charm with no problem . the only weird thing be when i try to update the catalyst 11.6 to 11.7 it do but still show i 11.6 but all in all very great card well recommend easy installation low power consumption dell 530 inspiron compatible and low price and quick delivery by amazon before expect thanks much amazon .
17	GraphicsCard	POS	4	i have a xfx hd 5670 and it be a really good card for the money -lrb- 90 buck -rrb- and it run every game i can throw at it . but i be get sick of turn the graphic down to play game like battlefield 3 and it still struggle with 30fp . so i buy this card . this be the bast upgrade i have do yet !!! it be really fast , powerful , quiet , and stay cool . but u do need a lot of air flow from the side of the case to keep it cool . if you want to know it score a 7.8 weus . it run at ultra graphic with v-sync off on bf3 at 1600x900 at around 60-70fp which be phenomenal !! but be get sharp lag every few seconds ... that why i knock it down to 4\/5 star . i fix it by turn the game quality to high instead of ultra . but really ... double the fp make the game sooo much easier and the first night i have it i play a few hour on bf3 and go from lvl 26 to lvl 31 !!!! it be so much easier to hold the crosshair on the target now and be just so boss . temp idle -- 37c load -- 60c -lrb- with msus afterburner profile -rrb- i highly recommend msi afterburner for any graphic card . it keep you card cooler only when u need it and can oc and make it very quiet on idle this graphic card pull a steady 60fp in bf3 on high graphic at 1600x900 with v-sync off -lrb- v-sync lower you fp to the hertz of you screen ex . 60hertz screen = 60fp max -rrb-
292	GraphicsCard	POS	5	ok buy one of these badboy to replace my msi gtx 560 ti that suddenly die on i . this card be quite the improvement and definitely have i get the frame rate i be miss in my gaming for title such as battlefied 3 , crysis 2 , dirt 3 etc. etc. . note my monitor be a 27inch asus with its native resolution be 1920x1200 this card be perfect for gaming at this resolution . note you have to check out the performance of a card in relation to the resolution you play for and find one that be the sweat spot without break the bank . after firing up the rig this card perform well , then it happen ... the screen go bonkers , random crash to the desktop while gaming till eventual blue screen . so here i be freak out until i put in another card and no problem . thanks to amazon i do and rma and the replacement arrive and boy oh boy this thing have not disappointed i one bit !!! remember people it be electronics so anything can happen . i be a happy camper and you will be also with this card for all you gaming need !!
351	GraphicsCard	POS	4	use it to add a 2nd external lcd monitor to my wife 's laptop . one go out vga and one now via usb , so with the clamshell open , she have 3 display . simple install and configuration .
520	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i buy this after my old agp hd 3850 couldnt hold mechwarrior online properly . go for it because of the price , be not as expensive as the 7900 hd series and its in the middle of everything deliver a punch at video game . i be not a fan of oc , but ill be give it a try in a future when need , right now , this massive video card -lrb- be huge ! -rrb- can handle everything i throw to it at max video setting and at 1920x1080 resolution . you wont regret buying this card . sapphire be the way to go because it have crossfire bridge , pc connector and everything need just to plug in and start play . $ 10.00 difference only for all of it ; and of course sapphire brand make solid product -lrb- my old video card the hd 3850 have 5 year of intensive use at gaming , and never have a problem with it -rrb- i download latest vid driver 12.8 catalyst and hydravision driver . its sweet ! run very cool , at 50  c and at ultra setting on sc2 , mechwarrior online , diablo iii and world of warcraft . believe i , you wont go wrong with this video card . if you oc you can get even better benchmarks than the 7900 series but as i state before , im not a huge fan of overclocking . my system : core i5 3550 3.3 ghz lga 1155 asus p8h61-lx3 \/ si ddr3 kingston 8gb -lrb- 2x4gb -rrb- 1333mhz pc3-10600 sapphire hd 7870 ghz edition oc 2gb ddr5 -lrb- 1199-03-20g -rrb- omega 850 watt power supply wd 500 gb hdd hitachi 500 gb hdd ill upgrade case and motherboard in a few , the video card be so big that block 2 of my sata port so whenever i wanna install something , i have to open the case and switch the slave hdd for my dvd to be able to install some other stuff\/games . amazon and prime rulez , deliver in 2 day after buy it ! price be even better than at other known site .
214	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i buy this so that i could install  microsoft windows 7 ultimate  sparkle graphics card be do the job . very happy with it .
746	GraphicsCard	POS	5	order the card , get it about 9 day later . so far no problem with it at all . can run everything i play without problem -lrb- most intensive thing i have play so far would probably be metro 2033 . -rrb- not too noisy , but i be yet to get the fan up above 50 % so it may get a bit louder but that be to be expect .
808	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i have use this card for a while now and it work great . i think it be powerful , but you not go to be max out you game . that not a bad thing because on the other hand you not break the bank either . pro : great price powerful quiet con : not super powerful pretty big
764	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this prodcut will let you work with 2 monitor side by side and will split the screen . it plug into the usb port and it start work automatically . great for open to application on different screen with 2 computer
896	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i 'll make this short and simple for ya . just buy it ! no seriously . . ! this card be amazing . . ! ok yeah , i upgrade from a nvidium gts-8800 so it be a huge improvement from what i have . i be not much of a pc gamer so i do not feel the need to upgrade the video card until i start editing 1080p video . i be use vega pro 11 64bit and my poor nvidium card be not support . i have to use my cpu for render , and let i tell ya , it be painful ! 9 minute long 1080p video be take i ~ 45 minute to render . with this card i be able render the same video in less than 7 minute due to its gpu acceleration . ! i do run into a few issue with vega with this card at first due to a driver conflict with my older nvidium car . i end reload my entire pc because it be cause i lot of headache . after my reinstallation of window everything run smooth as butter . my psu be a 550watt and it seem to be run it fine . i would recommend something equivalent or larger . also this card be loooong . roughly 11 inch long , so you best account for its size before purchase . its very quiet , i can hardly hear it run even under heavy load . accord to gpu-z , this little gem use the reference cayman gpu . ! you know what that mean right . . ? no need for a bio upgrade to unlock it , just simply toggle the switch to the opposite position and booooyah . . ! 1536 shader available to ya . . install the trixx utility and change the clock to 880 \/ 1375 and voltage to 1115 and you 'll have yourself a hd 6970 for the price of a 6950 . this card be a fountain of win . . ! temperature be stay around 51c-58c under heavy load . .
216	GraphicsCard	POS	5	use winxp , this card operate flawlessly . i have be use boxee to sort and play video on my old fic samba 1845gv computer . in winxp , hd video processing can be offload to the geforce use a codec pack and compatible player . i be now use the latest beta driver from nvidia , and planning on try win7 that allow dxva -lrb- built-in video hardware acceleration -rrb- . i would recommend this card to anyone that do no have a pcie or agp slot and want to view hd video .
579	GraphicsCard	POS	5	very fast for the price , overclock like a champ ! 1k engine clock @ stock v. know that the stock voltage on this video card be lower than other 6700 1.2 versus 1.25
126	GraphicsCard	POS	4	i want to buy a new graphic card that would at least play skyrim on max -lrb- or at least close to max -rrb- setting on my new dell i buy in september . my old graphic card be barely cut it at all medium setting , and i be rather low on cash , so after browse on amazon i come upon this card . there be not too many review that i find on here or on the internet about it , but its spec be well beyond mine so i take a chance . for $ 120 , i could not complain if the card couldnt do my expectation , but when i finally get it i be pretty impressed . install seamlessly , and overclock without any problem . skyrim automatically set my graphic setting to all high when i install the new card , and even after i put all the setting on max , this card still run it at a aberage of 40-60 fp -lrb- 35 be the lowest , but only breifly -rrb- . my pc spec arent the greatest , but they be cpu : amd phenom ii x4 960t 3.00 ghz -lrb- overclocked at 3.40 ghz -rrb- ram : 8gb graphics : xfx amd radeon hd 6770 it bring my windows graphics card score from a 5.9 to a 7.4 , and this card can play any game i own at max setting at at least 35-40 fp , or high setting at about 50-60fp -lrb- more if v-sync be off -rrb- great card for the price , and a excellent budget card as a final note , if you like grpahic design or video processing , i do that too , and it process the video i make in hd format in a fraction of the time my old card do -lrb- original time : 2-4 hour new time : -rrb- \/ = 1hour and it doesnt even notice i wathciung video on youtube in 1080p
739	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i buy two of these card . these video card a bit shorter than my previous card -lrb- 4870x2 -rrb- which would not allow i to run battlfield 3 on 1900x1080 with ultra setting on my 27 '' samsung lead monitor . i have to run it at 1600x1000 on medium setting . use one 6950 card , i be able to run bf3 at 1900x1080 on ultra setting . everything run smooth ! this card have a bio switch next to the sli port . it be at default , but switch it towards the other end of the card and it will automatically turn on the 6970 shader of 1536 when you plug it in and turn on you comp . you will need about a 850 watt power supply if you plan on run two video card in crossfire . you can not use three of these in crossfire -lrb- wtf i just find that out -rrb- . if you could run three , you would need a 1000 watt power supply . warning !!!! dont rush into flash the 6970 model 's bio rom like i do . find the exact instruction for this brand and model . there be many 6970 rom flash instruction out there . google how to unlock you hd 6950 ` dirt 3 edition ' and use the link from forum dot guru3d dot com -lrb- amazon wont allow link -rrb- . these instruction be for this card . be a fool i flash another brand\/make 6970 bio rom and my comp 's monitor would not turn on during boot up , not to mention the usb mouse and keyboard not light up . if you experience this , then flip the switch back to the factory setting and you computer will recognize it . to bring you video card back to factory setting when turn the bio switch on , turn on you computer with the switch at the factory setting -lrb- bio switch off -rrb- . then while the computer be on , turn the switch on . then flash the correct bio rom for the 6950 2gb dirt edition . you comp will then boot up with the bio switch on and with the 6970 shader setting . i be also currently run a old i7 920 2.66 ghz quadcore overclock to 3.36 ghz and use 16gb of ram at 1600mhz .
394	GraphicsCard	POS	5	my crt finally give out , so i buy a flat screen but soon discover that the onboard video of my dell dimension 3000 could not provide the maximum resolution for the new 16-9 form factor . you have to download the new driver to get this card to provide this form factor and the max resolution . the driver on the cd do not do it . first physically install the card and then the new driver from the evga website . use type 6 and then choose driver 296.10 . then disable the onboard video driver in the device manager and shut down . then switch the display cable to the card connection . when you restart , the system should ask you which driver you want and you can select the new driver that you just install . i do not do this , and have to restart in vga mode just to get the driver install . when i connect the display cable to the card the screen be just black . i have to reconnect to the onboard video and disable -- but not uninstall -- the onboard video . when i reconnect the display cable to the card and restart the system auto-configure the monitor and i now have the 1600 x 900 resolution that i want . the color be clear and crisp . the evga support staff be very cooperative and help i to locate the correct driver but they and manual really do not give exact instruction about how to get this do .
25	GraphicsCard	POS	5	so here 's my story . . i recently purchase a 27 '' hp ips monitor -lrb- zr 2740w -rrb- that have 2560x1440 native resolution -lrb- which be fantastic btw -rrb- primarily for photo editing . i previously have a 1080p monitor , but i have to zoom in too much to deal with my rather large image from my sony 24mp slr camera . the gt 240 video card in my dell xps 8000 computer drive the new monitor ok , but struggle quite a bit try to run any game -lrb- crysis -rrb- at native resolution -lrb- or even 1080p -rrb- . so i decide to look for a new card that would 1 -rrb- fit inside my dell 2 -rrb- play game at 1440p . i research online extensively , and initially choose a gtx 560 ti card . but i discover read various forum that this card would not drive 1440p very well . i then be lean towards a radeon 7950 or 7970 , but the dimension of those card would be extremely tight in my case . so that lead i to the gtx 670 . most site recommend the 670 ftw edition from evga , so that be what i order . the card arrive quickly -lrb- thanks amazon prime -rrb- , and i install the card along with a new corsair 800w power supply . it be a tight fit for sure , and i have to move my hard drive to a different bay to make it work . the card be at least a inch longer than the gt 240 that be in it before . besides the tight fit , installation be fairly easy , and load the driver be painless . once i get my pc run , and loaded crysis to test it . wow . pretty damn cool . the gt 240 give i choppy frame rate at 1080p -lrb- medium -rrb- . the gtx 670 give i super smooth gameplay at 1440p -lrb- high setting -rrb- . i can not tell you how good a game look in 1440p , but it definitely make i feel better about drop money for my new monitor . then about 15 minute into the game , my computer get white ` spot ' all over the screen and freeze . wth ? i have to do a cold reboot . later on , i run the ` oc scanner ' utility to run some benchmark test , and again my computer freeze . in total , my system freeze 5 time in 2 day , and i be start to get frustrated drop over $ 400 for video card that freeze my very reliable computer . i read more forum online , and discover that several people have have this issue with the 600-series card . i start regret my purchase , but keep research online for solution or ` fix ' . so far i have uninstall the nvidia hd audio and 3d driver , enable software control on the fan in precision x utility -lrb- its not enable by default -rrb- , and set the fan curve more aggresively . i do not know if this permanently will prevent freeze up , but i do manage to play crysis for almost 3 hour yesterday without issue , so hopefully this work long term . if it do , than this card be absolutely fantastic , and i could not ask for more graphically speak . if i continue have issue with the card , than the card be not worth the headache . i 'll give it a 5-star rating -lrb- base purely on performance -rrb- for now , and update the rating if the issue continue . hope this help !
925	GraphicsCard	POS	5	arrive on time ; my computer be up and run in five minute and look good ! great product for the price .
623	GraphicsCard	POS	5	build quality , performance , noise and overall . 1 . build quality : i have the impression that the shroud be make of hard plastic but its actually make of metal . give it a premium feel plus add protection - the card look amazing in person , red stripe on charcoal , beautifulu 2 . performance : my game be starcraft 2 , skyrim , torchlight and a few which be not as demand as crysis 2 and metro 2033 . this card play all of they flawlessly -lrb- some high , other ultra setting -rrb- - this be on stock frequency , after overclock it to core850\/mem1980 - playing be even betteru 3 . noise : i make my own fan profile . my tolerance for the noise be up to 75 % , my case : fractal r3 have sound dampen , not sure if its still tolerable in other case . you can hear the fan but no blow dryer effect , for i if you dont want to hear anything then go full liquid cooling . i like hear it a bit because i can tell at which part of the fan profile it be hence have a estimate of where the temp be without the in game osd monitoring . 4 . overall : exceed my expectation . be choose between the 580 ds or this , have slus be something ive always dream of have and 2 580 's would have be great but i go for the match color of the 570 ds to the rest of my rig , and experience it first hand - i cant wait for my other 570 ds to arrive ... im a very happy customer , thank you amazon and evgau
193	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this be a excellent video card to replace a oem card . my video go out and so i have nothing on the screen . research card and determine this to be a good  evga geforce gt 520 1024 mb ddr3 pci express 2.0 2dvi\/mini-hdmi graphics card , 01g-p3-1526-kr  i do not play video game but this card would probably work for the average game . it do 3d , have directx11 support . for a basic video card you can not beat the price and it come from nvidia , a trust manufacture of high quality video card . have 3-year warranty . it do speed up view on my screen as it have twice the memory as my old card . and the image be very , very sharp . watch youtube with no flickering or buffering at all . great card for a great price if all you want be basic card with some basic gaming .
38	GraphicsCard	POS	5	48 hour and thus far work we great , very quite and cool . intel mb , azza case , i5 processor . . temp idel be in the low-mid 30 . use primarily for fsx .
231	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this gpu be so efficient compare to the nvidia gpus -lrb- especially my gtx280 this card be replace -rrb- . it be more powerful than my old gtx280 but it draw much less power and generate less heat . at first i be a little hesitant to migrate from nvidia to ati just because it do not have `` physx '' . but after play some game that support `` physx '' , i actually do not notice significant difference that i could notice immediately in fast-pacing game . one note that , the driver be a bit buggy in windows 7 . under low stress , the bottom of the screen would flicker when scroll -lrb- ie . when browse the net -rrb- and it be somewhat annoying if the computer be use for web browse regularly . however , if the card be under high stress -lrb- ie . play game -rrb- , the bug seem to disappear . give that i install this card in a gaming machine , i do not feel this as a big problem . but people who use they computer for web browsing , or light office work , might want to consider this too . as far as asus directcu ii cool system , it be huge -lrb- even larger than the card itself -rrb- , but it do cool the card very well . it stay in somewhat low rpm even under load so it be not too noisy . temperature be in the 30s under low load and get up to 70-ish under full load -lrb- card be overclock to the maximum as well -rrb- . bottomline , other than the driver itself , i could not complain about this card .
288	GraphicsCard	POS	5	bought 4 of these card , work like a charm . in 4 way slus , can run three 27 in monitor at 7680x1440 without any problem . the card run cool , just fan speed at 85 % be a tad noisy . the power cable be in the middle be abit odd and ugly but i do not care . the power be awesome . can push bf3 at max setting with frame rate 60-70 . min frame rate hit 40 occasionally , but that be when u be kill in a explosion .
958	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this graphic card be nicely price . it be easy to install and work very well . there a some occasional hiccup , but overall i be satisfied with it as i be use it with a older desktop that have the agp slot that feed internet to my hdtv screen .
339	GraphicsCard	POS	5	idle at 35c in my watercooled full tower with 6 600rpm 120mm fan besides the fan on the radiator . i can not hear it over the radiator fan . never see the gpu get over 78c . dvi and hdmi work fine , have not try the displayport . run battlefield 3 just fine , absolutely murder my girlfriend 's wow , and every other game i have try work fine . so do cuda . worth every penny .
225	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this be a great video card . i be very pleased with it and would recommend it to anyone who need a card for gaming
271	GraphicsCard	POS	5	use with xp and beyond . i get it to work with windows 2000 after a lot of hunting and configure a driver but i would not recommend it . for the money the performance can not be beat .
433	GraphicsCard	POS	5	pro : simply the best perform card on the planet . it be a monster . ability to run quad sli ! con : high performance equal high price . run a little hot , but not bad . if you be look for the best graphic card available , do the research . it will point you directly to the gtx 295 . evga should give you peace of mind to spend the dough this bad boy be gonna cost .
1	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i have have this card for a month so far and i buy it mainly so i could play the new tribes : ascend on max setting without any worry -lrb- which this card do just fine . i get a steady 30 fp even in high-action environment -rrb- . i think i might have some trouble get it to work with the 525 watt psu that come with my alienware aurora , but it work great . there be only one negative thing i have notice since i get this card , and that be it be big . it take up two pcie slot in my alienware aurora case , so i have to remove my wireless network card -lrb- i use a wire connection anyway , so it do not really matter -rrb- because i want to keep my sound card install as well . all in all , it be a good buy . just know that it be big .
769	GraphicsCard	POS	5	we continue to work on go paperless . the adapter have give we the ability to be able to set up additional monitor to do so . works well for we department . thank you .
295	GraphicsCard	POS	5	my old emachine t6520 run fully up-to-date xp come with a graphic chipset on the motherboard , and its display ability be start to flake out . any old graphic card would have improve it , but on the grounds that overkill be always enough i buy this one base on user recommendation . it work fine . my big hp monitor no longer go black on i with `` input signal out of range '' message , and there be no shadow image offset by 1\/4 '' from the main display on the screen . what be not to like ? somebody in a negative review of one of these geforce card claim a dvi adapter and s-video cable do not come with the card even though they be describe on the box and on the item page at amazon . wrong : mine come with both , but it be true i almost miss they . i think the unhappy buyer open the wrong end of the box , as i do ; the adapter and cable be push into one of the fold cardboard box-end reinforcer . easy to miss . i do not come across mine until i be about to throw the box out and wonder why it seem just a bit heavier than i think it should .
953	GraphicsCard	POS	5	excelente eleccion . la tarjeta trabaja al 100 % y lo que mas i gusto e que es agp . la marca es reconocida y se puede comprar sin ningun temor . el precio i parecio muy bueno y el envio rapido .
457	GraphicsCard	POS	5	the merchandize arrive very fast . the charge for shipment was very low the video card be more than expect thanks amazon for a great service jose
992	GraphicsCard	POS	5	use it to bump up a older dual xeon machine -lrb- 2 x 2.0 ghz 32bit -rrb- . make a world of difference . use it for almost 2 month now with not a problem . i would buy it again if i need another .
647	GraphicsCard	POS	5	after several day of read review here - i finally go with this card for my older dell xps desktop . the dell amd install card be just horrible consider xps be suppose to be they `` better '' gaming type system . i only play wow and web surf . this video card jump my frame per second -lrb- fp -rrb- in wow way up . in 25-man raid with spell graphic set high , i be maintain 45ish fp and in stormwind around 80fps . that be a huge improvement over the original card . one issue i have with this video card that actually make it make a very annoying cycling noise - be the fault of the dell xps case . above the card there be a metal crossbar that lock into place over the video card on the motherboard . well due the much larger size of this card compare to the original amd card - the crossbar when install now compress the new card down to much and cause the annoying noise . after a week of wait to see if the noise would go away on its own - i open the case back up and just remove the crossbar all together . now its perfect - no noise at all ! also as one reviewer say - ensure you power supply have 2 free 6pin power connector - the card will not work with only one . great card overall without break the piggy bank - and if have a older xp system - this be great way to boost its performance and extend you system life .
354	GraphicsCard	POS	4	works well with xp . not the best with window 7 but do work . will run aero on window 7 . hd video skip on win 7 . hd video run smooth on xp . small driver issue with with window 7 depend on you monitor . if you try to squeeze performance out of a old system with a pcus input and stock power supply this be a cheap way to get by .
552	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this card be the best graphic card i have every own period . it annihilate any game i through at it . even the most gpu intensive game like metro 2033 , battlefield 3 , crysis 1 & 2 , & witcher 2 . and even better it be one of the most quiet card ive own also . i have the 6990 before and it sound like a lawn mower . i can recommend this card to anyone , hand down . sure a 580 slus will beat it by @ 10-20 % more performance in some game . but a what cost $ 1000-1100 for 580 slus . best thing be this card come with warranty that even cover overclocking ! wow !
212	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this graphic video card work very well . i have a 23 '' screen , and i have need a good video card , only on a pcus slot . i ` t a nvidium chipset so it be a reliable product .
965	GraphicsCard	POS	5	everyone once in a while one of those video card come out that can overclock like mad and hit much above what it be suppose to . . at stock 7850 be actually pretty weak for a $ 250 card consider its next-gen . it be better than the somewhat cheaper geforce 560tus but not by much . and it be slightly slower than 570 . to make thing worse it be not really much better than the previous gen radeon 6950 . but the thing be amd have deliberately underclock the 7850 . that be because clock for clock the 7850 be only about 5 % slower than the 7870 . and the 7870 be a $ 300 + card . surely , they could not allow the 7850 to have the higher 7870 clock . here be the deal if you overclock this card it would pretty much lay to waste most video card this side of the gtx580 . and here 's why : 1 . 7850 scale very linearly with clock . that mean if you overclock by 20 % you real-world performance in game jump by 20 % . 2 . 1050mhz -lrb- 22 % overclock -rrb- be pretty much guarantee . there be not a single 7850 on the internet that could not do 1050 mhz . 3 . i get one of the bad sample and end up with a `` bad '' overclock of 1100 mhz 24\/7 stable . along with memory over clock , i get 25-30 % increase in frame rate compare to stock . 4 . at those speed the 7850 sail past the 570 and give the 580 a run for its money . its just unfair to compare it to the 560 ti now . a lot -lrb- but not all -rrb- of card hit 1200 mhz . beyond that the scaling be less linear . from 1200 mhz you 'll only get a few fp for a huge increase in temps\/power . simply put overclocked this really be the best video card at $ 250 . if you do not you be throw you money away . and there be no reason why you should not . if you be not overclock you be miss out on 30 % free performance . please my friend , read up on overclocking and make the best of you money !
689	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this video card be awesome . run everything max would out , and super cool -lrb- sub 70c -rrb- the entire time . i actually can play two game at once with both hit v-sync cap , which be awesome when you like mmo 's .
536	GraphicsCard	POS	4	love this card , this thing can play the latest game without break a sweat ... literally , the heat off this thing be minimal . professional user that rely on cuda and iray trace beware ... the precision float processing on this card be significantly lower than that of a gtx 580 . -lrb- nerd that do big computation on they gpu may be a bit disappointed , yes there be more cuda core the core just do not handle as many float point -rrb- and those that want enhance performance on autodesk 3d studio max and such will be sol untill nvidia fix they iray program for the new kepler chip . other than that its a wonderful card , but the deficiency catch i a little off guard as i expect next generation to be better in all situation ... some forum suggest nvidia have do this on purpose to boost sale of they quadro and tesla card ... : p say it aint so ! note : one other disappointing thing be that if you enjoy the software badaboom -lrb- gpu enhance video transcoding -rrb- you will be sad to hear that badaboom do not support this chip , and will not be release any new version for this ... : -lrb-
596	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i be satisfy with this product so far . the performance be great , bf3 on ultra run great and i have not have any problem with other game as of yet . easy to install and very quiet , this card be definitely worth the cost .
855	GraphicsCard	POS	5	pro : very fast card for the old agp slot ! easy to install ! driver on include cdrom work just fine despite what other review have say ! no stability issue to speak of ! cosmetically the card look great ! high stock clock and can be overclocked quite high ! gddr3 memory be the only way to go ! con : card require a powerful power supply of 450 watt 30-amp minimum , i recommend a 500 watt 35-amp or better psu . card require two molex 4-pin lead from psu to function properly . this card be very long and as such will not fit in minus tower , full tower only ! other thought : the bottom line be that they no longer make card for the agp slot . and if you do not want to throw a bunch of money into build a new system , this be you best bang for buck card to keep that older agp system current to the time . i have a first generation single core amd 64-bit pc which i soon plan to upgrade to dual core because the new bio on my asus board support they . when install this card , i have to move my hard drive to a lower slot in the bay because the card be so long it extend to the front of they . i use the driver that be on the include disk , they install fine . i have have no instability issue or driver issue since . and i test this card with fear with all option max out , and all i get to say be wow ! time to mop the deck with some hozer online : p consider the 3850 come out not that long ago , you will be pretty current with this card and should keep you system go for a year of more till you next upgrade . i be happy with my purchase !
553	GraphicsCard	POS	5	nice so far . replace a 128 mb 32-bit card . card work great in a all nvidia system , msi mobo with a triple-core amd processor , 64-bit xp and 6 gb ram . the color be incredible in comparison . be play aoe online and the color just jump out now . the game also take less than half the time to boot up . old video card need replace . note that this card do not have a fan . load this chassis down with fan at build so cooling be not a big issue . have not really have a chance to look at the specifics of the card , run temp or how it be affect the temp of processor . will review runtime performance and edit this if warrant . works great after two day . hopefully i 'll be sing the same song two year from now .
891	GraphicsCard	POS	5	the sapphire radeon 6870 be a amazing graphic card ! it get the job do . i can play crysis 2 easily with max 30 + fp . any other game it destroy ! remember that you do need a 500w + power supply so keep that in mind when buy a new graphic card . this be a easy install and run very cool .
832	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this video card be on the performance limbo between 6870 and 7850 , faster than 6870 and slower -lrb- by little to no margin , ej 1fp less on bf3 all max out on some benchmark -rrb- than 7850 . still price wise this be a real steal , its huge which its the only con i have find so far , but the performance be simply amazing , i trow everything i have at this card , stalker -lrb- old game , yes , new high def mod install though -rrb- , borderlands , mass effect , gta , tf2 , wow , company of heroes , starcraft 2 and a lot more , all this card do be laugh at i while say `` be that all you have get ? '' no need to overclock , frankly there be no need to , crossfire bridge ? no need for it either . i can stay here all day long speak how amazing this card be , but the bottom line be , this card will do what you want it to do , and much more .
544	GraphicsCard	POS	5	it be brand new from the box . it work great and it just need new driver from the website nvidia.com . it arrive on time as expect . thank you amazon !
426	GraphicsCard	POS	5	be a excellent video card ... but you have to be aware of previous video card software ... they might interfer in you ati radeon performance ... i recommend unnistal previous video card software , and then install the new one ...
569	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this card be still either having driver issue or just a bad and slowly die card . crash all the time in game and have issue do simple thing like window score . over clock be very low compare to other with this same card . will be buying another one soon and will compare the two and see whats going on . be sure to read all the comment on here . as of 3\/27\/2013 i have increase i rating and the comment will explain .
49	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i order it recently but i be already make a review ... cause i want to know if i be receive the one with a hdmus port on it and i do not want the s-video type ... ok ? hope there be a reply for i from amazon ok ? ... thanks
895	GraphicsCard	POS	5	what can i say other than the title ? this card have play any game i have throw at it without issue . crysis 1 and 2 , l.a. noire , deus ex : human revolution , starcraft 2 , dragon age : origin , mass effect , batman : arkham asylum , darksiders , and the list go on . i be somewhat hesitant to get it when i do because nvidia 's and ati 's next gen card be about to come out -lrb- or be come out -rrb- , but i be glad i do not bother wait . i especially like that this card come with displayport 1.1 , so its future proof -lrb- though i would have prefer 1.2 -rrb- . my hp zr22w -lrb- 22-inch lcd @ 1080p -rrb- can run at a 72hz refresh rate use the displayport connector .
347	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i build my pc for gaming , and it just work great . this video card have a great performance . the graphic be just amazing , i can play the newest game and wach every detail . it be incredible . this be my pc : motherboard intel dx79si intel 3930k processor intel thermal solution liquid evga geforce gtx 580 classified ultra , 3072mb creative sound blaster recon3d thx pcie fatal1ty champion sound card corsair vengeance 16gb ddr3 1600mhz pc3 12800 quad channel cmz16gx3m4x1600c9g -lrb- x2 = 32gb -rrb- western digital caviar green 2 tb desktop hard drive wd20earx corsair professional series gold 1200-watt 80 plus gold certified high-performance samsung sh-b123l \/ rsbp internal dvd-writer corsair obsidian 650d aluminum mid tower atx enthusiast computer case - black cc650dw-1
154	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i move away from ati video card for the singular reason of video editing . cuda make all the difference in such a experience , especially with hd video . this card , with it be add cuda core -lrb- over the standard gtx 560 ti -rrb- be quite pleasant to work with . i use adobe premiere , and while the 560 ti be not on the normal `` accept '' list , you can easily add it so premiere use it anyway . i have be do this for several month without any problem . i be also a gamer , and in this respect , the video card do not disappoint . all the newest game run just fine at the highest setting , and one and a quarter gig be plenty for anything other than a extreme 3d workstation setup . the cooling solution be not perfect , but it be not too loud , and it do not run too hot . some overclocking be possible , though i have not yet test the outer boundary of it . i be go to wait until summer be in full swing to make sure i do not loose stability as thing heat up in my house . this card be a great balance of speed , cuda core , and price , and should fit in the budget for any gamer or video editor .
238	GraphicsCard	POS	4	it have dual bio but the extra shader will not unlock . try all know way to unlock plays bf3 at ultras setting and stay very cool . the card be a beast
673	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i just upgrade from a already good card - a amd msi twin frozr 2 6950 ... put the old card in my wife 's pc along with she 6950 to crossfire ... i do benchmark against she rig to see if she last gen crossfire setup could defeat my current gen single 670 ftw ... i be please with my result . run heaven against she rig with crossfire off -lrb- one card vs one -rrb- i see that i have nearly if not double the performance out of the new 670 ftw edition . wow - my score double ? hell yes . then i put she rig in crossfire - let 's just say that while she rig do defeat mine in overall score , my rig do win in stability and consistency . my experience in the upgrade be smooth as far as upgrade go . i run three display off of the single 670 ftw -lrb- not for multus monitor gaming - just other display with stuff on they -rrb- and it be easy to install and setup . gaming be amazing . while i think i have a good experience with the last card , max out game be just that much easier and smoother . i run everything amazingly well - blacklight retribution especially feel great . battlefield 3 will obviously run great . let i just say that with the new feature like adaptive vsync and gpu boost that this card just feel robust . it can really take you gaming rig and make it feel solid . the card physically look great in the case also . just have to mention it because i hate the way some of the 670s look from other manufacturer . while it have near reference cooling , it keep the card cool . who need two fan ? meh - i pay for performance more than i do for gimmicky fan - and performance be what you get . this package be worth every penny . if you do not want to spend 400 buck well that be cool - get the 660tus that just release . at 100 dollar cheaper you do still get some good performance . however - if you at all plan on upgrade to sli do not get the 660tus . you will appreciate have the most reasonable single card performance you can get . go ahead and save that extra 100 and get the 670 ftw . upgrade to slus later if you need it , or just wait until next year . i be sure they will release the 700 series card and blow this out of the water in 6 to 12 month . i plan on get a second 670 ftw . why ? i know i just say that i play everything at max , however i like to mod game like skyrim . skyrim with all my enb modding drop to below 20fp in the worst condition ! wow right ? yea , but it look amazing . i want to try and bump it up to 30 at least ...
921	GraphicsCard	POS	4	no driver come with this card which be disappointing . i know this be bare bone but it would not break the bank if you supplier include a cd with a driver on it , they be cheap and light and would not be see in shipping cost . get this card if you think you can find the correct driver for it , i get lucky this time and be able to make this card work , but it have be my experience in the past that a lot of card like these only work with the original driver and anything else make they crash . the graphic and color i think look more vibrant on my monitor than my old card and the game and video work well , no over heat issue and it be very quiet and the best price you will find anywhere . 4 star because no driver include .
729	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i have be incredibly satisfy with this card . it run really really well -lrb- in spite of my terribly slow processor -rrb- and give i well over 60 fp for almost all game -lrb- except any bethseda game , for which i get 45 , as they be more cpu intensive -rrb- . recently , my computer stop work . i be not sure if it be the graphic card or the rest of the computer . honestly , though , even if it be the graphic card that break , i would still be happy with my purchase . it be well worth it , even if only for such a short time .
708	GraphicsCard	POS	5	tengo ya 2 semanas de estar usando mi configuracion crossfirex hd6870 sapphire , pero he tenido mucho problema con lo driver , la pc se congela constantemente indiferentemente el juego que este usando , espero encontrar una version de driver que solucionen esto problema , pero a nivel de hardware , las graficas , son muy silenciosa para para estar en crossfirex y cuando esta al 100 % de su capacidad , siguen siendo aun mas silenciosas que mi antigua radeon hd 3870 , las temperaturas no sobrepasan lo 75  c. usandola individualemente son muy buenas recomendadas , pero para los que quieran hacer un crossfirex que se prepara para unos dolorcitos de cabeza con problemas de estabilidad , pero el rendimiento lo vale , en general el rendimiento e superior a una solo radeon hd 6970 y en algunos casos el rendimiento es igual al de una radeon hd 6990 o nvidia gtx 580 de $ 600 .
893	GraphicsCard	POS	5	run with : i7 2700k ,16 gb corsair , crucial m4 . this thing just rip every game i play to shred . i can play sc2 with graphic max out on 2560x1440 resolution and still get 100 + fps . best thing about this card be i order it early and get it for only 499 !
438	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i buy the gtx 670 2670-kr model and last about 2 week . please buy this model -lrb- 2678-kr model -rrb- i do not hear any problem at newegg website review for 2678-kr model . i see the benchmark at youtube and gtx 680 and 670 be almost same performance . but gtx 570 and 580 make a huge difference .
814	GraphicsCard	POS	5	just before purchasing of a new card i do a extensive search on forum and review site to find a card that will get i through another 3 year of gaming . previous experience tell i that new card should be in $ 300 - $ 400 range . cheaper stuff get outdate too fast and more expensive card might buy you some extra fp today , but when the technology leap again they will become as obsolete . i do not believe in sling in the future , but i be consider get two 1gb 6850s to flash they to 6870 and put in x-fire today . similar money , similar or better performance in some game . but at the end i have decide to stay with one evga 560 card - less heat , less noise , easier to install , no need to worry about scale and 20 % more effective memory , which might come handy in 1080p . 2gb 6850 be also a valid competitor , especially with good cooling to overclock , and with dual bio switch to up it to 6870 -lrb- not all model can do that -rrb- . for multi-monitor or 1080p + resolution atus would be the clear choice with 2gb of memory , but for 1080p resolution i have stay with 560 - slightly cheaper , better performance out of the box , physx support . so the real contender here be gtx560 ti classified _ ultra _ . standard model be base on gtx 480 pcb , ultra be base on 580 pcb . standard model have open dual fan heatsink , ultra have single fan exhaust , which be also slimmer . the later will not cool the card as good , but it take the hot air out of the case . if you have tight case or plan to sli - get ultra card . if you only use one card and have good air flow in you case - standard classy would be a better solution - it be cheaper and easier to cool . let i reiterate - gtx560tus classify blow air towards pcb and exhaust it back into the case . if you leave it alone , the hot air will rise and get suck back into the card start a overheating cycle . each case be different , but what i find the best in my lian-li mid tower be to revert the fan on top , so it blow inside , install the card as close to it as possible and use ventilate pcus slot cover . this way i create positive pressure in the case , which be always good anyway , get additional air flow direct at the card and push the hot air outside through the back . the result be artifact free 920mhz core , 2200mhz memory and 40\/70c operating temperature with -lrb- 50 % fan speed . that be what i call a good value !
950	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i can not wait to play borderlands 2 on it . it run cooler than my old gtx570 . 4 gig of ddr5 to play with , i be in heaven .
92	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this really be a amazing video card that deliver what it promise - just do not let the expectation of rebate money influence you buying decision ! other reviewer allude to problem get rebate from sapphire , and that have be my experience as well . be aware that if you make a mistake on you rebate form and be deny , in most case , there be no appeal process - one strike , you out ! i take away one star on my rating for my lose rebate ... -lrb- 18 buck ... i have plan for that money ! -rrb-
503	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this card deliver incredible performance ! i just upgrade from a nvidia geforce gtx 570 in my sub - $ 1000 gaming rig build -lrb- push up to $ 1100 by this upgrade -rrb- and be totally satisfy . this card be killer , outperform the gtx 570 by about 10fp on max setting 1920x1080 in battlefield 3 and benchmark article show it outperform the gtx 580 by 15-20 % in most game -lrb- at about the same price ! -rrb- . also supposedly draw much less power than the previous gen of top-tier card so you should save on electricity bill vs a gtx 580 or radeon 6900 series . give the way amd and nvidia have be stagger they release , these top-tier card price do not move much over time . notice how a 1 + year old nvidia gtx 580 still sell for almost 85 % of its debut price . no-brainer to get the best card you can afford because you can sell it a year later and get the latest greatest without spending much more . if you want to see the rest of my build , check out -lrb- ... -rrb- . build it all with part and deal off amazon !
942	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i want to add a 2nd computer and this work great . just plug and play . it sure beat get a new video card .
39	GraphicsCard	POS	4	if you plan to use this video card with sony vegas pro 11 , stay away ! it do not appear to work . i have to return this card ... bummer , because it be get some amazing spec ! there be a thread start at nvidia 's forum : -lrb- ... -rrb-
79	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this be a great video card . plays all game on max setting without even break a sweat . the 670 gtx 's be out and about in full force , but if you can swing a few more dollar to get this , i would . i be not say anything bad about the 670 's ... they be a good chip . and the 690 gtx 's be a dream . wow . i have be a pc gamer since the early 90 's and this card will be great for i , for the foreseeable future . happy gaming all .
282	GraphicsCard	POS	4	purchase this card in may 2012 . switch the bio and no unlock shader . put the position back to stock , read the bio , modify and re-flash to the secondary bio , still same result , no unlock shader . still a good card though , but do not expect to unlock it unless you can get you hand on a older revision of this card .
57	GraphicsCard	POS	5	excelent product , why pay $ 100 more for a 7 % extra power of the gtx-680 ? mid price for top performance card . beware : 1 - you need a case big enough to house this card , its not monster size but its not short either 2 - a reputable brand psu with 2x 6 pin pcie power connector and by a reputable brand psu i mean that you common `` 1.2 gigawatt , make in china '' psu will not be able to provide the juice necessary to power this puppy stably . 3 - good case cooling .
677	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i purchase this sparkle geforce 8400g 512 mb ddr3 pcus with native hdmi graphics card to replace my deteriorate 2005 windows media center 32-bit pc graphic card . i swap the old evga graphic card with the sparkle geforce 8400 g , i start the pc , and window 7 automatically recognize the change , and download geforce 8400 g driver from the nvidia website . i then right click my computer\/properties\/device manager\/display adopter , disabled the old evga driver , and of course enable the new geforce 8400 g driver . the hdmi port be work well with my 30 '' monitor and thing seem to be work fine . the pc performance have increase from 1.5 to 3.9 and the aero be work . however , i have not see much improvement from switch to hdmi and the booting of the pc seem to be a little bit slower than before . the computer fan be much quieter and i hope the thickness of the card will not cause a capacitor sit right under it to overheat . as at now , life be great .
140	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this card can run max payne 3 on full detail -lrb- dx11 mode -rrb- @ 1600 x 900 at a solid 45 + fps . \* note \* can not run higher resolution because game limit graphic by amount of memory on card . arkham city on max setting @ 1920 x 1080 -lrb- dx11 -rrb- with fxaa on high , tessellation on high and everything else max , smooth 50 - 60 fp -lrb- vsynch enable -rrb- . crysis 2 @ 1600 x 900 -lrb- dx11 patch and hi-res texture -rrb- on ultra setting and average 48 fp -lrb- 1920 x 1080 be possible but not as smooth , around 35 fp average -rrb- . use very little power when not gaming and scale incredibly well in crossfire -lrb- nearly 95 % , so almost double the performance -rrb- . two of these card will trade blow with a gtx580 , which cost around $ 460 - $ 500 . also , great over-clocker -lrb- at least mine be -rrb- . i be happy with it and will be order a 2nd one in a few week . the best card you can get for under $ 130 . my system spec : cpu : amd phenom ii x4 965 @ 4.31 ghz -lrb- 15.5 multiplier x 278 fsb @ 1.495 v -rrb- ram : 8gb kingston hyperx ddr2 1066 @ 1112 mhz mobo : asrock a770de + cpu cooler : cooler master hyper 212 + -lrb- push\/pull -rrb- case : nzxt gamma classic psu : seasonic x560 gpu : saphire 7770 @ 1175 mhz core \/ 1535 mhz memory -lrb- 6140 mhz effective -rrb-
110	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this card need three cable from the psu for power ! count the number of video card cable you psu have before use these in slus
452	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i buy this video card to use with my dell docking station with my dell d620 . i can now play my video game -lrb- doom 3 , cod 2 , kotor i and ii , f.e.a.r. , nwn with full graphic detail . this with windows 7 - the property on the card show 512 meg dedicate video ram , with 763 share ram , make this a over 1 gb ram video card . i love it , and highly recommend .
402	GraphicsCard	POS	5	great video card for the older computer . works well with windows 7 . great video company . product be a excellent price value and be deliver ahead of time .
69	GraphicsCard	POS	4	my wife purchase this nvidia gtx 560tus video card for i to replace my nvidia 8800gtx . i play the new game skyrim and think that i would be able to crank up the option to `` ultra '' . the auto detect in the game give the new card a `` high '' when the old card only have a `` medium '' on the scale of `` low '' to `` ultra '' . my frame rate at the auto detect display quality stay about the same , i have `` v-sink '' enable , so both top out at 60fp , and neither go below 30fp . then i customize the set to the `` ultra '' level , except for shadow quality , anti-aliasing , anti-scopic filtering which i put on `` medium '' , 2 , and 4 respectively . at this point the frame rate with the new gtx 560tus be better than the 8800gtx by about 60 % use a third party app call fraps to gauge the two . next i change to option for shadow quality , anti-aliasing , anti-scopic filtering to `` high '' , 4 , and 8 respectively and the 8800gtx just about beg for mercy , although the 560tus handle the change with frame rate from 20fp to 60 + . this be a nice graphic card , i be not as pleased with my upgrade from the 8800gtx to the gtx 560tus as i be then i go from my 5900gtx to the 8800gtx .
651	GraphicsCard	POS	5	sapphire radeon hd 7970 oc 3gb ddr5 hdmi\/dvi-i\/dual mini dp pci-express graphics card 11197-01-40g  the price be $ 449 when purchase -lrb- now $ 479 -rrb- . i buy mostly nvidia , but i really want to get something with more than 2gb of vram . i want to go high end current gen this time around too . stock be low on the 670 and 680 , i be ready to buy . go from a gtx 480 slus setup to this card . i be usually 2 generation behind . could not be more pleased with this purchase . so much power in one card . overclock out of the box , dual bio , and a top notch dual fan cooling system . so quiet even with the side panel off . really impress with sapphire and amd 's tech together .
914	GraphicsCard	POS	4	first the card : replace a outdated but surprisingly capable radeon hd 5830 that could still play everything near full at 1600x1200 . but near be no longer enough so i spring for the `` great deal '' in the 680 's little-by-1 \/ 2 '' brother , the 670 ftw . quote on great deal for the fact high end card seem to jump $ 100 every 2 year . it be perform well as expect -lrb- see tom 's hardware or such for benchmark , it run everything max -rrb- but do not overclock well at all . the cpu be unstable at more than a 10mhz offset in precision x and the memory get about 100mhz . i be not run it overclocked because there be no need but i want to know how much headroom it have , and it be little . it be louder than the radeon but not loud . the card sit 3 ' from my head so that be important . my case and cpu fan be rate 17-19 db so normally the hard drive be the loudest thing , this be a bit louder , maybe 25-30 db . if you have air conditioning on in you room you will not hear the card though . now the concern : evga have cut down it be warranty at the knee , from lifetime to 10 year to 3 year in 2 or 3 `` generation '' of card . they no longer cross ship . they no longer pay shipping to they . instead they want to sell you extend warranty and - get this - ship protection in case you return you card . yes they will let you pay now for ship you dead card later and the only way it would be worth it at they price be if the card die a few time . the warranty also require a involved registration process to be complete within 30 day . needless to say this throw up red flag as to what kind of failure rate they card be get nowadays that they will no longer stand behind they . if xfx still make nvidia card i would have promptly exchange this for a black edition with a double transferable lifetime warranty that they actually honor . there it be , my gripe be one common to most industry - cost cut means support cut - and evga have move into the `` value card maker '' realm of support . of course , the card be price lower than factory overclocked offering from gigabyte , msi and asus , so maybe `` value card maker '' be exactly what they want to be now . just know what kind of back you will get .
114	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this card work well on older pc that only have pcus slot on the motherboard . it have be work well without problem on my windows xp media center edition pc . it can play older game , such as roller coaster tycoon 1 and 2 . unfortunately game that be graphic hog will not work with this graphic card . otherwise the card work very well
635	GraphicsCard	POS	5	handle my 2560x1440 27inch monitor at 100hz like a champ . i upgrade from a gtx 470 and couldnt be happier . it be not heat up my room anymore ... lol love it . it handle everything i throw at it .
963	GraphicsCard	POS	4	i would like to give a proper review of this video card so that people know what to expect when they drop over 250 usd on a piece of equipment . first off , let i give you the specification of my system so that you have something to reference : - nzxt zero 2 full tower case - kentech 950w power supply - asus m5a88-v evo motherboard -lrb- amd chipset -rrb- - amd fx-8150 8-core 3.6 ghz oced to 4.1 ghz - g. skillz pc14900 ram 2 x 4gb 1866mhz -lrb- 8 gb total -rrb- - evga gtx 560 ti -lrb- ftw -rrb- 1.25 gb gddr5 320-bit sli ready - asus wireless pci card - 1tb 7200rpm 64mb cache sata 6 gb hard drive - cooler master hyper 212 heat sink w \/ twin 120mm 2,000 rpm fan - 8 cooling fan total - asus 24x dvd-burner - windows 7 home premium 64-bit when i open up the box and take it out , the first thing i notice be how large the card be . obviously , if you plan on use slus then be sure to have a large case with plenty of room . do not use a mid-tower case with this card or you will run into problem . i have a full tower case and still have to make room for it . if you have lot of fan , be sure the wiring be do properly so that you have little trouble install . also , note that you power supply must have at least 4 molex -lrb- 4 pin -rrb- connector free and able to reach near the pci slot in order to power this thing . this card use lot of power and it be a good idea to make sure you will be able to both fit the card and wire it properly . i use the two 6 pin connector that come off of my power supply since all of my molex connector have fan attach . now let i go over what i think be the biggest problem with this card and what seem to be a issue for some people . once everything be ready to go and you have all the latest driver install , pop the disc they give you into you dvd drive and install the program call evga precision x. this handy program allow you to easily manipulate several aspect of the video card include the speed of the fan , the speed of the memory and the voltage . this be almost a must since this card generate so much heat . the automatic fan control be not great so you will need to utilize this feature in order to get the most out of this card . i test this card with several game , the newest be new vegas . i max everything out in the nvidia control panel and all the setting in the game menu . i have absolutely no problem with the frame rate and there be no lag at all . my previous video card lag at the highest setting , even with a amd fx-8150 but this new card work flawlessly . i also test crysis and diablo 3 . all work great ... just sit idle this card can run at over 120 degree fahrenheit if you do not manually set the fan speed . if you max it out , it be loud . you will notice it . i usually set it at 70 to 75 % when watch video and max it out when play game at full hd . if you do not have loud speaker then the sound of the fan may interrupt you gaming experience , so be warn . you can maintain a ok temperature at lower speed but to get the most out of you card , try to maximize air flow with additional fan or set it to max rpm when stress it . all in all , this a great choice if you look to save a few buck . it do have some issue with the fan though so if you do not like noisy fan then it be not for you .
532	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i be fairly new to pc gaming , so i get my foot wet with 2x 560 , so after decide that i like it , i decide to get a couple higher end gpus that would be good for a few year because i do not plan to build or swap component too often , so i go with 2x 680 card . i consider purchase 2x 580 sc or classify , but find out the 680 be come and would be a bit better , require less power and quieter to operate and i would not have to upgrade my psu -lrb- corsair ax750 -rrb- to run both card over clocked and with a over clocked cpu , which be one of the feature that grab my attention . first off , i do not care about who be king -lrb- i.e. 680 vs 7970 -rrb- ; i will leave that to those that care as it be not a competition to i . i can not compare these card because i have never own the 7970 , but it be a significant and worthy upgrade from the 560 . my setup be not complicate and do not require the sc -lrb- can over clock reference card if need -rrb- , ftw , 4gb or the hydro version , so i do not care about they nor have all the bell and whistle ; all i need be the basic reference version and with 2 of they all game run exceptionally well with all setting max -lrb- crysis2 , crysis , batman ac and bf3 -rrb- with no problem . all i care about be do they work for i and the answer be a definite yes . i do not plan to go 3d or surround ; only use one monitor at the moment 1920x1200 -lrb- fp be really good -rrb- , but will upgrade soon -lrb- 2560x1600 , hd monitor ??? -rrb- . over clock these card be different than the previous generation card , but not hard at all ; just add what additional amount of gpu clock or memory clock you want on top of the standard clock . ex . if you want 100mhz more core gpu clock than standard , just add 100mhz and you get 1106mhz -lrb- 1006 + 100mhz -rrb- . the 680 be dynamic - mean the various clock speed change base on the scene in a game ; if it do not require lot of power , it down clock and vice versa . so use the clock example above , the 680 will fluctuate between say 340mhz and 1106mhz during a game as need -lrb- note : these figure be for illustration purpose only -rrb- . one thing 680 owner need to know be that you must create a custom fan curve to keep temperature below 70 \* and definitely below 80 \* to keep the card from down clock ; these be the trigger point at which the card will drop performance -lrb- see link below -rrb- . if you leave the fan curve on stock setting , the card will reach 85 \* and it will down clock accordingly -lrb- i.e performance may suffer -rrb- . the 680 will perform differently on different system as no 2 system be the same , so remember that when you see someone claim a benchmark score much higher than yours - always check they system spec -lrb- water vs air , different cpus , oc would cpus etc. -rrb- . as with anything new , you have those early adopter that be have issue with the card , but that seem to be the norm with new technology until thing get iron out . then you have those that just complain and whine about every little nicky picky thing , so you need to tread very carefully when read review . all the review site i have read show these card as be top notch , so some of the issue may be with the individual 's system or immature driver -lrb- bet on the latter -rrb- . bf3 multiplayer seem to be the game most be hope run nicely with this card from my reading , so far the game be very fluid -lrb- single campaign -rrb- for i and graphic be really nice , too . no problem for i . not a multiplayer yet - remember i be fairly new to this stuff and learning . i turn off all those aa setting in nvidia control panel so that i can set they in the game 's menu . i can not tell you what to buy , but i can say that these card be not bad at all and will run the game mention above very well in slus with the right build . with slus , i just leave the card at stock setting , max all game setting for game play and over clock for bench only . for i , there be just no need to overclock for game right now . my 3dmark11 benchmark score : 130-155-400 -lrb- most stable clock -rrb- p16157 x7077 positive : low fan noise low idle temp -lrb- 31-32 \* -rrb- low peak temp with custom fan curve -lrb- 66 \* -rrb- . ax750 psu run sli easily sli - automatic max setting in all game lightweight only 10 '' long negative : fan speed cap at 85 % voltage cap at 1.175 v system specs for reference : case : haf 932 psu : corsair ax750 mb : asus p8z68 v pro cpu : i7 2600k @ 4.6 ghz ram : corsair vengeance 16gb - 1600 gpu : gtx 680 slus cpu cooler : cm 212 evo windows pro 64 bit -lrb- ... -rrb-
385	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this product do what it say . i get it for work purpose so that i do not have to keep splitting the screen to compare document side by side . i now be able to view 1 document on each screen and drag and drop any window that i have open between the two screen . the only downside be that the monitor that i have run off this adapter have funky color , depend what be on the screen . anything that be light blue will show up as a bright aqua color . also another thing i notice be there be a tiny delay on anything i be viewing\/moving on this same monitor . keep in mind i be use a older flat screen monitor , which could be the reason for the color change -lrb- i 'll update my review once this monitor die -rrb- . also the delay might be from the ram or something . the desktop computer i use at work be a few year old . but i do love it and the ease of hook it up . and i love that it do what it say . i would give 5 star if not for the color problem and delay .
230	GraphicsCard	POS	5	when i first buy this graphic card , i originally buy it from amazon but they send i a bad product so i have to re-order from newegg . thanks for that btw , amazon . since get this card to replace my aging gtx 560 ti -lrb- ftw -rrb- , i have be most pleased with its performance . the 560 ti could not run most game at 720p on high setting . at would lag and frame rate would drop dramatically . the gtx 670 ftw edition smoke the 5 series card . with over 1,300 core and 2 gb of memory , you will not need another video card for year . hell , by the time this card be outdate , you could just get a second one and you have enough power to last for 2 more year and only spend half what you do prior . i highly recommend spending big on you first real video card . i get this one for 400 usd but i also get a good deal from newegg because i receive coupon for free copy of assassin creed 3 and borderlands 2 . performance be off the cart . the temperature be steady and when you use evga precision x to control the fan speed automatically , you never have to worry about the temperature rise above 120 degree fahrenheit . plus , it be quiet . it will not disturb you while play the more non-intensive game like turn base strategy . there be only one downside to this card and i do not count it against it at all really . the card be large in size so you must have a larger style , or full size tower case to fit this thing . also keep in mind that it require two 6-pin connector from one of you power supply rail . make sure you have a minimum of 750 watt of power available to you . the newer power supplies should have no problem support two of these baby . i 'll see you all on the digital battlefield !
221	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this be a monster of a card for the price compare from the stander 570 by vega that come stock with roughly 1.2 g of gddr 5 ram . for 50 dollar more you can get this edition come stock at about 2.5 gig of gddr5 ram double the original ram . the processor speed be relatively close to the geforce gtx 580 with a slightly lower texture filter rate then the geforce gtx 580 but with the cost of the 580 be around 600 $ + or the insane geforce gtx 590 sit around 800 - 1000 $ all in all this be a very competitive card for the price . this card will be able to play to play the most current generation benchmark game right now like bf3 with vary high setting if not max -lrb- dependent upon the component in you pc -rrb- . this be a top of the line card with out the overwhelming price for the moderate to high end pc gaming enthusiast and i highly recommend it . i may give more detailed info on the card run temp and power consumption in the future as i see fit . if i do not update this review then i dont see any reasone to warn you about either of these concern issue p you go to be look for roughly a 600 watt psu -lrb- aka power supply -rrb- -lrb- it ask for a 550 watt but you might want the extra leeway -rrb- capable of put out 38 amp encase you wonder of the kind of power you will need and it require 2 6 pin power addapter -lrb- plea do not get mad for the most likely know knowledge . i be im only say this because the geforce 580 require a 8 pin adapter with a 6 pin and the 590 2 8 pin adapter and a 6 pin finally nvida spec chart on the geforce 570 , 580 , and 590 if you intrest -lrb- ... -rrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- sorry apparently link do not show up if you want to see the comparison you will just have to go the the nvida main site www.nvidia.com if you really intrest you could find power consumption comparison chart online somewhere hope this help
440	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i buy two of these card for crossfire , and i must say they be the best perform card that i have ever have . very nice graphic and very fast card .
262	GraphicsCard	POS	5	easy to install and set up despite vista . i must admit i be experience with atus product and make sure that i uninstall all of the previous ati driver and software -lrb- no way around it ... or you 'll have problem -rrb- . the install software work fine and update itself without a problem . now my older asus socket 754 machine with 8x agp do video and most game almost as well as my athalon 64 x2 machine with pcie video card . a good buy if you be try to get some extra mileage out of a older agp board .
542	GraphicsCard	POS	5	buy this card a few day ago and it be work flawlessly . i replace a two year old sapphire radeon hd4870 which could not handle dx11 game to my liking . this card have exceed my expectation so far . couple quick tip when do any card installation . download the latest driver for you new card prior to uninstall the old card . i then remove my old driver prior to install the new card . i also remove any special software the old card come with . put the new card in , clean out the case while i as at it , and boot up . install the new driver , restart , and be good to go .
505	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i order this card to bring my pc up to par for vista media center and aero interface . it have exceed my expectation . it bring my video rank to 3.0 make my computer a respectable gaming system even with a single core processor . it also bring my aero ranking to a 2.6 make it respectable for high end application , which i will never use . hidef video play flawlessly . i be a very happy customer .
574	GraphicsCard	POS	5	update 10\/14\/2011 . in the 2 week i have run my evga 590 i have have several people contact i via email on my profile with question . yes , it do show up in sisoft sandra as 2x580 's sli'e and not a 590 -lrb- at least my version of sandra - later version may learn to recognize the 590 card -rrb- . yes , i have run the 3dmark11 demo on the card and its goregeous , but no i will not make this a video review because that would mean cut the 16:9 down to amazon 's 4x3 format for review and super compress the datum to fit amazon 's video limit -lrb- the hd output file from my pro 3ccd camera be huge -rrb- until the quality of the original be go . i shoot the 32mark11 run 1920x1080 with a 1920x1080 camera carefully allign on axis of the monitor , exit the sound with fiber and go fiber to xlr into the camera 's line input for sound to produce a avchdpro file of the demo . if you be serious about the card and want to really see the stunning hd video then please email i - i may convert the avchdpro into avchd and then setup a download site on my server for the hd datum that you can watch in window media player at 1080x1920 , as it be mean to be view , with full stereo sound , but limit to people who have a system that warrant view hd , so please include you system config and i 'll reply with a download site \/ password if there be interest . there be 2 3dmark11 demo - the submarine and the jungle - with fulll lighting and smooth motion it be eye candy . -rrb- original review below : i buy my geforce 590 after upgrade a oem system which come with a geforce 2xx series to a geforce 480 now on craigslist with 1 year of use . i be amaze at the performance difference . the upgrade to the 590 have 3 time the memory , 1024 cuda core -lrb- essentially it be two gtx580 's sli'ed in one card - it also need 4 ea slus power cable to run , along with a 850w p -rrb- . i do a lot of nle video editing -lrb- hd 1080p\/1080i -rrb- and the 1024 cuda core really chew through hd video in a short time . the 590 be the bleeding edge , so there be some thing to keep in mind . first , you will need a power supply with 4 -lrb- four -rrb- of the normal 6 pin slus connector . the 590 come with two adapter - each take two 6 pin slus 's and make a 8 pin plug that fit one of the two 8 pin socket on the card . both socket must be fill for the card to work , so you will need 4 ea 6 pin slus 's or 2 ea 8 pin nvidium slus power cable to run the 3gb\/1024 processor graphic card . second , you will probably need to make a bio change . i lose my digital audio output - in fact i lose all audio output ! - basically you must go into bio setup and change the motherboard audio from `` auto '' which choose the dvi card to `` motherboard '' or just `` on '' \/ `` default '' . my mobo be factory set to auto and once i switch it per the nvidium knowledgebase -lrb- very good btw -rrb- it find my optical audio output and headphones\/6 jack on the back . go from the 480 to the 590 also be a cleaner card . the fan on the 480 be smaller than the 590 . through the 590 's fan you can see the expensive japonese low-esr capacitor . it be basically a computer in and of itself . it will still require 2 slot - the \/ 16 slot along with the next card over for the fan , which be now in the middle of the card . on my 480 i get 3 monitor , however one use a micro hdmus , along with 2 dvi 's - on the 590 you can have 4 -lrb- yes four -rrb- monitor , and now they use the more robust mini-display-port instead of the micro hdmus which do not sag or bend the connector . get 4 monitor on a single card be pretty impressive -lrb- 3 dvi plus the minus display jack -rrb- . installation be easier with the 590 as there be no heatpipe extend above the card , as with the 480 . i will post a picture of both card on the static free foam - the 480 be in the foam and the 590 be remove from the foam with the larger fan . altogether , the 590 be simply the best graphic card -lrb- imho -rrb- on the market today . it be like have 2 580 's sli'e inside the same box . gamer will no doubt be thrill with its performance . note however that this review be for october 2011 . com soon to a store near you will be the evga nvidium 600 with performance and price exceed the 590 . video and photographic user will find that the adobe cs5 package use the 1024 cuda core in such a way that the program be lightning fast . it be a very good investment in upgrade a old computer .
522	GraphicsCard	POS	5	the sapphire radeon hd radeon 7870 oc be the perfect overall match . a sapphire low power consumption , a modest oc , gaming max at 1920x1080 or lower , newest series and a amazing price . i have two small con , when run high end gaming the fan be medium noise level . note i be complain about medium fan noise not high . i run my nzxt full tower at low fan speed . when a high end game start run you can hear a boost in the gpu 's noise level . i have hear of game issue 's with the new 7000 series , but i have not run into any and from what i have hear they should all be patch in time . i would not be surprise if this gpu could run game on high at 2560x1600 and would definitely easily do it with crossfire . a lot of tech seem to underrate the performance of card . my radeon 6770 run a native 1680x1050 , but it be able to handle 1920x1080 at high setting and catalyst overscan to make the display fit the screen , it could even run ultra , but performance would take a small hit and i be sure it would have overheate with extend play if i have do so . my last complaint be catalyst do not have a power consumption section which be strange because my radeon 6770 do . the real seller be the price 300 with oc . main competition be gtx 570 superclock at 280 . twenty buck less , but big power consumption difference , probably longer , older model , worse performance . radeon 7870 oc be better and ultimately cheaper . when add the cost of a higher cost psu and higher power bill you easily get you money back . very satisfied and will crossfire when the price drop even more .
991	GraphicsCard	POS	5	ok , so i will start by say that i previously have a 6870 and promptly buy a 7870 when it be release . that be a big mistake . in fact , even own the 6870 for so long and just accept the problem with the driver and slowdown in game be idiotic of i . so , i think i get a bad 7870 because of the blue screen , freezing , slow performance , yada yada , so i get another one . same problem . i get feed up with amd and see this card be just release . so , i get it in hope that it would solve all my problem . it do , and it even solve problem i do not even know i have . i always expect that slowdown and stuttering be just normal with graphic card in some area . even in game like skyrim the framerate would drop to 40 or even 35 sometimes with the 7870 . hell , i buy the 7870 to get rid of the same issue with my 6870 . but finally , this 670 gtx make my game run smooth as silk and have a stable system be amazing again . i can not believe i ever jump on the amd bandwagon , and i do not think i ever will again . so , now i will review the card . this evga card come nicely package with everything i need . i like how it have two dvi slot , whereas my previous card seem to have replace one with displayport . the design look like a vhs tape , and i be concern that it only have one fan . however , it seem to not matter in the end when i oce it . this card be fast and quiet . let i emphasize how quiet it be ... you rarely hear it over you normal pc fan . my 5870 sound like a jet take off and my 6870 be a little better , but this thing outstanding as far as noise go . as far as performance go , it handle pretty much anything you throw at it so far . it be a little slower than the 7870 somehow in crysis and crysis warhead , and i have no idea how that be possible . in every other game , it destroy the 7870 i previously own for a few week . the driver be amazing ! i be so happy to not have to deal with any sort of driver not respond issue , blue screen , etc. . those thing become second nature to deal with when own a amd card . finally , everything just work like it should . i install the driver that come on the cd and have not even look at they since . the game all run so smoothly , even when they dip below 60fp . seriously , 40fp with nvidium driver and 40fp with amd driver be not the same . amd stutter and it be not smooth . nvidia be smooth , so i do not have to care if my game be dip below 60fp because i do not notice . i overclock the card and test the stability with the program provide on the cd the card come with . i have to register to download the app to test the stability , but it be not a big deal . overclocking be a little confusing with the boost , but i just take a stab in the dark and set my base clock to +100 mhz and memory to +200 mhz . it seem to be stable after 1 hour of stability testing . i hear there be issue with increase the voltage , but i do not have to deal with that . the clock speed vary widely with this card depend on activity and if the boost be on , but it deal with it flawlessly . this card be the best card i have ever own . the bottom line be that it be a great price for what you get . why get a 580 gtx when this have 95 % of the performance ? it stink that they can not provide enough stock for the card , but it 'll be worth the wait if you can .
444	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i never write review . but this card be amazing . i be very skeptical at first , spend $ 400 + on a ` lottery card ' as people be call it . but with the new update from asus this card have be golden . oc have it a little with no problem , have not push it very far yet . i can play all my game on super high setting , there be shader and particle i never know exist ! i be in love . definately get a second for slus when i have extra money . love it !!
179	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i get this card through amazon to replace my ati x1550 pro that be in my desktop previously to get the full gaming experience from my desktop and notice a difference right away . my pc 's processor be not nearly work as hard , when i go into the system 's option on doom iii the auto adjust go from high quality to ultra high quality without batting a eye , and the graphic seem more life like like than it do before with alot more detail . i have decide rename my card to ati 's bavc3850hd -lrb- big -- video card 3850 hd -rrb- with emphasis on the `` a '' due to the size witch be at least 5 inch bigger than my ati x1550 , my case be able to seat with no problem but would not try put this baby in anything less than a full size atx tower due to it be size . need two 4 ide pin power plug that will fit into a adapter that then plug into the card itself to power it . atus say the minimum be a 450w psu but i would use at least a 500w psu -lrb- mine be a raidmax 630w -rrb- . i do not bother with the driver cd that come with it but instead download they from -lrb- ... -rrb- along with the 8.12 patch for vista and before swap card i have remove all the previous driver , load the driver in windows xp the process take about 2 min in windows vista it take about 20 min -lrb- this include the 8.12 patch -rrb- when do it do look great , just take alot longer to load in vista . overall , a excellent card and well worth the upgrade but as most reviewer have mention this will most likely be agp 's last solid upgrade before ride off into the sunset , as of this write ati be the last video card company to make agp card but i doubt they will for much longer since all mobo manufacture have turn over to pcie , they will probably all but be go by 2011 . this last upgrade will at least give i another year or two before i have to replace my aging base intel 865 perlk desktop -lrb- i have originally build in september of 2003 -rrb- . system specs : p4 3.4 ghz socket 478 , 1 mb cache processor intel 865 perlk mobo 4gb of ddr1 400mhz pc3200 ram 680w psu 300gb ide hdd 24bit 5.1 creative sound card edimax wi-fi card 1gb intergrate intel nic ati radeon hd 3850 agp -lrb- replace ati radeon x1550 -rrb- windows 7 ultimate sp1 -lrb- 32 bit -rrb- update march 29th , 2011 : i have pass this pc rig to my son with the above system specification as above and it still play almost about 90 % of the game out there with excellent gaming quality . the windows 7 index give this card a 7.0 -lrb- out of 7.9 -rrb- for performance . it be amazing the longevity this card have give this old rig . update july 13th , 2012 this rig have now be pass on to my daughter -lrb- my son get a new desktop for christmas of 2011 -rrb- and still work like champ with this card , i have now have this desktop total of 9 year and work great . never think it would last this long !
62	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i just finish building my new computer . i install the hd7950 and now i be able to play all video game with everything max out at 1920x1080 . my frames-per-second -lrb- fp -rrb- rate be always greater than 30fp . i cant wait to buy another hd7950 for crossfire . the graphic card be also extremely quiet .
119	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this product be perfect for i - upgrade to a 2005 pc - work perfectly with windows xp and ubuntu\/linux 10.04 and upward . it offload the cpu and enable the system to have more capacity . i be unable to say how much gain i get but i can definitely `` see '' it . i do not play game where the 3d be use . i only view you tube stuff and video clip from news report , use wmv and html5 etc type of video . with windows i have to download the driver or load the cd for the driver . for linux the system automatically load the require driver when boot . how simple be that !!!!!
587	GraphicsCard	POS	5	ever since i switch from a desktop to a laptop , one of my two desktop monitor be leave unused as the laptop 's graphic card could only connect to one of they at a time . this be a acceptable scenario , as i could just use the laptop 's screen as the second monitor in the setup . however , as time go on , i want to do something with my unused desktop monitor , and i find this device . it will not work without the proper driver , which come in a cd . because my laptop do not have a cd drive , i quickly find the driver on the startech.com website -lrb- easy to find driver -- another bonus ! -rrb- . as soon as i install they and plug in the device , my unused monitor spring to life for the first time in month . the image quality be great , but not perfect . i occasionally see wavy line on the monitor connect by the device , but these line be only visible when i be try to find something wrong with the display . plus , base on what i have read , mild image issue like that be to be expect and be likely a limitation of usb external graphic card . finally , the price of this adapter be great compare to other offer similar resolution . i would recommend this device to anybody .
269	GraphicsCard	POS	5	first of all , i be not sure why anyone would buy the normal gtx 580 when this one be the same price !! anyway that be really not important , what be important be that this card be awesome . i basically purchase this so i could play skyrim on ultra and it have far exceed my expectation . i be actually play the game now with the skyrim hd mod that have even higher resolution texture and there be still no slow down . i be come from a gtx 285 and i do not think i would need to upgrade for a loong time but i guess that time have come sooner than expect . basically , if you be wonder if this card be worth the price tag , yes it be .
753	GraphicsCard	POS	5	exactly what i need . use to add 3rd monitor use windows xp . arrive early , follow instruction and within 15 minute be up and run . have already recommend to co-worker .
983	GraphicsCard	POS	4	i try to play phoenix r\/c pro flight simulator and realflight g5 on my p4 , windows xp sp3 , 2.0 mhz , 2.5 gb ram , pc with no look . everything really slow and unplayable . replace my old video card with this one and i be shock for the price and both flight sims work great . they where playable . realflight g5 take up some memory but phoenix r\/c simulator run with no problem . this be a great deal and can save you several 100 's of dollar on a new pc .
494	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this thing can run just about anything at max setting with little effort . i can run wow in windowed mode while watch a blue ray on my 2nd monitor and surf the web at max setting and still get 60 + fps . same go with every game i have throw at it . total overkill for most game but soooo worth it if you love gaming and want to play at the highest setting . now i just need to save up for a 2nd one and set it up in sli . not sure what i would do with it , but it sure would be cool . -lrb- :
76	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this video card be awesome . rates a 7.8 in windows 7 and be noticeably well construct . i have buy a gigabyte 6850 video card and keep have the driver fail and blue screen despite try different driver . needless to say i send it back . hope that be be not immature driver for this series i decide to buy this card by sapphire base on the review and up-close picture of the product show its sturdy construction and elegant style . since install , i have not have any problem even with it overclock . i will never buy gigabyte again . have nothing but problem with 4 motherboard by gigabyte and now the video card . goodbye gigabyte . hello sapphire !
639	GraphicsCard	POS	5	go on a month since i buy this graphic card and im really just enjoy myself , have the time of my life . definitely one of the best investment i have put into my pc .
894	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this graphic card be powerful and more than satisfy my need . it be very easy to install the software and set up . just plug into you motherboard , load the software and you be ready to go ! i would recommend this product and this seller to all . a + + + +
650	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i need a card to replace my aging hd radeon 4770 . this be the card for the job . use this card i be currently play skyrim at max setting with no hiccup . i recommend make sure you have a power supply of at least 500w before purchase . also this card be large , be sure you have enough space .
843	GraphicsCard	POS	5	excellent value . high end . big card use two pcie slot . well make . excellent graphic display . quiet fan .
392	GraphicsCard	POS	5	well i luck in to get this video card . seem impossible for the msrp . i be able to get it on amazon for $ 509 . its not the brand i want but it all use the same board . super shipping take 7 day to arrive . look like they be basically fill order while i wait . i would recommend pay $ 10 extra for shipping . the packaging appear to be open as well . the factory seal sticker have be remove . the card be still seal in the static resistant film though so i guess no one really unpackaged it . this thing be awesome though . 2nd best video card next to the $ 1200 gtx 690 . buy it if you get achance !
492	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i recently purchase a new computer with integrated graphic . i know from past experience , and from read many review , that a `` dedicated '' graphic card be better because it can `` think '' for itself , take nothing away from ram . true , the radeon hd 4350 with 512mb may be toward the low end of the scale as graphic card go , but since i be not a gamer i be pleased as can be with it . with excellent color , clarity and response time it do everything i could possibly expect and then some . it be price right plus it have a dvi connector , something my pc do not have . for those who might be on `` fix '' income or some kind of budget and still want a few bell and whistle , then i would recommend this graphic card . advantage : you will not have to up grade you psu if oem be in the 300 watt range .
766	GraphicsCard	POS	5	arrive on time and be easy to install . only problem be when i go on-line to find installation instruction , all i find be in russian . fortunately , i be able to proceed without they .
248	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i upgraded\/switched over from a ati hd 5770 because it simply be not cut it anymore , graphically speak . my friend also order a graphic card 2 day after . -lrb-  msi computer video card - n560gtx ti twin frozr ii 2gd5 oc  everybody know that the msus 560 ti twin frozr ii be one heck of a gpu , but guess what ? this card smoke he by 15-20 % minimum . he be so mad that he do not listen to i and get this 448 core mack daddy ... lol i be a big amd fan for many year , but the whole driver support situation with they be just ridiculous . there be so many problem with so many different game that i just could not take it anymore . i research this purchase religiously for over 2 week before i make my decision . i be go to get the exact same card as my friend , but 2 day before my purchase i read about the release of this product . after i learn the difference and do some cost\/benefit analysis , this be the clear winner . pro : 1 . this card only run 5-8 % slower than a 570 . for it to be call a `` 560 ti '' be nothing short of a marketing campaign , because it literally have nothing in common with that card . these be the same chip that the 570 's and 580 's use . the 560 's be a totally different chip design . 2 . this card have 448 cuda core -lrb- shader -rrb- vs the 560 ti 's 384 . the 570 be nothing more than a 580 with one cluster lance off , this card be a 570 with another one lance off . it be a new card , but it be base on a win and highly performance orient design . plus , for the 560 ti to achieve the performance that it do , nvidia have already overclock the heck out of it . there be not a lot of room for overclock it . 3 . for those of you who be not into the overclock scene or who simply wish to do no harm to you gpu , it come factory overclock by the most excellent people over at evga . they honestly have the best customer service i have ever deal with . with a 3 year warranty , excellent customer service , and a step up plan for down the line , you can not beat evga . 4 . price . this be the best value for a 560 ti 448 that you be go to find . this be right at msrp . and if you want to step up to a 570 , they be up to 340 now !!! you get 5 % less for 20 % less than a 570 ! con : 1 . these card be pretty much just card that could not cut it as either a 570 or 580 . for whatever reason they be reject that be go to get toss if nvidia could not find a use . after they accumulate a quantity of the `` reject '' they think up this `` limited edition '' idea . the default voltage be one indicator this be exactly what happen . my default voltage be 1.013 . i get on the evga forum , and voltage range from 1.000 to 1.075 default !!! if that be not the definition of a binned product then what be !!!??? do not get i wrong , these card be put through rigorous quality testing before they make it to you . this be a good product inspire by bad one ... lol 2 . although this card have 1280mb of vram , it still be not the 2gb that other card offer . games be already hit upward of this limit , so be conscious of this if you like play on ultra setting ! 3 . this be supposedly a `` limited edition '' release . if you be plan on add another card in the future , you better get it now or do without . another 560 ti that be not a 448 will not work in sli with this card . that severely limit upgrade potential in the future !! 4 . as far as support\/drivers be concern , this be a brand new product . there be only 2 driver that will work with it right now , 1 be a beta , and they both suck !!! the driver on the disc give i way less performance than the beta do , but the beta have all kind of little `` beta-like '' bug . so far so good with this product . honestly , the performance be more than i be expect . i order my card within 5min of they available for purchase here on amazon . there be not near the review that there be now . i be pleasantly surprise at how well they be overclock . on stock voltage\/fan it be stable at 930 core \/ 1860 shader \/ 2250 memory at 1.013 v. the highest i have overclock with raise voltage be 1050 core \/ 2100 shader \/ 2550 memory at 1.063 v. it have give i almost 20 % bump in performance over the factory overclock . not too bad !!! basically i have only be limit by the head the add voltage add ! i be happy as a pig in crap !!! buy this card , or you will end up with a overprice or inferior product . best deal in town !
267	GraphicsCard	POS	5	run every game at max out setting 1080p no problem . i will say this though while play game it be not noticeably faster than a custom 7970 like the sapphire dual x oc . i have problem with my 7970 and switch . i expect a bigger performance increase due to all the hype do not believe it they be both amazing videocard . if you can grab a aftermarket 7970 for around 450 $ i would not wait for this . unless you run frap the whole time play all you game you will not notice the difference . bf3 , witcher 2 , metro 2033 , diablo 3 , crysis 2 , be the game i try with it . system : i5 2500k xfx xxx edition 850w psu asrock extreme 3 gen 3 mobo 8gb 1600 corsair vengence ddr3 ram
184	GraphicsCard	POS	5	pick up two of these card , as my 4 yr future proofing project . and let i tell you , unless something remarkable come out push the limit of pc gaming ... this card be awesome . i be able to run battlefield 3 , crysis and batman on ultra setting with a 26 inch monitor on 1080p push 60 fp . bottom line ... if it be graphic performance you want , get this . card go up to 34-39 under heavy load which isnt bad . the only downfall of the card be the the fan when kick in sound like a aircraft take off . other than that ... highly worth it . my system spec ... 2 x corsair vengeance 12 gb -lrb- 3 x 4 gb -rrb- = 24gb 2 x sapphire radeon hd 7970 1 x ocz technology 240 gb agility 3 ssd - 3g sa 6.0 gb-s 2.5-inch solid state drive 1 x western digital caviar green 1 tb sa iii 1 x intel core i7-980 processor 3.3 ghz lga-1366 -lrb- bx80613i7980 -rrb- intel core i7-980 processor 3.3 ghz lga-1366 1 x corsair hydro series h100 extreme performance liquid cpu cooler -lrb- cwch100 -rrb- corsair hydro series h100 extreme performance liquid cpu coole 1 x evga intel x58 and ich10r chipset eatx ddr3 800 lga 1366 motherboards 141-gt-e770-a1 evga intel x58 and ich10r chipset eatx ddr3 800 lga 1366 motherboards 141-gt-e770-a1 1 x cooler master cosmos ii full tower case 1 x enermax maxrevo series emr1350ewt 1350w atx12v 4 x cougar cf-v12h vortex hydro-dynamic-bearing -lrb- fluid -rrb- 300,000 hour 12cm silent cooling fan
147	GraphicsCard	POS	5	if you be debate between the stock version of this card or the ftw card definitely go for the ftw edition . the ftw edition have a full length pcb while the reference design -lrb- stock -rrb- have a shorten pcb . with a full pcb you have extra cooling advantage and more high overclock . right now i get a nice stable overclock with the power target in between 125-130 % with +100 mhz gpu clock offset . with that i get a clock speed of 283mhz over stock . 1289mhz for core clock . stock speed on gtx 260 benchmark test : 54fps stock speed on gtx 670 benchmark test : 140fp get 148fps same test with this overclock . -lrb- roughly 28 % overclock -rrb- another benchmark to help show how good this card be : call of duty mw2 and call of duty mw3 get about 90-92 fp across 3 full hd monitor . -lrb- 5760x1080 -rrb- max every setting . the card run cool . in my system idle about 45 degree and about 70 with full load and overclock . you will not be disappoint in this purchase ! 5 star for amazon , evga , and nvidia !
192	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this card really be a monster . it give i much better performance then my old 4870x2 do for less heat and less watt pull . the dual-x cooling design help keep the card a mild 30c idle and a maximum 54c under load in saints row 2\/3 . if you be go to be overclock this beware for the time be , amd 's driver be not optimize yet and you run the risk of blue screening or just have the game freeze period . i oc ` ed it to 1ghz gpu clock and it freeze 8 minute into mu sr3 test . this combine with a i7-3930k be more then strong enough to play even the most demand game , emulate game like tale of symphonia w \/ lle or zone of the enders , without much hassle .
653	GraphicsCard	POS	5	purchase this card about 6 month ago to go along with a i5 2500k computer i build to play video game . this card be a great value , play just about any game on maximum possible setting at -rrb- 60 fp at 1920x1080 . the only game i have play that show even a slight performance dip at max setting be battlefield 3 and skyrim , both of which be get about 40 to 45 fp , which be still perfectly acceptable for most people . from what i have read online card work well in crossfire configuration with about a 90 % increase in performance , with spec like that this card will be play the latest game at maximum setting for a very long time . also i purchase my entire computer build from amazon include the computer case , not a thing be miss and everything come in nice packaging . standard shipping take on 2 day , order on a sunday recieve it on wednesday . overall great product very pleased with amazon . save i over 1000 dollars.com pare to a prebuild.com puter from dell or hp . with the same spec .
123	GraphicsCard	POS	5	for the price this graphic card deliver !!! awesome picture quality !!! easy to install !!! definitely recommend to anyone who need a good card on a small budget .
664	GraphicsCard	POS	5	insert it in my old windows xp pc to watch netflix . worked right away with the standard xp driver . work better when i load the driver on the include cd . much faster boot time and pc be much faster overall since it no longer use onboard video . receive in 5 day just like advertise .
721	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this product solve audio and video problem with window 7 upgrade on a old computer . also get rid of 100 % cpu usage when run video like on youtube . great product for the price . i have trouble find one available on the internet , cudo 's to amazon ...
951	GraphicsCard	POS	5	just put together a new rig , and this guy right here be a monster . good ol' windows 7 give it a 7.9 out of 7.9 on its benchmark , and after play diablo 3 and tf2 ; i can confirm its brilliance . tf2 be truly max -lrb- very high on every option available , 8xaa -rrb- and i see color variation and detail i simply do not see before on my last rig . the story remain the same with diablo 3 , while it may be more cpu-intensive , the explosion and particle effect be simply brilliant with a stunning frame rate . for temperature reference , i have this case :  nzxt phantom 410 mid tower usb 3.0 gaming case - white  when play at the limit with max clock speed and aa be use , i have see it max out at 59 degress with 44 % fan activity on the card itself . one quick note -- it be a monster in its physical size as well , be sure to have a large case ! i have already hear of people not be prepare and cut out portion of they case to accomodate this refined beast -lrb- ouch -rrb- . i hear asus 's driver can cause compatibility issue so i do not install they , but instead go with the generic driver from amd , and it work perfectly . the main thing i love about this card versus other brand during my research be how much asus put into the cooling design . it be not obnoxious , it look great cosmetically , and do its job phenomenally . overall , it be complete overkill for virtually any application out there , but amd 's driver allow the card to do anything from watch youtube video with perfect frame rate -- to render you own much faster with they transcoding compatibility . i would buy this card again in a heartbeat with all its capability , the pci-e 3.0 connection allow you to link multiple of these badass together at absurd datum transfer speed ; so if in 3 year there be actually a game that challenge this card , throw in another one of these right next to it ! thanks for reading , and i hope this review help !
5	GraphicsCard	POS	5	just purchase this card , but so far it work great . i be look to purchase a second one and run it with the first in sli mode .
961	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i just receive my card last night and only get a little playtime in , so i have not wring it out yet -- that will come tonight when i load skyrim . so far this seem a welcome upgrade from my `` vintage '' 256mb nvidia gefore 7900gs . the card run cool and quiet , with great performance -lrb- for i anyway -rrb- , without break the bank . one thing the description do not mention , be the card currently ship with a certificate for a free download of dirt3 ; perfect for try out the card on my 27 '' monitor .
719	GraphicsCard	POS	4	i buy this for a old pentium 4 system that run my entertainment center in the den . have a few issue initially with the driver and my dvico gold tv card but with a few tweak and update it be run fine . nice and quiet with the fanless heatsink but would not want to push it too hard .
924	GraphicsCard	POS	5	one word : amazing !!! this card be really quiet and run fairly cool even under load . so far very impressed with the performance as well . i be go to buy a slightly cheaper model but i do not regret pay a little more for this one . crysis , what use to be the bane of even high end setup , can be easily max out at 1920x1200 . benchmark for current game also look great . have have zero problem with the card so far . installation be very easy and hassle free . the only thing to keep in mind be that it be very long -lrb- 9.8 '' or 250mm -rrb- , so make sure you have the clearance .
810	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this video card be great ! it be easy to overclock and have never reach a temp of over 60c when play battlefield 3 on ultra graphic setting . would highly recommend for any gamer .
52	GraphicsCard	POS	5	easy to install , and have no problem . deliver every bit of performance you would expect from a 512mb card . no issue .
428	GraphicsCard	POS	4	great product , it work but it have some small glitch with xp home edition . nothing major . also note i be use this with a kvm switch connect to 2 other computer and occationally a third becasu i repair pc for a living . it work fine with the kvm switch . anything that i want to watch on the firsst pc i place on the second screen amd go about my business on the other kvm would pc . i would recommend this product . can not wait to use it on a windows 7 box .
848	GraphicsCard	POS	5	best card in the ~ 300 price range imo . plays all my current game on ultra without any stutter -lrb- batman ac , saints row third , bf3 , mw3 , l.a. noire , skyrim , etc. . etc. . . -rrb- . there be better card out there yes , and yes 2 gtx460 's might be better than this single card -lrb- but not by much -rrb- . if you want to go with just one card , my opinion be that this be the best bang for you buck in the ~ $ 300 price range . have not find any problem after use it for the past week dual boot both xp 32 and 7 64 , work great on both .
281	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i have a older desktop that have xp , and this be a great graphic card that work perfectly for windows xp . thank you visiontek , this card save my computer ! this graphics card install in 5 minute by follow the include instruction , and i have no prior knowlege about intall a graphics card . once properly insert , i install the disk software include for xp , and then restart the computer & microsoft automatically update my driver ! i have be use this card for over 1 year now with zero issue , and i even buy a spare just in case it fail in a few year .
31	GraphicsCard	POS	4	this card be buy as a upgrade from a gtx-260 896mb . i be seek a faster card , more texture memory , and directx 11 capability . pro : not too huge like many nvidium card out there . the large fan keep the card cool and only use one 6-pin power connector to power it . the 3 type of output be a plus to fit everyone 's basic setup . even though it be not mention in description , there be a power plug adapter to convert 2 standard 3-pin ide power connector into a 6-pin . highest end card for under $ 150 at the moment of this review . con : benchmark be only a very slight -lrb- 2-10 fp -rrb- improvement over my 260 . phsyx speed be also slightly improve . even though the memory speed be faster and greater than what i have , there be a slightly noticeable lag when load many texture when you first enter a scene which i never experience before . if you follow direction in the manual for installation then you might miss the fact of plug in the 6-pin plug due to the fact of it not mention it . all in all , a great card . not as fancy look as many other manufacturer but the large fan do keep the card cool in heavy load . i have repeatedly push its limit and no , it be not one of the fastest card out there , but it hold it be own in directx 10 and 11 but if you be only need a card for older directx 9 application and game , i say go for cheaper .
792	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this be a excellent product for older computer that simply do not support newer card . all of my game be now without lag and come pack with high frame rate -lrb- lightweight 3d game -rrb- . you do want to make sure there be not another card directly above this one for space and heat issue but overall , the card stay cool and maintain a high standard for old graphic .
935	GraphicsCard	POS	5	at this price , it be a steal , so i could not resist get another one and crossfire . the performance be grand , easily on par with the latest and greatest hd7970 at a fraction of the cost - and that be without overclock since i have not have time to play with oc ` ing in crossfire setup . installation be a breeze - i have a relatively cheap aerocool rs9 mid-tower and both card fit without any problem with room to spare . ca not understand all the criticism about the card be long - any high-performance card of the last two year be either this size or bigger . compare to last three card i have - it be definitely shorter than stock gtx570 , way more compact than hd4850x2 , and be roughly equal to gtx260 . in short , i be very satisfied with the card . a icing on the cake be dirt3 that be activate through steam in a matter of minute - at least 15 buck value - sweet : -rrb- overall , a great purchase . update 31\/01\/2012 : i be truly impressed . with some minor\/lazy tweak to voltage , ulp and trixx utility , i be able to pass 3dmark11 with card clock at 980 core and 1150mhz memory in crossfire , score in mid 8800 's in performance test . that be already hd 6990\/gtx 590 territory . for a little more than 300 buck , with free dirt3 ? ridiculous but true . very happy . now the new goal be to pass 9k , which i be sure i will : -rrb-
82	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i want to play some low end game on my good ol 2004 dell optiplex gx-270 slim line computer . i also need to have a low profile card , so after a bunch of look around i come across this gefoce 6200 512mb agp card . these be not easy to find . after i read a bunch of review , and discover i do not have much of a selection to choose from for low profile card , this card fit the bill . after receive my card from ups i immediately install it , and it load with out a hitch . for the price and availability this be a very nice card for boost you graphic , for the average computer user .
641	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i install richard burn rally game but would not play on my old dimension 4600 due to lack of pixel shading . plug unit in and voila all be well . shredding rbr on the daily now . thanks evga and amazon
828	GraphicsCard	POS	5	this product arrive on time . sorta . ups left it with the neighbor . not good but i catch it as it happen . video card run like a dream . game on . speed speed speed .
632	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i must say , this product be amazing ! i be able to run ton of game on high or max setting , include aion , blacklight retribution , dragon age 2 , dc universe , and league of legends ! i love it do much . installation be pretty easy and i have never once install anything like this . just search youtube for some guide and it 'll be a walk in the park . although , after first install it my pc do not recognize it but after a quick reboot it work like a charm . this should keep my computer able to run the newest game for year to come !
558	GraphicsCard	POS	5	i have the xfx 5870 and it be a beast . this be the first card that i have get that could compete with it . the gtx 580 be a joke and slower than my old card . the hd 5970 be the same performance level . i start think that maybe my processor be bottleneck the performace . the new 7970 actually get better framerate . not by a mile but good enough . i be look at a 25 % performance gain with the stock driver , and a pcus express 2.0 . in a few month i 'll upgrade the processor and motherboard , and the update driver will be out and it should get even better framerate . but that remain to be see . will update when the magic happen .
756	GraphicsCard	POS	5	a friend ask i to upgrade he graphic card for he computer so that he could play game . there be one problem . he computer be a few year old . it only have pci and agp slot so i could not get the latest and greatest . i find this one and order it . the installation be a easy and i have no problem . after complete the installation i install call of duty and it work flawlessly .
395	GraphicsCard	POS	4	so far so good . have work flawlessly . this be the third card type i order . the first two be not as advertised but this product plug in and do exactly what it say it would do . i end up order two more and put they in all my machine . time will tell on how durable it be , but overall well pleased with delivery time and product performance .
916	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i be extremely disappoint with this card . i have be in i.t. for 18 year and no user problem , network upgrade , or workstation roll out frustrate or anger i more than try to get those dumb atus driver to load correctly . it be just freakin ridiculous to spend hour try to get a ati video card set up when with nvidia you could be up and run in about 5 min . it just remind i of why i walk away from ati video card year ago . but nvidia be also not without fault since they turn they back on all of the agp user who basically make they rich ... i would like for ati to come up with some type of unify driver for they card so people dont have to go through such a crock of b to get they graphic card work but that would make sense so ati probably will not do it . i must have install and remove every alleged hotfix from the 8.1 on the cd to the 9.8 on sapphire 's and ati 's website for this thing and nothing but my pc freezing when load a game or surf the web . i can not even put my old bfg 6800 gt oc back in because i take it out and give it to a friend when i see the amazon box sit outside my room . so now i have to dig out this old bfg fx5200 just to have a work pc ... if i could have find a better agp card by nvidia i probably would not be write this review but i wait a bit too long for price to come down . i just hope i make the right decision in request a replacement instead of a refund . win xp pro p4 3.2 ghz 2gb pc3200 ram a-power 680w psu follow up 4 day later ... . i actually would have give it zero star but i have to rate it with at least one but it do not deserve that high of a rating . if you want a agp card that actually work the first time you load the driver , stick with nvidium . ati be garbage , period . 3 of these pos sapphire radeon 3850 , 3 failure that do not work no matter what version of they sorry driver i use . i get some `` thread stuck in device driver '' error , which usually indicate a bad driver , which be almost guarantee with atus , or a bad card ... someone need to pull the plug on ati for produce such garbage ... i walk away from ati graphic card 10 year ago , for the same reason i have return 3 of these . i do not know what i be think to have even give ati another chance . do anyone at ati or sapphire know what quality assurance be ?
108	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	this be ok , i have to mouse over the text on the second monitor at time to be able to see it . it support from company be slow . i would spend the extra money on a better product next time .
543	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	i buy this card for a upgrade for a old pc for my son to use . it install fine and work well for he wow until today . first he lose red , then green before i make he power down . would not buy this again .
511	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i order one of these base on the picture and text . both say it have a s-video port . the card i get have neither ! the part number on this item and the part number on the box be the same . also the text indicate that a extra low profile bracket be need . not true .
954	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	pro : none con : cheap , flimsy plastic cooler . flash\/flicker like crazy whenever the screen switch -lrb- reboot to post , enter & exit bio , and sometimes during game 's cinematic scene when it switch from one scene to the next and screen flash . -rrb- random stuttering during intensive gaming in diablo3 , crysis warhead , leave 4 dead2 . and a kind of faint but continuous coil whine noise that will drive you insane over time . on top of all that , amazon keep shipping i use video card from they return center . i pay $ 500 for a video card , but amazon ship i another customer 's return that clearly be defective . i get a exchange and it have the exact same problem . i uninstall the driver + software and pop in my old xfx hd6970 , everything work just fine . i be now file a full refund and will buy from a retail store . at least i will get a brand new seal video card off the shelf . if a customer return a product because he complain about problem with it , then you should send it back to the manufacturer , not sell it to another customer . that be bad business practice , i be extremely disappoint in amazon now .
670	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	the card work flawlessly for long period of time but during long session of 3d gameplay , it eventually start show the screen in the wrong color -lrb- mostly pink -rrb- and the screen flash black intermittently . this be the second of this exact card that i have get after return the first one to amazon . manually increase the card fan speed to a where the noise start to get noticeable make the problem happen less often and underclocking by 50 mhz seem to have fix it . i be think about return it as soon as a figure out what alternative i have .
900	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i purchase the gigabyte geforce gtx 550 ti 1gb gddr5 pci express 2.0 for a client that want a high end work computer that she would not have to discard in a year because it will no longer run the application for she business . the card work great at first and score a 6.8 on the windows experience index -lrb- weus -rrb- but after only one week the card die and prevent the pc from boot . i remove the card plug into intergraded hdmus and fire the computer and it be work like a charm . i end up buy a different card locally and return the old card to the vender .
816	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this card have be give i problem from day 1 . a cold boot would show nothing on the screen but the rest of the computer be work . even keyboard 's num lock key light up which mean it be get through the bio . only way to get it to show anything from a cold boot be to reset the system after it be be run for a few minute . it seem to happen only if i cold boot after the system have be off for more than a hour . system get out of sleep or hibernation be also a problem . nothing show on the screen unless i reboot , mean i lose everything in the memory . when it work it work . fast . cool fan be also very loud . if you must get a agp , i would get the 4670 instead . it be true the 4670 will not get you a significant performance gain but i would think that it will not have any of these boot-up problem . skip this card . call sapphire be also a torture . i never get through . again , skip this p.o.s.
852	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	i know it be not rtm yet , but if you be look to use this on windows 8 , i would wait . i try the supply driver as well as a newer driver on they website and both just set my machine into a bluescreen reboot loop . i set up a support ticket with they , i will update with the result , but base on my google search , the same thing happen when windows 7 come out and they just blow it off until they be ready to release a driver . i do not want to give 2 star as i think the item be probably good for support configuration , but i also can not give it a high rating since it be provide i no value . i wish i could have just leave the rating blank and just give feedback . \* update after a week or so of usage . \* so , i format my laptop and go back to windows 7 to try this in a support environment . there be some pretty big issue when go back and forth between sleep mode\/docked and undock that all go away if i uninstall the driver for this , but cause a bunch small issue when this be in install . it often leave i at a black screen and i have to open and reclose the laptop to get video , or if the card isnt plug in when i dock , it seem to try to capture one of the other monitor on the dock -lrb- there be 2 -rrb- and cause artifact , need a undock and redock . i ask startech the process to get a refund as it be just too much to deal with on a computer i actually use for work and they tell i to reach out to amazon -lrb- fail -rrb- . i be not go to go through all of the drama of fight for a refund over such a trivial amount , but i definitely wont be recommend this to anyone , which be unfortunate as the other developer -lrb- i write software -rrb- where i work be very interested in pick one up if it work .
419	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i be rating this low not because of the performance of the card but because the active mini display port to dvi adapter be miss . this be the most expensive adapter that be suppose to be include .
811	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i install the driver and when my computer restart i get black screen on my laptop . i have to restart and go to safe mode in order to uninstall the driver , so i could get my display back . i try to do it twice , and get the same result , so give up and return it .
417	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	so im go to just guess that the temp sensor be off on my unit , catalyst control center never spin up the fan to anywhere near max , and the screen will start to twitch and eventually it crash the system . i have to go in and manually set my fan speed to 80-100 % to prevent this . other than that , run crysis warhead at max detail at 1920x1200 , pretty happy about that . update : take off 2 more star , even after up the fan speed , still have graphic glitch , i have to underclock my memory 100mhz to make it stop . terrible . i think i get a 6850 in disguise here . maybe i get unlucky here , but still , do some testing before you put something out for sale .
561	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	even with relatively little gpu load , and this be on standard clock speed , the card would just shut off and i would be force to hard power off my computer . i try troubleshoot it , search forum for solution , but i find virtually nothing except a general consensus that i be send a dud card . i return it and buy a different card . i have hear good thing about sapphire , and they be suppose to have one of the better 7850 card design , but once you send i a bad product , i do not really jump at the chance for you to send i another possibly bad one .
91	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	evga have consistently refuse to release a backplate for 570 hd card . the backplate would add much-needed strength , cooling , and better look . these card be flimsy without a backplate , which be why it should come with one stock . why do it not ??????? for the money they charge , it should be include ! please do not give they you hard-earned money until they begin to listen to the customer . boycott evga until they listen to the customer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! msi and asus make excellent 570 card , try one of they .  asus gtx570 directcu ii graphic card with dual-fan cooling performance , engtx570 dcii\/2dis\/1280md5
767	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	try this card out in my new hp desktop and the power cord be not compatible . it have the old style pinnage on it , so i go to radio shack to see what i could find ... nada . the instruction do not even mention the need to connect power . too bad for gamer on a budget .
941	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	i purchase this card for a new pc i build from scratch . spec on my gaming rig be thus : asus p8z77 pro board core i7 2600k sapphire radeon 7870 oc 2gb 16 gb ram corsair vengeance black samsung 830 128gb ssd -lrb- system + only major app -rrb- seagate barracuda 2 tb 7200 rpm hdd cooler master tpc-812 heat sync cooler master haf-x blue edition -lrb- newegg exclusive -rrb- + all fan for all fan slot cooler master silent pro gold 1000w power supply sony dvd burner win 7 64-bit only run a single monitor , 24 '' acer on the dvi port processor temperature do not get too high nor do the video card temperature . in fact , my box stay very cool . processor idle temp be 29-31 celsius . when play skyrim on ultra , the processor can get to 57 celsius . i have 2 fan blow directly on my gpu as well - one from the side and one blow toward the back of the computer . when play game for long period of time , 3 + hour , at least once in this time period my screen will go black -lrb- video signal be lose -rrb- , the fan will spin at max , and the only way to stop this be a hard shut down by hold down the power button . there have be a lot of document case online . just search for `` sapphire 7870 crash '' or `` sapphire 7870 black screen '' and you will see page of precisely this issue . apart from these crash , this be a good mid-range card . it run at low temperature and deliver good frame rate . however , the constant crash have leave a bad taste in my mouth . since it be be over the 30 day with amazon , i 'll see if my credit card company will refund my purchase . i really want to like this card base off of the review i read at tom 's hardware and other source . but the regular crash make keep this card untenable . i have also read that people who have rma would this card still experience the same issue with they replacement . i 'll probably end up go for the evga geforce gtx 680 with the dual fan . this have be my first experience with radeon on the pc and with sapphire technology card .
280	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this be a review for the rebate portion of the card . if you be not interested , then do not read . however , i be post this because i feel it be pertinent information , and for i , it be what determine my get this card from this manufacturer . long story short , they have provide completely conflict information on the process of the rebate , and will do whatever it take to make sure that you will never get you rebate in the window that they originally advertise . here be the documentation of my experience : on thu , jun 21 , 2012 at 6:55 pm ,  write : -rrb- dear xxxxxx , -rrb- -rrb- we be pleased to inform you that you rebate , with the basic service -rrb- level you select have be process and approve on 06\/21\/2012 . -rrb- -rrb- you amex  reward card will be mail within 8-10 week . please contact -rrb- we if you have any additional question . -rrb- -rrb- below be the summary of you rebate registration information : -rrb- -rrb- track number : xxxxxxxx -rrb- rebate offer : sapphire special mail-in rebate -rrb- rebate item : sapphire radeon hd6950 2g ddr5 pcie -rrb- rebate item upc number -lrb- s -rrb- : xxxxxxxx -rrb- rebate award : $ 20.00 -rrb- service level basic : $ 0.00 -rrb- final award : $ 20.00 so , 8-10 week go back from 6\/21\/12 . nothing happen . the tracking number they give i do not work , either . i send they another email : ----- original message ----- sent : sep 1 , 2012 2:38:14 pm subject : re : rebate processed hi , just wonder where be my rebate card . i still have not receive it . the tracking number you give i do not work . all the claim history , accord to you website , say be : \* claim status history \* ------------------------------ date status comment 5\/19\/2012 5:22:10 am claim create 5\/19\/2012 5:23:28 am claim completed , awaiting receipt of documentation 6\/14\/2012 1:54:40 pm documentation receive 6\/21\/2012 9:54:55 pm claim be approve it should have be here within 8-10 week . can you please provide i a status update ? ---------------------------------- it take i another email and another week before i finally get a response -lrb- they advertise that they always respond within 2 business day , because customer service be `` very important '' to they -rrb- . here be the most recent email : on frus , sep 7 , 2012 at 6:46 am , 4myrebatesapphire  write : thanks for you email . customer satisfaction be very important to we and as such , we will respond to you email , answer any and all question within the next 2 business day exclude weekend . hello . you rebate have be approve as of `` 09\/01\/12 '' . it take 8-10 week from the date of approval for the rebate payment to be issue and send out . ------------------------------------------------- wow , really ? another 8-10 week after 9\/1\/12 ? what about they website and email from they , say my claim be approve back in 6\/21\/12 and that the card would be issue within 8-10 week from 6\/21\/12 ? complete and blatant lie . they clearly have zero intention of mailing i anything , hope that i would probably forget , and they could scam i and countless other out of a rebate that be owe to we , as what they advertise . they be also base in hong kong , make it more complicate when pursue legal action ... which i be sure they be fully aware of . just relay my own personal experience , hope to let everyone be aware of what they may encounter . i hope everyone be able to get they rebate and for i , it be just a fluke , but i think they response show they do not take customer service very seriously at all .
690	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	do not take my word for it , do a search on `` 560 ti 2gb artifact . '' you will find quite a few people with persistent similar problem who have also have to return this card multiple time . i be on my third card . after the first two i decide the problem must be something else on my system . now i have a new computer with a different brand of motherboard but the same graphic problem . evga send i a collection of test they want i to run even although the problem show up at the bio splash screen and have show up with this card install in two different computer . after all the time i have already waste test the multiple failure of this card this be the final straw . this be the fourth evga graphic card i have buy over the year . it will be my last .
875	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	even though this item be advertise as a pci-e card , it be not . the item they show in the picture be what you will get . it be a agp card , not a pci-e card . if you do not have a agp bus on you motherboard , this card will not work in you computer .
18	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	this card give i nothing but issue and now i can not even return it ... do not buy it ... i also be concern that item like this be not returnable
418	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	remember folks do not read comments people who just get the card for a day or two . i buy this several month ago and it give i headache almost - almost - everyday . the first day it be fine while play bf3 at video setup as maximum . a few day later , the noise begin after about 5 minute into the game . i have two fan and a large cpu fan . after i take out the side case window and turn on a small external fan , the noise would go down . the graphic be nice . 7-jul-12 : now suddenly the noise be go . so nice . aug-12 : the noise be go but the card display the red screen and freeze the computer as the heat build up . this happen quite often now . aug-27 : use precision x to monitor the heat . red screen appear after every 2 hour into the game even i have a large fan outside with the case cover off . this be so annoying . aug-31 : it happen daily now , this po stop work and my score be not save . and the customer service -lrb- although they do response fast -rrb- but they usually blame it on something else .
32	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	do not waste you money on this card ... my old 6600gt card start to fail so i purchase this . it do not play call of duty game very well . . only at 20 fp . horrible . i end up get a use 7600gt for the same price and it be awesome . 150fp + my old 6600gt be over 100fp and would be another better option and much much better card than this one . gt model number make a big difference !
144	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	arrive without a guide or documentation of any sort , inside or out , opposite of encouraging review by mr b above that specifically mention a guide . -lrb- ? be this a return ? ? oem ? be not list as such . ? do the vendor even look in the box ? -rrb- driver installation exit with hopeless message . nvidia knowledgebase have only trouble report , no on-line guide . resort to live chat , get lead around the barn a few time by someone work out of a script notebook . finally quit chat and figure it out myself . not a newbie . what must they go through ?
645	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	i be very excited switching from my previous sapphire 4870 to this new model , and at first very happy with the performance , huge gap as you can imagine . trouble start a few hour after with a first freeze while play , i start to wonder about my computer , test everything , remove some harddrive , ram module -lrb- testing with mem86 -rrb- wipe and re-install driver , swithe from one pcie to another , nothing would do , i be still get random freeze , mostly while play but also on the desktop , also i would see display corruption come back from sleep mode . intersting point it happen really random , i try to stress my system with free software out there use all gpu ressource and even cpu and mem ressource at the same time , no luck , unable to `` trigger '' the freeze ... switch back to my previous card , magic ! no more issue ... -lrb- switch several time between the two card , same symptom -rrb- therefore i have no doubt the problem come from the card -lrb- or some kind of incompatibility with my system -rrb- after a few day search for my problem on the internet i find a interesting topic talk about issue while dual screening -lrb- my case -rrb- more precisely while dual screening dvi + hdmi -lrb- my case -rrb- , i think great ! i find my problem , but sadly ... still no luck and still problem even with one screen . at this point i be wait for my rma number to return the card , i fear i may have the same problem with the new one if it be link to my hardware -lrb- x58 platform win7 64 bit -rrb- i do not know , but this be the first time i be have this kind of issue and i be quite upset with sapphire .
99	GraphicsCard	NEG	2	last update : just want to add - if you select a hdtv resolution -lrb- 720p\/1080i\/1080p -rrb- in ccc , the audio will not drop out . unfortunately for i , my lcd 's native resolution be 1360x768 so i have to choose that resolution which be consider a basic resolution in ccc . for any basic resolution , the audio will cut out . one workaround would be to run a digital coax\/optical from my mobo to the receiver , but this add a extra cable lol . i be still just use my 5770 since i be have a hard time justify the price of a 6950 since you can find a 7850 for the same price . i be hold out for the hope that amd will release a driver fix , in which case i would repurchase the 7850 . or if amazon would put out a deal on the lg 55lm7600 , i would get that , rebuy this card , run 1080p , and call it a day . update 2 : well my new receiver come , denon 2312ci , and unfortunately that receiver experience the same issue with the sapphire 7850 as my onkyo do , confirm by testing in 2 different computer . my old radeon 5770 still work perfectly in both computer and with both receiver . i have come to the conclusion , that this 7850 , at least the 2 particular sapphire 7850 card i receive , do not smoothly stream audio to a receiver over hdmus without cut out every now and then . update : i also try catalyst 12.6 beta , a new hdmi cable , and a different input on my receiver . i try everything except hook the 7850 straight up to my lcd and use my lcd 's speaker . this be what i just do and so far , 10 song , i do not think i have hear it skip , unless it happen so fast that i be not pick up on it . on the onkyo receiver , when it would skip , the no audio source would show up for a second while the receiver look for the audio . i do not understand why my hd5770 would work fine with the onkyo 707 and the 7850 would not . be it a problem with the receiver or the 7850 ? i would need either another 7850 or another receiver to confirm , both of which i do not have . i 'll do more research and update soon . : end edit i be so stoke to upgrade my radeon hd5770 with this card for summertime gaming . my gaming\/htpc consist of a intel i7-860 , asus p7p55d , g. skill 8gb ddr3 , crucial 256gb m4 , onkyo tx-sr707 , av123 elt525t speaker , and samsung 40 '' lcd -lrb- upgrade to 55 '' lead soon -rrb- . i slap this silent beast into my computer and reinstall the newest catalyst 12.4 driver and off i be . i do some video benchmark and then watch some youtube video since i have a couple friend over . then something weird start happen . in about every youtube video i play , the audio would cut out for a second , and then come back in . i have my setup as follow video card hdmi - -rrb- receiver hdmi in and then hdmi out - -rrb- tv . with my previous hd5770 , all other component be the same , i never have audio cut out ever . i think it might have be a problem with flash 's hardware acceleration , so i unchecked that , but the audio still cut out for a second . i then think it be a problem with flash so i play some html5 youtube video , still the audio would cut out for a second and then resume . then i think it be maybe a problem with firefox , so i play itunes on repeat , and about every 5 minute or so -lrb- sometimes less , sometimes more -rrb- , the audio would drop out for a second and then come back . so then i think it be maybe a problem with catalyst 12.4 so i try catalyst 12.3 and catalyst 12.5 beta , still same problem . then i try format and reinstall windows 7 pro 64bit , still the same problem in every application . at this point , i swap my hd5770 card back in , watch a dozen youtube video and play itunes for a hour or so , no skip , no drop out , everything play perfectly . so then i think maybe there be some other component in my computer that just do not play nicely with the hd7850 , so i install it in my office comp -lrb- intel c2d e6600 , gigabyte p35-ds3l , 4gb ddr2 , intel x25-m 80gb , this be the computer that my hd5770 will be go in -rrb- . and in this computer too , the audio from sapphire 's 7850 would cut out for a second and then resume in every application i try . swap the hd5770 back in and no problem . at this point , i have determine that it must be a problem within the sapphire hd7850 . the hdmi in the card i receive just can not play media without the audio randomly cut out\/skipping . this be very unfortunate since otherwise , this be a powerful and quiet card . i have not send it back yet , still google for answer -lrb- sapphire 's community run support forum be a joke -rrb- , but i will most likely end up send it back within the next 2 week . i be weary of try another hd7850 card from a different manufacturer for fear of the same thing happen , so i may get a nvidia geforce 570 gtx , even though it will run hotter and probably louder ... unless i build up the courage and money to try a radeon hd7870 .
717	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	keep in mind i grab the driver directly from the site so it have the latest version . now from the very begin this thing cause my computer to crash and restart . the first time i notice this be less than a hour after install when i lock my computer to go take my break from work , come back and my co-worker say to box restart . so i log back in and within about 10 minute it happen again . so i disable the third monitor , restart again . unplugged the usb device and it still restart . only after uninstall the driver do my computer stop restart . they say it work with windows 7 , well yeah but it fail horribly .
939	GraphicsCard	NEG	1	well they work well ... for about 25-30 day then they just die i keep get bsod so now im head over to xfx as they seem to just be better quality and they seem to just have all around better support
