index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
261	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be so good . i cook white and brown rice almost every day , sometimes i use it as a slow cooker . it be the first time i own a rice cooker with 2 inner pot , one for rice cooking and the other one be for slow cooking . it sound fun and be really worth the money . do not pay more than $ 200 for a rice cooker !
431	RiceCooker	POS	5	after use the rice cooker for a couple of week , it have work perfectly for make enough rice for a meal for 1-2 people . i would definitely buy again , especially for the price .
532	RiceCooker	POS	4	my parent have this aroma rice cooker , whereas i have a cheaper black and decker at my own apartment . so i have experience with rice cooker and i must say that this aroma one be pretty good . for one thing , i like the lock lid , as oppose to a removable glass lid -lrb- like on my black and decker -rrb- with a hole in it . this mean less clean-up . however , it also mean that the cooking vessel can not serve as its own pot that you could just put directly into the fridge with leftovers ; cheaper rice cooker with glass lid effectively increase you storage capacity , in a way . but it be a minor quibble . best of all , this aroma unit consistently make good rice without ever burn the bottom or produce a sticky starchy layer at the bottom . my black and decker , as good as it be , always produce a slightly toast starchy layer at the bottom . the unit be not super-fast , but not slow either . i can make two cup of dry brown rice in about 40 minute . this unit be not huge , though , and i do not think it can make more than three dry cup of brown rice . if you be cook for more than two people , you might want to get larger unit . lastly , the steam vent do occasionally produce some excess water which drip out of the unit onto the surround area . it be only do this once so far , but make sure to keep a eye out if you have papers or other electronics nearby .
955	RiceCooker	POS	5	we area really enjoy make rice and oatmeat in we new sanyo cooker . excellent product - great result .
78	RiceCooker	POS	4	i do not realize how small this be . if you be solo or use it in college , it should be fine . if you be cook for more than 2 people , you need something bigger . but i cook for 1 or 2 people usually so it work out ok for now . i be cooking rice on a stove previously and ti be fine but i get tire of watch the pot so it would not boil over . this cook the rice evenly and quickly . it even cook brown rice well .
10	RiceCooker	POS	5	excellent . cook 3-1\/2 cup very well . sleek design look great permanently on the counter . bread-baking function be easy to use and decent . do not get it as it will not kill two bird with one stone . it make rice for 3 and bread adequately , you need a larger cooker for more than three and just about any bread maker -lrb- only bread -rrb- will blow its door off . it have a really heavy bowl that be easy to clean . price be a little high , $ 60 feel right .
966	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be well worth the price . it slow cook the rice , but it taste fantastic . i have own this cooker for two year with moderate use and have have no problem with it at all . it be the best kitchen accessory i have ever buy .
854	RiceCooker	POS	4	great little rice cooker . get water go very quickly and be very easy to clean . i do not like the rice cooker with the lid that you can not remove and wash -- we cook mostly brown rice and there be lot of bran-like stuff that the foam carry to the lid , so what be the point if you can not wash the lid ? paper towel just do not cut it . sure it sputter a bit but a quick spritz of olive oil and salt cut that down a lot . have to stir the rice once be not a hassle , and actually probably it would not be a big deal if you skip that . note the supply measure cup be a little smaller than my 1 cup measure cup . the only thing i would recommend to oster be that they follow through on they focus of a compact rice cooker -- what other feature would be useful to someone who need a small rice cooker ? how about design the lid and handle with slot or cut out so the spoon and measure cup can be store or rest on the cooker ?
852	RiceCooker	POS	5	want to make some great sushi -- and this pot turn out fabulous rice , could not have be better for the task ! also , since get this aroma , i have do several one-dish dinner in it , steam meat & veggy right with the rice . its do a dynamite job -- almost like have a cook in the house , finish off dish for i . easy to clean , quick to store , and absolutely as represent -- a inexpensive yet faithful piece of equipment with nice range of skill . plus -- you can cook -- and transport -- hot food in it to a potluck dinner , easily -- and without get burn . how 's that for the price ?!!!
294	RiceCooker	POS	4	the cooker seem completely top notch . the only problem , and i consider it a significant problem , be the translate owner 's manual for we who speak english . i do not know , but translation into whatever other language use the symbol\/script character in write -lrb- japanese ? korean ? -rrb- may have a somewhat fractured translation as well . i can see no excuse for the translate owner 's manual to not have be revise into a more clear translation , because the email customer relation promotional thing i receive from zojirushi seem to have be write by someone who speak clear english as they native tongue . do not get i wrong . i have nothing at all against asian people , really , not a thing , but the owner 's manual for any product should be immediately clear to someone who have never own or operate the product at this quality bracket .
562	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice maker prepare the best rice ever ! the timer option it have to be be able to start cooking at a certain time , or have it prepare for you by a certain time be a definite bonus ! the rice always come out fluffy and moist but not drench or super sticky , it be just perfect ! i get this as a gift for my boyfriend for christmas and he be very picky about he rice and he rave about it and even change we meal plan sometimes just so we can cook rice in it ! i love it too though . definitely recommend this product !
609	RiceCooker	POS	5	i buy this rice cooker , and once i see it in person , i be surprise with the cute size . it be so adorable . it be good for 2-3 people and work very well , there be option for brown rice , white rice and sushi rice etc. . so it be easy to deal with cooking rice . i usually cook brown rice , usually 1 cup be enough for 2 people . sometimes i do 2 cup , but it be easy to cook so i do not care i cook rice often so we can have fresh rice .
722	RiceCooker	POS	5	i be a single person , so this be just perfect for i . make perfect rice , brown or white .
725	RiceCooker	POS	5	i be the mother of 4 and always look for way to trim the budget and still eat well . we be a `` from scratch '' family and rarely , if ever , buy convenience food . rice be a natural go to food item when you be try to eat well and save money at the same time . i never seem to be able to get it right , however ! we never have rice just because i could never cook it right . it would either be too hard still or too mushy or i would burn it on the bottom of the pan . really , it be rice , it should not be that hard ! fast forward to a week ago when the aroma rice cooker enter we life . we now have a new love affair with this frugal grain ! rinse the rice , toss it in and forget about it ! it be perfect every time ! this be a busy mom 's dream . we love we rice cooker and i can not imagine a more expensive brand do a better job at all . should something horrible happen and we rice cooker fail in the future , we will most definitely be try to replace it with this exact model again , very quickly ! edit to add : use this rice cooker to boil potato for mashed potato tonight . do a fantastic job . just put in the diced potato , water to cover and hit the white rice setting . once i hear the water start boil , i let it go for 10 minute and then drain . just be careful get the pot out due to steam . this be great and we be excite about be able to do this in the hot summer month when we need to boil something without heat up the entire house !
381	RiceCooker	POS	4	even after 24 hour , the color of rice in the cooker do not turn to yellow .
915	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a very nice rice cooker . the 1st one i receive - work once , and then start burn the rice after that . contact aroma customer support . they representative be very cordial and helpful and instruct i to return the cooker since it be malfunction -lrb- the cooker screen display a `` c1 '' and the cooker would not turn off -rrb- . i return to amazon for replacement with no problem . the 2nd unit work great , and cook brown rice excellently ! it do take longer than my previous rice cooker . brown rice take from 100 to 105 minute to cook . it also require less water than my previous cooker which be a surprise to i . i hope to cook many a cup of rice with this cooker -lrb- if it continue to function well -rrb- .
523	RiceCooker	POS	5	i love this rice cooker , it be so easy to use and steam vegetable be great ! very happy with this product and highly recommend it . actually , i send one to a friend of mine for she birthday and she love it too !
578	RiceCooker	POS	5	the rice cooker have turn out good cook rice twice . it be easy to clean , store , and use . it be cute .
240	RiceCooker	POS	5	i get this rice cooker a few month ago and be so far quite pleased . i use to cook rice only very rarely because it be a pain in the butt to do so on a stovetop -lrb- at least in my opinion it be -rrb- . now i cook rice and quinoa regularly and the result be always excellent . for white rice , this cooker do a amazing job with no thought whatsoever . for brown rice the result be a little trickier and seem to rely very heavily on the quality of the rice you use . the amount of water you use , to a very fine and surprising degree , also make a huge difference on the brown rice . water level be key with this , i have find . the instruction do state that one should vary the water level depend on the environment you live in and the moisture level of the rice you be cooking . i have find i actually have to consistently put less water than the measurement line call for , and it take i a little while to realize this . if you pay close attention , you 'll have no problem . i have find , like other reviewer have state , that -lrb- especially with brown rice -rrb- let the rice soak for awhile before cooking make a huge difference . if you have a regular schedule and can use the timer feature , that be a great idea . otherwise , if you be plan ahead -lrb- not my strong suit -rrb- then you can plan properly to build in soak time . once learn the in and out of this cooker -lrb- and it be really pretty straightforward -rrb- , it be easy to end up with amazing rice every time . this be my first rice cooker and i buy it on the recommendation of friend ... i now recommend it to you !
712	RiceCooker	POS	5	buy the rice cooker from amazon nov ,06 base on the excellent review . expensive rice cooker but it be nice look and it cook beautiful and tasty rice better than most of the restaurant !!! i be so happy that i go with the right choice !
772	RiceCooker	POS	5	the zojirushi micom 3-cup rice cooker and warmer arrive a few day after be order from warehouse deal by amazon . it appear to be a new , unopened item . it have be discount because of neglible damage to one of the corner of the outer box . the contents of the box be in perfect shape . i would not hesitate to order from warehouse deal again . i love make steel cut oats in this cooker . just add oats and water the night before , set the program for `` porridge , '' set the timer to when you want the oats to be ready the next morning , and wake up to perfectly-cooked oats . no more standing over the stove and constantly stir to keep the oats from stick ! this cooker also do a great job with other grain , include quinoa and hull barley . i be still try to perfect brown rice . so far , it tend to come out a bit stickier than i would like , despite wash the rice thoroughly before cooking . i be skeptical about spend over $ 100 for a rice cooker , but after use it 2 or 3 time a week for the last month , i be sell on the convenience . the cooker be well construct , look good for a electronic appliance , and take up minimal space in my small kitchen . highly recommend !
581	RiceCooker	POS	4	after switch to brown rice and never quite get it to cook perfectly on stove top i decide to buy a rice cooker . i pick this one due to the good review , and i want something small enough for my limited counter top . i use 1 1\/2 of the provide measure cup for the rice -lrb- to make 3 cup -rrb- . the rice cook almost perfectly . the flaw be the rice be brown at the very bottom of the bowl , and some water splash out of the vent hole during cooking . but still it be the best brown rice batch i have ever cook , be not sticky or clumped . for the second batch i use less rice and water to make a little over 2.5 cup of cook rice , and i stir it twice off of the bottom during cooking -lrb- be careful lift the lid and use a hot pad -rrb- , and this time it come out perfectly . if it stop work in the next few month i will update my review , but for now it be nearly the perfect rice cooker for 1-2 people , and for limited counter space .
492	RiceCooker	POS	5	order to replace a older , mechanical timer cooker . what a difference , especially for brown and sweet rice that seem to benefit from the computerized timer . also do a great job with egg -lrb- hard boil in the steamer tray , complete with little egg ` notch ' -rrb- and for steam vegetable .
708	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a excellent rice cooker . we have have perfect rice with every batch . well worth the money if you like perfect rice without any hastle .
692	RiceCooker	POS	4	only have this about a few week , but i use this every 2 day or so . works great , close tightly so there be no spatter on the counter . rice start to brown on the bottom but i usually turn it off as soon as the it be do ; if you leave it on `` warm '' for a while it would probably burn .
469	RiceCooker	POS	4	buy this as a present . the recipient , early 20 's college student , love the practicality , ease , and convenience . perfect rice everytime .
711	RiceCooker	POS	5	this one of the best online purchase i have do . this rice cooker work like a charm for white as well as brown rice . since it be small , it fit on my kitchen counter . i use it at least three time a week . the three cup size be enough for two people and the rice cook be perfect . the ` keep warm ' option take over once the rice be cook . so , even if you forget to turn it off , it be no big deal . i would highly recommend it .
765	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker make steel-cut oats perfectly on the porridge setting . the measure mark for porridge be gear to rice , which be unfortunate , but 1 cup oats to 2.5 cup of water be just right . make 3 serving , which can be reheat in the microwave . easy to use , easy to clean , and seem to be well make . much better than stir for a 1\/2 hour when you be groggy .
238	RiceCooker	POS	5	we have buy this rice cooker last week . since then we be cooking rice almost every day . try to use basmatus rice ...
803	RiceCooker	POS	4	good product , make rice perfectly , only problem be that it do splatter a bit , but only for a few min then it stop . perfect for 1 person .
279	RiceCooker	POS	4	this be awsome and worth buying . it be big enough for three person and cooking very fast -lrb- 30-40 minute -rrb- . the steamer be a little bit annoying . you can not cook rice and steam the vegetable at the same time .
652	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the best rice cooker i have see in the market , i like the option of time delay , white , brown rice , steamer and that you can leave on warm for as long you want and feel safe . i have one for 2 year or more and really like it . i send one as gift to a family member that want one when she see my and she be very happy with it as well .
612	RiceCooker	POS	4	i purchase this rice cooker as a gift for my 27 year old son . he really love rice and `` minute rice '' just be not real rice as far as i be concerned . i have a aroma rice cooker myself and think the ease of the one-touch button system would be perfect for my son -lrb- and he room-mate -rrb- . two week after he birthday he tell i the rice cooker be `` a hit '' in he house , and they use it constantly for all sort of rice , jasmine , brown , long grain , etc. . excellent value , very satisfied .
30	RiceCooker	POS	5	so , far , this be a great cooker ! i can do rice , quinoa , and even dry bean ! i have not try bread yet , but the manual say i can make it , too ! it be very useful . it be a great mid-range model , and a good size for a 2-person household .
183	RiceCooker	POS	4	after both older boy move out we do not need a large rice cooker and give this one a try , we be glad we do cook rice fast with out burn the bottom like other small rice cooker , and also cook the rice perfect . this unit be not make to cook american minute rice .
170	RiceCooker	POS	5	the black interior make wash very easy . cook and re-heat rice great . we have not try the steamer function .
595	RiceCooker	POS	5	this rice cooker be very simple and straight to the point , if you be just cook a meal for 1-2 people . i have be use it for almost a year and have not have any problem with it so far . i love it and i think it do its job as well as a expensive rice cooker . i love that it be lightweight and easy to carry around , especially when i want to move thing around in the kitchen . i definitely recommend this item for anyone who need a simple rice cooker for a small family -lrb- 1-3 people -rrb- . just do not forget to press the `` cook '' button like i often do , and find myself with uncooked rice come dinner time !! : p
541	RiceCooker	POS	5	i order this one to replace a similar but larger rice cooker i have use for 20 year . it work great , provide a measure cup , spatula and spatula holder on the cooker , and easy instruction . great product for the price .
674	RiceCooker	POS	5	we have be use this rice cooker for a month now , and we have no complaint . it have definitely make life simpler for we . we love brown rice , but do not usually have time to cook it on weeknight . now , we can just set the rice maker to go in the morning , program the time we want the rice to be ready , and it do the rest . the rice cooker automatically calculate the time to start cooking , so the rice be freshly cook when we get home . -lrb- i have originally fear it would just keep it warm all day , but that be not the case . -rrb- the rice come out perfectly . we have also use the `` porridge '' set to make steel-cut oats for breakfast -lrb- another long-lead-time favorite -rrb- . it work great . we use the same oats\/water ratio -lrb- 1:3 -rrb- that we would for cooking it on the stove . no problem !
771	RiceCooker	POS	5	i be a neophyte rice maker . the ns-lac05 be essentially foolproof . the instruction manual require careful reading and some interpretation but be quite usable . i have have no problem at all and be very happy with the cooker . one word of caution . the term `` porridge '' do not refer to porridge as use in english but be a japanese rice porridge . the `` porridge '' setting be usable but the timing be off for oatmeal .
611	RiceCooker	POS	5	i be not much of a cook , yes i can make decent white rice myself , but have to watch it constantly . brown rice always give i fit . how many rice meal have i have to scoop the rice off the top of the pot because the bottom of the pot be either soupy or scorched . two pot of brown rice so far this cooker have cook perfectly while i be busy elsewhere in the house . when i drop by the kitchen and notice the `` keep warm '' light be light i openn the cooker and fluff perfectly cook rice . its more expensive than a crock pot that have be rebrand as a rice cooker . but its clearly get a lot more smart than a crock pot .
887	RiceCooker	POS	5	i buy this think it would take up so much less space on my counter top than the other model i have in mind . i get home to use it and be so disappointed until i read a comment someone else make about a review . it do sputter and spit and shoot rice water on my counter and the rice seem to stick-the trick be to add a little butter or oil of you choice and a little salt . now it work like a charm ! i usually add liquid and butter first , then the rice . i start it up a hour or two before i want to actually eat the rice , or even longer . i have let it run for 3-4 hour before . it keep the rice nice and warm all that time . i use this about every day-we love rice and i just start a gluten free diet so i be eat more rice instead of noodle . i be glad i check the review after the initial disappointment . this one be a keeper .
150	RiceCooker	POS	4	great rice cooker . even cooking and perfectly do every time -lrb- brown and white rice -rrb- . when program however there be some confusion as to whether or not the time enter be the time it start cooking rather than the time the rice with be finish . key point ! small footprint and convenient size for 2 -3 adult .
142	RiceCooker	POS	4	i buy this week at target for $ 28.00 on sale . excellent rice cooker . i give it 4 star because the steamer be poorly design . they should have have the hole in the steamer a little smaller and more number of hole . the pea actually fall through . do not know who test these product
897	RiceCooker	POS	5	i have a bigger rice cooker but my house never need that much rice . so , i be search for a smaller rice cooker . and i come across this little rice cooker . this must be smallest rice cooker i have ever see ! when i take it out of the box i could help but laugh because it so cute ! anyway , this little rice cooker work very well . and give i just amount of cook rice i need for my household with just two person here . the non-stick coating be great , very easy to clean .
824	RiceCooker	POS	5	small and extremely easy to use , it cook rice with excellent result . it be a very good investment , the zojirushi will last forever !
137	RiceCooker	POS	5	love my new rice cooker ! i get it through amazon prime , so it arrive in 2 day . the box come with the instruction book that have receipt you can use . i dont have a kitchen in my studio apt and this cooker have save i so much money . i be eat healthier and the food come out great and be do fast ! i even make chicken noodle soup with this cooker : -rrb- . go and get this baby !
890	RiceCooker	POS	5	i have not be motivate to write a review before now , but after a year or so this rice cooker\/slow cooker be fantastic ! i use it for rice and slow cooking -lrb- obviously -rrb- but both work really well . i have not have any problem with the lead as other have mention , and my only mishap be when my toddler knock it off the countertop and the handle break . i read far too many review and do way too much research -- but be really pleased at the end result . i would highly recommend this product .
487	RiceCooker	POS	5	this appliance do only two thing -- it cook rice , and it cook irish oatmeal . it have a timer that let you prepare the oatmeal the night before so that it be ready when you get up in the morning , and it will keep it warm if you be late . same for the rice . but i do not think it be worth try to do anything else with it , like cook a entire meal in one pot . get a crock pot for that . one of my favorite thing about it be that it play a little tune when the rice or oatmeal be ready . quite cheery .
671	RiceCooker	POS	5	i want a small rice-cooker for my office , so i can eat lunch in a more healthy way and in a less expensive way . i like it a lot . i have make brown rice , white rice , and oatmeal in it . someday soon i 'll read the manual and figure out how to make the silly music go away . -lrb- i see that that be do-able ... -rrb- it play twinkle twinkle little star or something , at various time , for various reason , and i work in a library and this just will not do . it be sleek . it be gorgeous . i wish it do not cost so much , but i be sure it be better and longer-lasting than a $ 30 or $ 40 alternative .
340	RiceCooker	POS	5	we use this for cooking oatmeal , rice , grits , the list be endless . . best appliance in which we have invest in a long time ! we use the measure cup for all measurement . . work like a charm . .
727	RiceCooker	POS	4	i be a big rice eater . i like to mix rice with most of my meal . it be always a pain to cook the rice as i have to keep check on the progress so as not to scorch the rice . i have only have this cooker for a week -lrb- the reason for the 4 star rating -rrb- . so far this be a dream come true ! it be so easy to put everything in the cooker and let it do the rest . it really be idiot proof . the removable inside bowl -lrb- which be very sturdy and non-stick -rrb- have all the correct level of water to add for each type of rice . even the little measure cup be just right . the different kind of rice i have try in my one week testing have all cook so much better than i be able to cook on the stove . it be a little pricey for occasional rice preparation but for the people like i that always like to have rice on hand , it be great ! i would absolutely recommend this product . -lrb- i have not try the bread bake capability yet and probably will not -rrb- .
424	RiceCooker	POS	5	the japanese company get it right with this model . rice be perfectly cook , as be scotch oats , and anything else i have put in here . i make black rice -lrb- try it cook with chicken stock instead of water , and put some butter on it before eat - wow ! -rrb- yesterday , and snack on it all day while it stay perfect on the ` warm ' setting . this be a find , and a keeper . i have have mine almost 3.5 year !
458	RiceCooker	POS	5	wow . just wow . stunning , simple , perfect rice , every time . throw it in , press a button , and in just over a hour you have get perfectly cook rice . ca not say enough positive thing about this model . i have use it for a month now , and it continue to impress . one of these day i 'll read the manual to see what the other button do , but since i get it i have just use the big red cook button , and the off button .
130	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the first time i have have arice ciiker and it be awesome . sometimes the warm light do not go on when it be do but i have no problem with that i take care of it a soon as it id do
98	RiceCooker	POS	5	we try the cheaper model from the same brand and return it . this one work perfectly , especially for cooking very small quantity of rice . could not be happier , and yes , it do employ fuzzy logic when cook the rice . do not buy a cooker without that feature . and everything from this brand be usually very high quality . this one be no exception . if you be a serious cook , this be the entry level . do not go any cheaper . note that it only cook 3 cup . perfect for those who like rice but may not want so much of it . for two people , we have find that 1 cup be enough to satisfy we craving for rice dish for two , without pump up we waistline . it be very easy to use . they give you a measure cup and you measure the rice with the line on the cup -lrb- we use 1\/4 cup per person , but most will probably want 1\/2 cup per person -rrb- , then dump it into the bowl that be include in the thing . next , add water -lrb- some people will stir the rice with they finger -rrb- and pour the water back out to rinse the rice . some of the hull from the rice will float off when you pour the water out . rinse twice , then fill the water back up to the mark correspond to the amount of rice you have in there . yes , you add water to the mark with the rice inside . put the bowl in the unit and close the lid . next you push menu to select the type of rice you have -lrb- white , brown , sushi , etc. , use porridge for steel cut oatmeal -rrb- and push start . if you want to use the timer , instead of push start , push timer , use the arrow to set the time -lrb- it start with the last time you use -rrb- and then push start . the only knock i have be that it take a \* long \* time to cook 1 cup of rice . 40 minute just seem like it be twice as long as it should take . however , because i do not know whether that be longer than other fuzzy logic rice cooker , i do not take a star away from the product . just be forewarn , it take a lot longer than cooking rice on a stove . be it underpowered ? i do not know . the flip side be that it only take 450 watt to run the thing , and so it be less likely to pop the circuit breaker if you have something else go . a little off topic , but if you be look at a rice cooker , you may want to learn about rice . here be what we have learn so far . there be three basic grain size of rice : long grain , medium grain and short grain , also know as sweet rice or sushi rice . each kind have its place . long grain rice be best for fried rice and pilaf - where the rice should not stick together because you want every grain to be coat with a flavoring . by itself , long grain rice be not that great tasting . we americans be use to long grain rice , but wait until you branch out into other type . medium grain rice be for serve just plain rice , like as a side dish with chinese dish . it be easily the best tasting rice by itself . it clump together to a degree , make it easier to eat with chopstick . if you want the most delicious rice you can find , and you will not be flavor it , buy medium grain . it be so much better than that long grain minute rice we grow up with . finally , sushi rice be very short grain and clump like mad . it be generally limit to sushi , where you would be willing to sacrifice flavor to get better clumping , and sweet dish , because of its high starch content . this rice cooker have a special setting for short grain rice . but i find short grain rice to be too artificial tasting , and so even for sweet dish , i use medium grain rice . next , there be two basic type of rice : brown rice , which be how all rice start , or white rice , which be brown rice with essentially all of the nutrient remove . with no nutrient , white rice do not spoil like brown rice can . we have find very little difference in taste between brown rice and white rice . if you do not like brown rice , you be probably think of a exotic variety that have a deeper taste . regular brown rice you buy in the store be very nearly the same taste as white , so we have stop buy white . find botan calrose brown rice in a asian market , look at the health advantage of brown rice on the internet and you 'll never go back . note , there be a special setting on the cooker for brown rice , and different water mark for brown , and brown rice take about 80 -lrb- not a typo -rrb- minute to make one cup . i be sure you can find more detail on line , but that should give you the basics . ditch you long grain rice : you 'll be amaze at how much better medium grain rice can be . and try brown rice : you 'll be shock at how close it be to the nutrient-less white rice . this cooker make all kind of rice really well . i have have it for about three year and we use it nearly every day . it be still work like the day we get it . the nonstick bowl look and act like new . the battery keep all of the setting and the current time , though my understanding be that the battery be not easily replaceable without send it back .
691	RiceCooker	POS	4	excellent product and great value . i only cook 1-2 cup of rice in it . not sure it would cope with any more than that as it be quite small .
281	RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife be from china and be not happy with the way we cook rice in the microwave or stove top . after get the zojirushi rice cooker , she say the rice be excellent . it also look very good sit on we counter top .
35	RiceCooker	POS	5	i get this primarily to make hot oatmeal use the timer feature so it be ready first thing in the a.m. . it work great for that . oh , and it also make rice ! i have a large rice cooker already , but find i really need one suit to smaller batch most of the time and this be perfect .
588	RiceCooker	POS	5	buy two of these , one for myself , one for my sister . have to wait over a month to receive the item , but it be worth the wait . my mother currently have one and she love it . the black color must be very popular since the white one be always in stock . have not use the bread make function and probably will not . the pot use thicker metal and i have not see any scorching of the rice that you can find on many other , cheaper , rice cooker . this item do cost more than you average rice cooker but it make a great pot of rice .
260	RiceCooker	POS	5	great color , kinda red \/ burgandy . make up to 6 cup but we have to adjust the fluid level for different kind of rice -lrb- brown and white -rrb- experiment . the size be smaller than you think and fit on tight counter like ours .
338	RiceCooker	POS	5	i buy this item back in march 2010 and have use it a minimum of 3 time a week every single week since purchase . -lrb- my wife be filipino -rrb- we have never be disappoint with the quality of rice this cooker make . we have also use it to make beef stew as a slow cooker and use it as a vegetable steamer also . it still make rice the way it do when it be brand new . even the non-stick coating on the 2 include pot be still fully intact and look brand new . it be operation have be flawless . the only thing you might have to make adjustment to as you use it be to learn the right amount of water to add to you uncooked rice to get the desire consistency you like . this be not a con but a learning curve . now we make only make 3 cup of rice at a time 3 time a week . we do this because the rice stick together after 24 to 36 hour and we like freshly cook jasmine rice whenever possible . the clean-up could not be easier . the steam condensation be collect inside the cooker . very well make . i highly recommend this item .
213	RiceCooker	POS	5	this little rice cooker be the best rice cooker i have ever use . the little music tune when it start and finish make all the girl smile and the rice come out perfect everytime . the fuzzy logic timer let you plan meal on point and the pressurized lid keep it moist and hot until you want it .
225	RiceCooker	POS	5	i have be use this every day for about a month and it work perfectly with perfect rice every time . the really nice thing about it be that you can time the rice to be do at a certain time , so then you do not have to wait in order to soak the rice , you just fill up the cooker again after you finish the rice and time it to cook the next batch . it keep the rice warm automatically , and the warming feature work really well . i have keep rice warm for a full day , and it seem to stay nice . i recommend that you get a big bag of good quality rice like tamanishikus and have at it .
873	RiceCooker	POS	5	great product , fast shipping and work very well . i be use it every day . i love it . the rice cooker cook the rice just right and keep it warm for all day . easy to clean and small enough to keep in refrigerator .
51	RiceCooker	POS	4	when i open the box , i could not believe my eye . it be so small , almost like a toy . but it be enough to cook a meal for 1 or 2 people . and it cook much slower than my previous one make by rival , which break suddenly after only 3 month usage . hope this one can last longer .
791	RiceCooker	POS	5	we do not realize how bad we previous aroma rice cooker have get after 10 yr of use until it stop work and we buy the arc-150sb as a replacement . the first batch make with this new rice cooker come out perfect : fluffy and moist . it be well design , too . the lid lock down , so we get none of the splatter that occur out of the loose lid on the previous cooker . it even have a small water catch tray that trap the water that run off when the lid be open . this be a very good rice cooker for the price . recommend .
313	RiceCooker	POS	5	if you buy or have buy this machine , than you my friend have arrive . this little machine be the ultimate in rice and steam cooking , basically whatever you want it to do within 30 minute and its do . i personally like make my crushed red pepper chicken with rice . have fun with this , its simply perfect .
418	RiceCooker	POS	5	i decide to splurge and buy a nice rice cooker for myself . i only have a few ` must-haves : ' a timer , so i could have dinner ready and wait when i come home from work , and steel cut oats for breakfast when i wake up in the morning ; and it should cook decent brown rice . i read lot of review and dither for a week or two over whether to get a zojirushi or a bigger sanyo with more feature like steam . i also consider get something cheaper , without the microcomputer . eventually i pick this one base on price , size -lrb- both amount of rice cook and overall footprint -rrb- , the thick pot , and review . so far -lrb- i have have it about 2 month -rrb- , i like it a lot . i love use it to cook oatmeal . i use to do it overnight in a slow cooker , but this be even easier . i use the porridge setting with a little less water . the oats cook with a better consistency and the bowl just need a quick sponge off afterward . one small annoyance be the amount of water that drip down when i open the lid -lrb- this do not happen with rice , just oatmeal -rrb- . but it stay in the cavity around the lid , and i soak it up with a paper towel . rice -lrb- i have only cook brown -rrb- come out pretty well . i have not miss the steam feature that much -- sometimes i throw in other stuff with the rice so i can have a convenient one-bowl meal , or put some food that need a little reheat on top of the rice right after it finish cooking and be in ` keep warm ' mode . i have not try bake bread or make dolsot bibimbap but they seem like they 'll be fun to try . i wish you could save at least two timer setting -lrb- breakfast and dinner -rrb- , but my schedule vary enough that i would probably have to manually set it most of the time anyway . and the review about the flake pot have make i paranoid so that i treat the pot very delicately , although it seem like the nonstick surface will be pretty durable as long as you do not scratch it . but those be minor thing , and in actual use it be be great .
395	RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a great rice cooker with result so good that when i order in chinese and they ask i what kind of rice i 'll just say `` none , thanks '' . that be the gist of it : consistently perfect and flavorful rice with no effort , make it easy to recommend this small appliance in a heartbeat . that say , if you be a careful shopper like i and peruse all the review here on amazon , here be some aspect that do not seem entirely cover : size . the 3 cup that this cooker be refer to be japanese `` go '' cup - only 3\/4th of the american counterpart -lrb- 180ml vs. 240ml as per wikipedium -rrb- . also , the capacity be reduce to 2 go cup when cooking brown rice - that be 1.5 american cup . i think that might explain some of the disappointment that people display after buy a `` 3 cup rice cooker '' . that say , i believe this should be sufficient for many use : 1\/2 go cup be just the right size for a side of rice for one person , and 1 go cup be practically a meal . design . i happen to find this cooker not attractive enough to keep out in the open . yes , it be get brush metal side , but the white plastic lining really make it look silly and inexpensive . it seem to be more a toy than a kitchen appliance and as one reviewer mention , it would go well with hello kitty sticker -lrb- although she think it be cute ; as a guy , i do not -rrb- . also , when i first start a batch of rice , my thought be `` oh no '' as a electronic lullaby start just a tad too loudly . luckily , this can be switch to beep-only or silence altogether . minus 1\/2 a star just for look . documentation . not as bad as i expect after read the `` chinglish '' review . really , it be fine ! and you might not even need it , except once , to set the clock and alarm tone . time display . here go another 1\/2 star : the display will not tell you when the cooking be do until a few minute before finish . with cooking time of up to 1.5 hour that be a real nuisance . ok , i hear a lot of people say `` oh that be the nature of fuzzy logic '' - but it be not like the unit do not know when it 'll finish : if you set the timer to have you batch do by a certain time , it 'll be ready practically on the minute . i just want that display , that be all . usability . some love of detail have go into the design of this machine , and as a computer\/interface person i appreciate that . i keep on thinking , `` wow the engineer must use this at home every day '' when the power cord retract , the clock do not lose the time as i unplug the unit , and cleaning could not possibly be easier . other use . oatmeal : use only 1\/2 of the recommend amount of water on the package with the `` porridge '' setting . black rice : let it soak for a hour or more before cooking -lrb- easy , just set the timer -rrb- .
160	RiceCooker	POS	5	i love the black and decker rice cooker . it be perfect size and easy useage be the reason why i make a second purchase of this item . it would make a great gift for a college student or a wedding gift for sure . the seller provide excellent service .
190	RiceCooker	POS	4	a great product for the price . it do the job smoothly . the reason i be not give 5 star be because it be not dishwasher save .
303	RiceCooker	POS	4	this be a good cooker for small amount of rice . 1 or 2 cup uncooked rice be perfect for this cooker .
357	RiceCooker	POS	5	i have only use this aroma arc 8 cup rice cooker a few time , but i love . i eat rice much at least once a week now . i be tear to spend a lot of a fancy machine or try this , and i be glad i do . no bubble over , easy to clean , and rice be cook nicely . i use the instruction from the machine -lrb- not the bag -rrb- and the rice have come out great . however , i do rinse the rice first . i have not leave rice on the warm set more than 45 minute after cooking so i have no experience with it burn . i highly recommend .
572	RiceCooker	POS	5	i recently buy this product to replace one that the lid break and i really like it ! it cook and steam very well . i be very pleased with its look and the size be compact , which be perfect for my small kitchen .
146	RiceCooker	POS	4	so far -lrb- 8-10 use -rrb- , this product have be perfect . positive point : - do exactly what you ask it to do . my rice -lrb- either white basmatus or jasmine , or brown or black -rrb- be all well cook , and it reach my perfect taste after have wait for 10-15 minute on `` keep warm '' . - seem to be a good quality item compare to its -lrb- rather cheap -rrb- price . - i do not remark any spill around the exhaust vent of my rice cooker , even if i read it happen to a few other people with the same item -lrb- it happen with my previous rice cooker , and do not really bother i anyway -rrb- . - quite easy to clean , except for the lid -lrb- see below -rrb- . negative point : - the rice take quite some time to cook -lrb- around 30 minute -rrb- , which be a bit longer than if you do it in a saucepan -lrb- either w \/ a lot of water or in sushi-rice\/risotto style -rrb- , and also a bit longer than with my 2 previous rice cooker . - quite easy to clean , except for the lid , which do not seem to be able to be take apart from the entire rice cooker , which force you to clean it in try not to put water anywhere else on the rice cooker -- -rrb- not very practical , consider that the rice steam stick a bit if it dry , and that it be really easy to clean right away -lrb- well , a bit less with this machine -rrb- . i do not test the other function of the rice cooker -lrb- slow cooking + steamer -rrb- , but i doubt you will do it every day either ... all in all , i like this product and would buy it again without hesitate . i 'll remember the aroma brand , which i do not know before .
59	RiceCooker	POS	4	you can read my original 1-star -lrb- should have be zero -rrb- review below . after post it , i email a copy to aroma through they web site . i receive a email back say i could have it fix through warranty . i write back thank they for respond , but point out they have not actually read what they be respond to since the point be that they make it more expensive to have it fix under warranty than it would be to buy it new -lrb- again -rrb- . next day a aroma rep call i . i have to explain again that they warranty term make the warranty worthless and why . she response , `` well , that would just be silly ! it would make no sense . '' -lrb- that be my point . -rrb- she go on to say that they have change they warranty from what be include with the product precisely because it be ridiculous to ask the customer to pay more than the replacement cost to get a warranty repair . she tell i that all i have to do be to provide proof-of-purchase . no return . no s&h; fee . i go online to my amazon account , save the order as a pdf and email it to the rep. within a week a new rice cooker arrive . admittedly , i have not try it -lrb- because i have already purchase a different-brand replacement locally -rrb- . hopefully , the replacement aroma cooker will last more than two time . still , i be impressed that they respond , call , and replace the unit . o r i g i n a l r e v i e w s t a r t s b e l o w : i love the red color . this be go to be a great fit for the decor at my cabin . three time this work just fine . the fourth time it get so hot that the bottom inch and a half of rice be a solid brick . i pull the pot out of the cooker and set it down into water in the sink . it fizzle , pop , steam for a unreasonably long time . the burnt rice be so harden that it come right out in one piece . however , after wash the pot with just a soapy sponge , i realize that the teflon coating be flake off . still , i try again to see what would happen . i find that it only know the hottest setting -- no simmer , not `` warm '' -- just extremely hot . i have check the warranty . forget it . really , in all honesty , there be no warranty on these . for a warranty claim , you have to call to get a rma . then ship it back to they at you expense . and you have to include $ 13 to have they ship a replacement or repair one back to you . so , the get it repair under warranty will cost more than just buy another .
603	RiceCooker	POS	5	i just get this , and just eat my first meal from it today . brown rice -lrb- the hardest to cook well -rrb- , and some steamed organic carrot , broccoli , baby bok choy and mustard green . some dry oregano and a little lemon juice for flavor . perfect rice , delicious meal ! i follow the grocery store recommend proportion -lrb- 2 cup water to 1 measure of rice -rrb- for bulk long-grain brown rice , not the user manual -lrb- 1 up water to 1 measure of rice -rrb- and cook it for about a hour , add the veggie steamer at about 45 minute . it go to warm after about a hour , and rather than risk it burn the rice on the bottom , i let it sit on warm for 5 minute and then unplug it and leave it for another 5 minute . i stir it with a silicone spatula a couple of time while cooking . -lrb- the plastic spoon be miss from the box , but i would not have use it anyway , because i want to preserve the teflon as long as possible -rrb- . the result be , to repeat , perfect . a simple meal , totally delicious , cook without a kitchen . i like my toy , and i be look at a stainless steel japanese model with a supercomputer run it , that cost north of $ 250 . i buy this one on impulse , and it do the job for about $ 14 . i do not know how long it will last , and i do not care . it will pay for itself in 3 or 4 meal . a great intro to use a rice cooker , and i may be use it for year to come . recommend for a single person if you be cook a complete meal , or 2 people if you be cooking rice as a side dish .
804	RiceCooker	POS	5	love it a lot , its easy to use and easy to clean . from outside to inside this rice cooker have a great price , quality and performance . i will highly recommend it to everyone .
182	RiceCooker	POS	4	i buy this several year ago from the amazon warehouse deal . it really be great . it cook rice perfectly . i have cook both white and brown rice , and also use it for some recipe i find online . with the programming , you can also use it as a slow cooker . my only complaint be the manual -- it be hard to understand .
323	RiceCooker	POS	5	i love this rice cooker . i can not say enough good about it . i would recommend this product to anyone . this be a first rate product . it be worth the money .
441	RiceCooker	POS	4	this rice cooker be right appropriate for i and my roommate , and it look so cute . i expect it would last long .
365	RiceCooker	POS	4	i recently buy this beautiful cooker . rice be well cook , do not stick to the pot . make scoop and serve easy . only thing that i be not quite comfortable be that after the cooking mode it automatically go to warm mode , which can only be turn off by unplug the cable .
237	RiceCooker	POS	5	i purchase this cooker in the beginning of february 2011 after read many review because i want the perfect one that be within my budget . the cooker arrive quickly but the first time i try it out , it just work ok but it keep switch itself on to warm even though the rice be definitely not cook . i try turn it back onto cook but it would not let i do it so i add some water , mix the rice and close the lid , it then let i put it on cook . it do this a few time , in the end of a long wait , the rice be cook and taste pretty good . i try this cooker a few time and it do the same thing , so i contact amazon and return it for a exchange of the same machine . i think it might be defective and want to give it another chance . amazon give i a prepaid return label for i to print out and i choose to have ups come to my home to pick it up , amazon send out a replacement . the ups guy arrive around noon the follow day and pick up the return , about 10 minute later , fed ex arrive with my replacement . i be impressed ! i immediately wash the inner bowl , steam tray , measure cup and spoon and put it to the test . i make a batch of rice , the minimum amount which be 2 cup raw rice , set my own timer and in exactly 20 minute , the rice be completely cook , nice and fluffy , it be perfect ! a lot of steam come out of the lid when i open it . i make more rice , this time make 3 cup and it cook in about 35 minute , the machine do need a little water add and mixed and back onto cook . this really work very well and i be very satisfied with it . no more cooking rice on the stove for i , i will recommend this rice cooker to anyone look for a good affordable machine . i have not yet use the veggie tray but will be try it out next .
721	RiceCooker	POS	5	this little steamer be a excellent and easy way to cook rice . it come out perfectly every time and clean up be so easy .
653	RiceCooker	POS	5	it be give as a gift . the recipient have use it and love it . they use it several time a week .
143	RiceCooker	POS	5	i have use many rice cooker over the year , and the best be make by japan . this sanyo make perfect rice and at a fair and reasonable price . it have great quality and be super simple to use .
910	RiceCooker	POS	5	never think i would decide to get a rice cooker - why bother ?! a friend convinced i and now i be devoted !
989	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be my very first rice cooker and i be extremely happy with it ! it work wonderfully and be not costly at all . i be in love .
227	RiceCooker	POS	4	update : get a replacement unit after the first one fail after the 1st use . i be also glad that i could exchange it through amazon . the replacement rice maker have be work fine and make great rice . i do want this rice maker and so far i be glad that the new one be work well . the 1st unit have this problem : make great rice the 1st time but after first use it break . the button pop up prematurely on second use and go into warm mode . light go out half way through cooking . this be the same reliability problem that other be report here on amazon .
420	RiceCooker	POS	5	i have not actually use it for rice yet , but i have use it twice for other meal . it be great .
334	RiceCooker	POS	5	i buy it about 2 year ago from amazon for rice & rice soup cooking . it be the best rice cooker i ever have . i use it for , - rice cook : timer cook steam rice after 8 hour , it still taste like fresh . you can start the cook in the morning . the rice will be ready when you get back from work in the evening . it use only 10w\/hour for keep it warm . - rice soup : almost every night , i add in 2tb oat meal & 3 tb rice & 3cup water into the slow cooker , and set it to 6 hour for slow cooking . in the morning morning , it have my rice soup do . it be so very well make with titanium , simply the best quality .
958	RiceCooker	POS	4	for the new year resolution to lose weight , i be cut down on starch food . the zojirushi rice cooker be perfect for that reason . . set the program be simple and you be able to set it in the morning for whenever you wish it to be ready for you meal ...
256	RiceCooker	POS	5	my first batch of brown rice from this unit be a revelation . i have use other rice cooker and i simply do not know what i be miss . even my parrot love the stuff , they scarf down every grain i put in they foodbowl . i have try other type of rice with result i consider superior to restaurant rice , at least for the restaurant i have eat in . if you want to change you life through superior nutrition this be a big help . fit just about anywhere and be very easy to use . no con so far . -lrb- about a month . -rrb-
683	RiceCooker	POS	5	my japanese friend pick this out for i from the amazon site . you can spend upward to 250.00 for a rice cooker , but this one work great . the gentleman at the japanese market say that rice cooker do not do a great job with brown rice and he be right , but it cook it good enough for i . white rice , sticky rice come out great . a little brown with some type of rice on the bottom of the pan be normal my friend tell i . in fact some people include myself like it . pay $ 58.00 and free shipping .
404	RiceCooker	POS	5	the `` cup '' be not really a cup - more like 3\/4 of a cup , so if you really need 4 cup , you may want a larger unit . nevertheless , this be a great rice cooker . it make flawless rice with almost no effort . it be perfect for two people - make enough for a meal with leftovers for a second meal . would probably be ok for 3-4 people if you want to make a fresh batch with every meal . extremely easy to clean , too . we be very happy with it and use it all the time .
580	RiceCooker	POS	5	this product be all i expect and more . i be concern it would be too small for a two person family , but that be not the case . it make perfect rice and be easy to clean up afterwards . you must buy the ultimate rice cooker cookbook to get the full benefit of this beautifully engineer cooker .
480	RiceCooker	POS	5	cut up some garlic in you rice for a extra tasty kick . this be big enough for two people , but if you have a family of more than three , go with something bigger . make perfect rice , but if you do the max amount of rice , put a little less than the recommend amount of water or it be liable to boil over -lrb- my fiance find that one out the hard way ! -rrb- .
326	RiceCooker	POS	5	i want to make long grain easily , but i also want very good cook long grain . this rice steamer be the only one i have find that have a brown rice setting . it take about 1 3\/4 hour to make the brown rice , about a half hour for white . i also steam my vegetable at the same time . easy to clean . the price be right , also .
569	RiceCooker	POS	5	im currently deploy in afgahistan and be look for a small , durable rice cooker\/warmer to make whie rice . the size be perfect cause all i need be enough for myself and 1 other friend . it keep the rice fresh and the timmer fuction be perfect . all i do be add the rice and water and set it before i wake up so that i have fresh rice for breakfast -lrb- i be a type of person that can eat rice for every meal -rrb- . the only thing i didnt like be the melody it play and how loud the beeping be . i live in a tent with other people , and we have diffrent sleep time , so it would be nice if there be a opition for silent mode . but hey , its not like everyone in my type of situation . i would recommend this to any bachelor or student .
41	RiceCooker	POS	5	my first rice cooker ! cute as a dang button . plays i a song when cooking begin and end . small footprint , quality material , adorable logo ... and the rice be not bad either . it cheer i up immediately . worth the price !
408	RiceCooker	POS	5	great rice cooker . works great for brown rice , white rice , and yes , even wild rice -lrb- actually , not a rice , but a grain -rrb- . however , my favorite dish be steel cut -lrb- pinhead -rrb- oatmeal . setup the ns-lac05 at night before bedtime . set the cooker to `` porridge '' and set the timer for the desire completion time . use one zojus cup of pinhead oats -lrb- i like bob 's red mill -rrb- , 3 zojus cup of water , brown sugar to taste , some raisin , cinnamon , and optional vanilla extract . wake in the morning to delicious steel cut oats . use the keep warm mode to keep the oatmeal warm for the late riser in the family .  zojirushi ns-lac05 micom 3-cup rice cooker and warmer , stainless steel
833	RiceCooker	POS	5	i purchase this rice cooker because when i make rice in my 8 cup rice cooker i either do not eat all of it and throw much away , or i only make a little and the bottom end up burn my rice because it be too powerful for how little rice i have in there . this rice cooker be just right for the amount of rice i cook . it be compact and efficient . i will say that i be worry about break the lid as it be make of glass and be very precariously set upon the top . it almost feel like it do not fit the cooker . pro : easy to use - simple press down to cook line inside pot for easy measurement of water small amount of rice at a time to reduce waste food cord be long enough inexpensive con : precarious glass lid -lrb- ... -rrb-
561	RiceCooker	POS	5	very good cooker better than one i use to have that last a few month . so far this one have be very good , great buy , ty amazon
251	RiceCooker	POS	5	i have own this ricemaker for over a year now and use it regularly . it be easy to use and make the most amazing brown rice . cleanup be a breaze . look forward to many more year of good use .
700	RiceCooker	POS	5	first , there be some really wacky review here . accord to some this cooker can do some appalling thing . after have use this a few time i wonder what they be do wrong . i can only conclude that they do not follow the instruction . i will echo other reviewer : if you follow the instruction precisely it will perform superbly . i do not really like rice and i never fix it for myself , but my dog have a sensitive g.i. tract -lrb- one of the and require a full cup of rice with each meal in addition to he normal food . the rice work wonder . but it leave i with the need to cook a enormous amount of rice on a persistent basis , so i decide to get this cooker . i find it incredibly convenient and easy to clean . there be zero mess , which leave i confused about some of the other review . all i can say be that i follow the instruction pretty precisely and have have no problem of any sort . the inner container work as a superb storage unit for the refrigerator . the one thing that i do be take a piece of plastic wrap and cover the container with it . there be a small hole in the lid that allow steam to escape during cooking , but i want to plug it up to keep the rice from dry out in the refrigerator . the only thing that i can add that be anywhere close to a negative comment be that when i make 14 cup it fill the container completely . if i try to make 16 cup it would possibly exceed the storage capacity of the container and create some of the problem other reviewer have note . so while i strongly recommend this cooker , i also recommend cooking no more than 14 cup . but i can not imagine many people need that much . so as long as you follow instruction but keep the amount just a bit below the recommend maximum this will be a outstanding rice cooker for almost anyone .
974	RiceCooker	POS	5	i buy the aroma arc 150sb 20 cup digital rice cooker and food steamer and it do everything i want it for and more . i use it on a daily basis .
296	RiceCooker	POS	4	after read other review before purchase i learn i should follow the cooking direction on the rice package , not the recipe book . i have success with white and brown rice . for fluffy rice be sure to stir with the provide paddle at end of cooking , before leave the rice to stay warm . wash brown rice to avoid the boil over that can occur , which be messy to clean up ! i cook less rice than this cooker claim to be able to cook . i do not think you could successfully cook the capacity claim without boil over . i love that everything go in the dishwasher for easy clean up .
346	RiceCooker	POS	5	buy this item in dec. 2009 and have be use it about two month now - we really like it ! strong even steam and very versatile . the cooker have lot of cooking option but be easy to use overall . we steam lot of vegetable use this cooker and they always come out great once you figure out how much time be best for the amount you have . rice be evenly cook and come out nice and fluffy . the build in power cord retract into the cooker base which be a nice feature as well . the unit be easy to clean and be a good compact size which save in storage space . overall we be very happy with the purchase with zero issue so far .
566	RiceCooker	POS	5	i never think i need a rice cooker , i have be cooking excellent rice on the stove for 30 + year , but i when i read about this cooker as also a good steel-cut oats cooker , i decide it be time to get one . i read review on all the other model and finally settle on this one . i absolutely can not believe how much i love this thing . it make great rice and great oatmeal -lrb- soaked , which be what i want -rrb- and it be so super easy ! so easy . be sure to read some of the other review here that tell you how much water to use and simply put , how to use the machine , because the manual might as well be in greek . haha . oh -- when i get this , i immediately think i should have get the larger unit , because the maximum amount you can make be 3 cup white rice , and less for brown rice . but -- i now think it be perfect , we be a 2 person household , and it be so easy to use that there be no reason not to make fresh rice every day if you want to . also , i order the ultimate rice cooker cookbook , hensperger , at the same time and it be great , very helpful , informative and have yummy recipe . very highly recommend .
108	RiceCooker	POS	5	i like to look at review so i provide they . this rice cooker be amazing . when the rice cook you just walk away and do . you rice be ready . pretty easy to clean . make you you pay attention to the rice measurement and steam veggy , it do a great job as well .
161	RiceCooker	POS	5	buy this rice cooker a few week ago and it be exactly what i need . i can cook 4 cup of rice -lrb- uncooked -rrb- , which feed about 4-5 people . it cook in about 30 minute and it be super reliable and easy to use . i also love the stainless steel look . a lot of rice cooker do not offer that .
407	RiceCooker	POS	5	i cook for myself and sometimes my boyfriend , this work really great and wa brand new . it work great but its not 3 cup ... i love it . cook great rice
534	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the perfect size rice cooker for my husband and i . fit on my available counter space -lrb- i probably have every small appliance know to man -rrb- . i love steel cut oats but hate the time to cook in the morning . i set this up the night before on brown rice setting and my oatmeal be ready in the be . cook great rice also .
286	RiceCooker	POS	4	like the color ; the bright red match the rest of my kitchen stuff . and it be just the right size for two people . not for more people . get something else if you require a rice cooker for larger gathering .
95	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the easiest way to cook rice ! it be even easier than instant rice . put in the rice ; put in water ; and turn it on . presto , perfectly make rice . great size for a single person -lrb- or maybe even a couple -rrb- . easy to clean . i love it . allan
179	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be the first rice cooker that i have own , so i do not have anything to compare with . however , this be easy to use and do a wonderful job in cooking rice -- perfect every time . when i first receive it , i have several question so i call the 1-800 number and the representative be friendly and helpful in fully answer my question . i would not hesitate in purchase another aroma product or recommend one to a friend .
731	RiceCooker	POS	5	this cooker make the best brown rice , time after time . the end result allways come out perfect . easy to clean to boot .
349	RiceCooker	POS	5	i have be debate buy a rice cooker for year , but i could never rationalize buy one . i know that ` good ' rice cooker be expensive , it would take up extra kitchen space for a very specialize device , and i be a little worried it would take a lot of trial and error to get it to work properly . my decision change recently when i decide that i need to eat less meat and process food . the most sensible way to do that seem to be to replace some of my diet with simple grain and bean . these food be really cheap , they keep a really long time -lrb- dry -rrb- , they be not heavily process , and they re-heat well . as simple as oatmeal , rice , and bean be to make , the inconvenience be still the primary factor keep i from make they a large part of my diet . when i discover that a rice cooker could be use for all of these food i be sell . i go with this model because it be on the cheaper end of `` fuzzy logic '' cooker , and because it have excellent review . i have be use it for a few month now , and i must say , my initial concern be completely unwarranted . first off , the footprint be very small -lrb- less than 1 by 1.5 ft -rrb- , plus the handle and retractable cord make stow super easy . kitchen space be a very minor issue . this model be also very simple to use ; set timer , set mode , and start . with that , it make spectacular quality white or brown rice every time . since i start use this cooker the amount of grain and rice i eat have go from basically none to over 30 % of my diet . give how much cheaper rice , bean , and oatmeal be when compare to typical food this translate to substantial savings over time . it be also more environmentally conscious to eat that way . i would recommend this cooker to nearly anybody , it be just so simple to use .
248	RiceCooker	POS	5	do cooking in about 20 minute . when pack rice for lunch it be easy to start cooking and go for bathing and come back to pack . sleek and good look , do not occupy much space . best value for the price and i get it with free shipping . go for it .
159	RiceCooker	POS	5	although i have to admit i have only use this rice cooker in the ` quick cook ' mode , the rice have come out perfect each and every time . two japanese cup provide for about 4 serving of perfectly cook basmatus rice . what impress i the most be the high quality material and attention to detail in its design .
380	RiceCooker	POS	4	i have only use it a few time - but i really like it . at first the rice be just a bit dry , but i add two tablespoon more water than usual and it come out just right . i be use plain , bulk , indian rice , long grain , no-rinse rice . i ignore the mark inside the pot ... i just add twice the water as i do rice -lrb- by volume -rrb- , plus 2 tablespoon water , and it be fine . i use the plastic measure cup that come with it to measure rice and water . i use my regular kitchen tablespoon measure to add the 2 extra dose of water . i have not try the other function , so i can not comment on they - it bake bread too , but i have not do it . it make much better rice than i have be able to do on the cookstove in a pot ! if you can afford it , buy it , as it make cooking easier .
751	RiceCooker	POS	5	if you be look for a quality brown rice cooker look no further . perfect rice everytime . the keep warm feature be also pretty sweet . i can go to class cooking my rice and come back to a warm bowl of rice
105	RiceCooker	POS	5	be on the fence about order this until i discover that we friend , a vegan couple , have this exact one and they use it on a regular basis . they swear by it , so we buy it . love it !! we be a kidless couple so the amount of rice it make be more than enough for we for a meal , we always have leftovers . ca not go wrong with this rice cooker .
29	RiceCooker	POS	5	i have search for a rice cooker for a very long time . i do in fact buy a cheaper model at wal mart , a very well known brand that have great review . however i know right off it make lousy rice . i do want one make in japan not china . however i do choose this sanyo . i be very happy with the outcome . i do not make a lot rice . i be single retired & live alone . i do have back issue & stand at the stove to watchpot be not something i can do or want to do . this rice cooker cook all kind of rice to perfection . i also have make one pot meal with add chicken breast & some spice , from the little cookbook that come with . it be very good as well . i make a shrimp meal to . i like the very sturdy inner bowl . the whole unit be sturdy while be lightweight . be small but large enough for plenty of rice . its very easy to use . the button be nice a big & you can see they very well . i do wish the buzzer where louder tho . its very low & you can t barely hear it . still have to watch the clock & set a timer i can hear . it do finish when the book say it do . right on the dot . i do not use the warmer . i take out the rice when finish . i do not intend to use it for bread making . i have a breadmachine . i be very happy with this sanyo rice cooker .
83	RiceCooker	POS	5	i purchase this item from target - on sale for $ 29.99 this week ! i absolutely love it . i have only use it once so far , but it be so easy and the rice come out perfect . i be try to decide if i should buy this one or a expensive brand like tiger that my friend have , and this rice taste the same as hers . it do not stick at all and i leave it on warm for many hour and it still taste great . you can not go wrong with this !
582	RiceCooker	POS	4	great tiny appliance but if you want to learn to economize when cooking rice : this one for you ! when i read its description of a 3 cup cooker i imagine 3 cup of rice . not so ... 2cups water + one cup rice = 3 cups\/yield total ingredient . will be useful for heat up cheese sauce , dip etc. . so really usueful once you get over the shock of it be tiny size .
663	RiceCooker	POS	5	love this ! as someone new to a rice-cooker , i do not want to get the most expensive one . i research , and find better review with aroma brand than some other model at amazon . also , as a family of 5 , i like the capacity this one have . if you make brown rice , do not forget to read the manual . you can only put a maximum of 4 cup dry rice in due to the need for additional water . i have make sushi rice , yellow rice , and steamer basket at least 4 time a week since i purchase . i ask my 10 year old what she want for breakfast ... she say , `` rice '' . lol easy to use , easy to handwash inside container , and simply wipe\/disinfect inner lid , etc. . .
991	RiceCooker	POS	4	everything be good with this product , just it be too small even for one person . i sometime want to steam some vegetable but it be too small .
716	RiceCooker	POS	5	panasonic do they homework ! perfect rice in 30 minute . no over-boil spillage . not worry about teflon . if that do not kill we , something else will . just wish i do not have to unplug it if i want to stop the " keep warm " feature . a old rice cooker have the ability to just push the " lever " up to power off . but i will not take a star away for that , ut i will probably want to in the future if i move the plug into a less desirable spot haha
298	RiceCooker	POS	5	my wife and i become busy recently and decide it be time to finally get a rice cooker to save some time in the kitchen . we buy a cheap old-school rice cooker and the rice would scorch , water would boil out of lid , and the rice be worse than cook the rice on the stove top . then we decide to invest in a good rice cooker . the zojirushi ns-lac05 be everything we hope for and more . we want a rice cooker that would make great rice , that could handle smaller amount of rice , that have a timer , and could handle a variety of different rice . this rice cooker be a dream . - it be attractive . we have already receive compliment from guest . - its footprint be very reasonable for a small kitchen . - with a thick , stick proof bowl the rice do not burn to any spot and clean up be simple . - it easily make rice for 2 adult -lrb- 1.5 of the `` cup '' for we -rrb- but could handle 4 adult -lrb- 3 `` cup '' -rrb- with normal eating habit . note : the cup be not full size cup of rice . - it do a great job on a variety of rice ; there be different setting for different rice and the measurement marking appear correct for different rice . so far we have try long grain brown , medium grain brown , sushi , jasmine , white basmatus , brown basmatus , and brown\/white mix . we have not have a bad batch of rice . - the computer 's fuzzy logic algorithm -lrb- i.e. `` micom neuro fuzzy '' -rrb- constantly adjust the temperature so the rice come out perfect every time . i also think the cooker start out at a low temperature and gradually step up the heat but i be not 100 % sure . - the heavy bowl seem to distribute heat perfectly and there be no scorched rice or crust attach to the bowl . - the timer be convenient for set the rice to be complete at a specific time , at which point it keep you rice warm . we have find it complete cooking within a minute or two of the timer setting . there be two timer setting that you can adjust ... presumably so you could have you rice prepare for breakfast & dinner in japan . - the retractable cord be a nice feature . - there be even a little holder for the include rice paddle that attach to the side of the cooker . we have even use it to make polenta . just use 1 zojirushi-cup of corn grits , chicken broth up to 2-cup brown rice mark , and cook use the white rice setting . when it be do , put the mixture in a bowl and let it cool to room temperature . i would highly recommend this rice cooker . it be probably not big enough for a big family but for a single person , a couple , or a small family it will probably fit the bill perfectly . i can not over-emphasize the quality of rice the cooker produce ... it be like a dream have rice as good or better than a restaurant at home . we probably eat grain cook in this machine 6-7 night a week . once you switch to this zojirushi you 'll never want to go back to you old way .
781	RiceCooker	POS	5	i be very satisfied with this rice cooker . i use it to cook white or brown rice , the brown be my favorite . the brown rice take a little longer to cook because you have to double the amount of water . for example , if you use one cup of white rice , you use one cup of water . with the brown rice , you use two cup of water for one cup of brown rice . make sure to rinse the rice several time before place it in the cooker . rinse until the water be relatively clear . this step will keep the rice from be sticky after it cook . clean up be a breeze .
393	RiceCooker	POS	4	even though the rice cooker stop work , i be still give it 4 star because it be good when it be work . after i have wash the pot , i would consistently put it back onto the cooker , so maybe the cooker have water damage from my carelessness . only thing i do not like about it be that it be not able to keep rice warm for a long while , it end up burn the food at the bottom .
31	RiceCooker	POS	5	cook rice -lrb- usually indian basmatus -rrb- perfectly , and steam veggy at the same time . very happy with it . no problem so far with rice sticking to bottom .
618	RiceCooker	POS	5	i purchase my aroma rice cooker at target as i love rice . i originally bid on a much more expensive one on ebay but be outbid even at $ 120 . anyhow , i be at target , see this one and think ... what the heck . i follow direction to make 4 cup of brown rice . i hit the brown rice button and that be it . one hour and 45 minute later i eat what i consider to be the best brown rice i have ever have . it do not stick together as you get at fine restaurant , and it be fluffy . i love it ! the best feature -lrb- i think -rrb- about this machine be that when you rice be cook , it automatically switch over to keep warm setting . therefore , you can never overcook it . if you undercook it it be only because you do not allow it to cook for the time the instruction tell you to . i be now so glad that i purchase this one . i pay $ 35 for it versus the $ 120 i would have pay for the zojirushi 3 cup rice cooker .
632	RiceCooker	POS	5	recently upgrade . be happy with the last product from the same company . the first thing that strike i be how attractive this product be . very high-tech look and easy to use -lrb- after a couple review of the manual and some practice -rrb- it really have alot of function you would not expect on other rice cooker . the slow cooking function do a good job on soup too . overall i be very satisfied
439	RiceCooker	POS	5	before buy this , i be use a american brand rice cooker -lrb- the most terrible experience ever -rrb- . this one be great ! cooking rice in the way i want ! the only thing be that there be too much steam leave on the lid once the rice be do .
348	RiceCooker	POS	5	i get this product for my boyfriend , and we love it ! the rice be cook perfectly every time , and the warming feature work well , even after 10 hour . i definitely want to buy one of these for myself .
432	RiceCooker	POS	5	this be a great machine . easy to use ; easy to clean , small and light-weight , etc. . i almost buy a different machine that i see at a local store , because the brand be familiar and the machine be attactive . however , after do a little research , i choose this rice cooker , and i be very glad that i take the time to shop a bit before spend my money .
908	RiceCooker	POS	5	i almost do not buy this because most of the recent review be bad . then i read they and it seem like most of they be bad because of the size . since i just want a rice cooker to make a small amount , not family size , this be perfect for what i need it for . i be so glad i do buy it . it be perfect . i use the cup that come with it to measure my rice and water , and it turn out perfect . as long as you realize that this be not a large rice cooker and be good for just 1 or 2 serving , you will not regret buy this .
45	RiceCooker	POS	4	the rice cooker work fine . it be smaller than i think . the web say it could contain 8-cup . however , customer should know that 8 cup contain of 4-cup rice and 4-cup water . so it be fit for 1-4 people .
396	RiceCooker	POS	5	rice be something that be make at least once a week in my household . previous to purchase the sanyo ecj-hc55 rice cooker , i have a simple oster rice cooker that do a adequate job . it only have a toggle switch that cook the rice . it make pretty good white and brown rice , but there be also some issue with it . the bowl be lightweight and the non-stick coating be flake off . also , when the unit signal that the rice be cook , the top would be fine , but the bottom would be crusty and almost burnt and stick to the bottom . i finally get feed up and start look on amazon for a replacement . i be pretty set on pick a zojirushi model from all of the positive review i read on not only amazon but other website as well . as i be browse , this sanyo model catch my eye . it look pretty sleek with its metal face and top while the rest of the body be white . after read the review for it and compare the feature in a similarly price zojirushi model , i decide to take the plunge and pick up the sanyo . what a amazing little machine . the construction be solid , the bowl for the rice be heavy and well make . the unit have all kind of setting for the various type of rice . in addition , the unit come with another lid insert and another bowl to do slow cooking in the unit . it also come with a plastic insert that state it be for make tofu . not sure if i will ever use that , but i do like that i have the option . the rice it make be perfect , be not too mushy or too firm . the rice do not stick to the bottom of the bowl at all . it be just simply the best rice i ever make . as soon as the rice finish cooking , it switch over to a warming mode that state it can keep the rice warm for 12 hour . in addition , the rice can be place in the bowl with water in the morning and a timer set so that you have cook rice when you return from work . while the unit do chime when the rice be cook so that i be alert , when start the cycle , it do not give a estimate of the amount of time that it take to cook . however , that one minor drawback would not stop i from recommend this unit to anyone else look for a affordable unit to make perfect rice .
215	RiceCooker	POS	5	perfect for a small apartment . have a 5 1\/2 cup model that i never use because it be too much of a hassle to store . this little beauty fit on the counter or in a small kitchen cabinet ... and the black and stainless model look terrific in a granite and stainless kitchen . have use it daily since it arrive . make morning oatmeal , brown rice , mixed red and wild rice , and white rice with lentil -lrb- just toss half cup of lentil and some cumin in with white rice and up the water by half -rrb- . do need to experiment a bit with proportion for non-rice grain -lrb- i.e. full amount of water for one cup of oatmeal boil over ... cut amount next time -rrb- . wish there be more good rice cooker recipe online . great gift for a college student , young couple , or older people live alone . 5 1\/2 cup size better for a larger family .
792	RiceCooker	POS	5	this make perfect rice for one person , serve . love basmatus & saffron , and with this it turn out as good as i have have . easy to clean , with hand wash . have no complaint with the machine , but the instruction could be better write .
402	RiceCooker	POS	5	definitely worth the time look for it , and the money spend on it . : -rrb- i could not be more happy with it . rice cook beautifully in it , and keep for quite a while . -lrb- we accidentally leave rice in there over the weekend once . it do not leave a smell or get all wet\/yellow or anything ! ... though we do not eat it . -rrb-
219	RiceCooker	POS	4	we be not sure we need a rice steamer after make rice several time a week on the stove top for 47 year , but we love it for white rice and be get use to it with brown . it be convenient and dependable .
471	RiceCooker	POS	4	first time work great ! need to adjust the water depend on the type of rice . easy to do and great to have rice soooo easy .
737	RiceCooker	POS	5	make excellent rice for chinese food and japanese sushi . convenient and easy to use . highly recommede .
862	RiceCooker	POS	5	i do a lot of research before buy this and have have it for several month now . this rice cooker be great . perfect rice every time ; white , brown , wild , rice of any kind . easy to use , durable , easy to clean , compact , look good , a good user experience -lrb- the designer be think when they make this -rrb- . thing to be aware of : it take a while to cook the rice - over a hour for brown rice . also , porridge in japan be a soup like substance so if you want the non-watery north american kind you will need to adjust the porridge to water ratio . if i remember correctly it be 1:2.5 ratio of porridge to water .
984	RiceCooker	POS	5	i buy this for a friend for christmas a year or so ago and discover a few month ago that she never use it . so , i immediately confiscate it . if you measure appropriately and put in the recommend amount of water and rice , i be not sure how it could go wrong . it cook perfectly for i every time and if i forget about it , that be ok because it will turn off cooking mode and turn to warm mode when it be do cooking . the steam tray need no explanation . that be just what it be . simple . works . i love this thing and use it at least twice a week . enjoy !
637	RiceCooker	POS	5	i be very happy with this little cooker . it be so easy , and rice to perfection , i always have trouble with get cook properly . no issue with this one , and it steam also . i love it . it be great for one or two people . it have help i convert to stir fry meal in order to eat more healthly . highly recommend . the price be super . i price one at a discount retailer and it be much , much more . love amazon .
695	RiceCooker	POS	5	it be so beautiful and fit girl ! i think it be enough for a college student ! i like it very much !
552	RiceCooker	NEG	1	it work once . the rice be pretty good . the second time we use it , it fail to heat up . there be power , but the light do not go on either . i return it .
522	RiceCooker	NEG	2	i purchase this item from a local retailer less than two week ago . i use it the first time right after i buy it . i find the direction a bit disjointed , the rice be fine . the second time i use it , a week later , it just quit . the cooking process just stop and go into warm mode while the rice be still raw . i unplug it and try again , same thing . just kick over to warm mode within 5 minute . so , back to the pot on the stove and back to the store for this cooker .
975	RiceCooker	NEG	2	pro : small footprint , proper capacity for two people , quick cooking function for those time where you be in a hurry . con : it do not store rice for more than 8-12 hour without the rice get yellowed . we have a huge , ancient , dented , simple zojirushi before get the sanyo that could hold the rice for at least two day before it yellowed . with the sanyo , you would better refrigerate any leftovers immediately . after a year , the sanyo fail to work . the last pot be a horrific rice paste with dry grain on the surface . overall : it have a lot of software bell and whistle that do not help it make proper rice and apparently detract from that core ability . but hey , i like to use it to make rice on a daily basis , so if you want to use it to cook frozen bread dough or non-sticky rice with olive oil , go ahead and buy into the review here .
435	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this thing make very good rice . once . the second time i use it , it die . the light blink out and it stop heating . try other outlet and other troubleshoot idea . nothing work . it be a very inexpensive rice cooker and you get what you pay for . but that first and last bowl of rice turn out to be pretty expensive .
713	RiceCooker	NEG	1	the zo ' be a competent rice cooker . it be easy to make good rice , just fill with water , drop in the rice , select the type of rice you be cooking and hit the ` cooker ' button . time cooking , the type we do most often , be just as easy and only require one more step . the bowl be cast aluminum with a thick coating of teflon , both inside and out , that will most likely last for year . the marking inside the bowl be easy to read in contrast white and they be raise which make they very easy to see and use . i think the retract cord and spoon holder be just gimmick but they be both handy addition to the cooker . it clean easily too . the top just pop out and the bowl be a cinch to wash , no different then any small pot and there be no need for a external steam cup to catch any overflow like on many other cooker . we buy grain in bulk and rice too . i like the organic short grain brown rice and it cook perfectly but i do have to play with the water to rice ratio just a bit which i think be normal . it only take about two or three try to get rice just the way we like it . i do not like the display , you have to stand back to see it clearly . they should have use one with a better field of view , you can buy a $ 5.00 clock that be easier to read . also the rice take a long time to cook , over a hour and a half for some type of rice . we do not eat white rice so you may find that you can use the quick cook set for a shorter cooking time . i do not have another cooker to compare the fuzzy logic to so i can not say how effective it be over a non fuzzy logic cooker but it do make very good rice consistently . the price be comparatively high but i think the quality be there . the cooker be make in china but i would say under strict supervision from zojirushi as the fit and finish be excellent and the cooker have a quality look to it . update : i originally give the zo 4 star . after own this for over a year and many rice cooking session the teflon on the top half of the bowl start to come of easily with slight rubbing . i have never use harsh chemical or abrasive on the bowl but i think the problem lie in the fact that i make mostly one cup at a time and the top half get hotter than the rest of the bowl where the coating be still well attach . i can not use this cooker anymore . i send a email to zo ask if they make a stainless bowl , they do not . on the matter of my teflon flake off they have no answer nor do they off to examine or exchange it ... caveta emptor .
726	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this be a japanese brand , but product be make in china . so , can not expect the high quality that make there ... not to mention safety for you health . the cooking pot be heavy , which be good . the teflon ? which be use , i can not say the same . i have the buy the zojirushi ns-zcc18 model , which be make in japan with the quality that come with the high price .
27	RiceCooker	NEG	1	it work for i for 4 month and it be great . for 13.00 , i do not expect a whole lot . but i do expect it to work and last at least a year . nope . it die on i today . it will not light up or heat up . not impressed .
666	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this rice cooker be not design properly . i put very little water - about 1\/4 fill in the cooker with 1\/2 cup rice in the cup they provide . the water boil to the top and out of the side . what a mess . i really could have use more water because the rice overcooked and be dry out , but place more water in this cooker would have be a real disaster with the water and rice all over the counter . i follow all the instruction in the booklet they provide with this appliance , but still no success . do not like this cooker at all and i do not recommend anyone to purchase it .
697	RiceCooker	NEG	1	update 30 november 2011 : do not buy this product . as of 8 month ago , the nonstick coating on the rice cooker pot start come loose . i think nothing of it , because it be minor scratch . over time , the nonstick start flake off into the food , so i start to get nervous . i call the part people , who inform i that the part be no longer there , and be discontinue . funny how the rice cooker be still be sell at full price . in other word , after about two year , you 'll start lose the nonstick , and you will not be able to replace it . in other word , this thing have last i all of three year flat , and i can not replace something that should be a relatively simple thing to replace . what be worse be that sanyo 's customer service be nonexistent . i can not find the number to call they customer service directly . thing be not be build like they use to be . i should have spend the tiny bit extra , and buy the zojirushi . that be what i 'll be do next . thanks for the horrible customer service , sanyo . i 'll never be buy from you again . other annoyance : i make brown rice all the time . the cooker always default back to white rice , rather than remember my last choice . it also take a extra 30 minute longer than rice should take . brown rice take close to 90 minute , not 45 , like i be use to . white rice take at least 45 minute . over time , the sensor must be go wonky , because in spite of my measure perfectly each time , the cooker err on the side of mushy . the number on the inside be write in ink , and not stamp into the pot . this mean that the number rub off . where do they go ? into my food , clearly . i be very careful with my rice cooker , because it cost a fortune , and the thing be use literally every day . i only wash it with mild dish soap , and a soft sponge . it never go in the dish washer , because we have no dish washer . so now , the simple task of measure my rice be a huge pain , because i have to squint to see the number 's impression . the lid that fit over top of the pot , and as a liner to the lid of the cooker start to get gross look over the course of 3 month or so . again , they be never place in the dish washer . the entire machine be shoddily make , and i be furious at be stupid enough to spend that kind of money .
384	RiceCooker	NEG	1	i order this from amazon a few week ago . i have use it once . it not longer work . however , the website give for warranty information do not exist , and the consumer number claim the office be close . i would not recommend buy this .
930	RiceCooker	NEG	1	i use this just four time and it break . electrical short . what a total waste of money . will look for a better product . do not buy this one .
616	RiceCooker	NEG	1	i buy this for the rice cooker and steam together feature but honestly would be use the steamer much more than the rice cooker . so my first try with it , follow direction to the letter ... which be not difficult since it have a automatic timer that stop when it say it be do . i use a bunch of broccoli as my first go around and the direction say only 1\/4 cup of water , i press steam and 5 minute later the timer be go off and it stop . -lrb- which the direction that broccoli would be about only 5 minute as well -rrb- i check it . not even close to be cook . in matter of fact , still cold . so i try it again and be tooling around the house not realize how much time have go by and probably 20 or so minute later -lrb- maybe more ? -rrb- the timer again go off and it stop . i check it and my wonderful broccoli have turn into a pile of mush . i may as well go back to over the oven type steam at this point . i be in the process of boxing it up for a return asap .
662	RiceCooker	NEG	1	it look very good , but it be useless and nobody will buy this one to cook . it be too small to cook anything especially rice .
327	RiceCooker	NEG	1	i be from south asia and we main food be rice . we do not mind eat rice 3 time a day 365 day . we cook basmati , sona masuli , jasmine most of the time . \/ i have use almost all rice cooker similar to this price wise . i be very frustrated to see its black thing come out @ the very first week . i seriously deserve another . but i do not want same rc in my kitchen again . i have national brand before before this . which be very good . non stick inner pot be thick . but i myself mishandle it and nonstick get scratch and come out . but it still make good rice and keep moisture within . i prefer national over this b & d. let i share my experience . its inner pot be so light and non stick layer be poor . mine come out within a week and even come out the place around the lid . i handle this one very carefully bcoz i scratch previous one 's nonstick . i even dint let my husband to wash it and handle it by myself only . but it come out so easily i can not believe . i leave my rice in warm mode after cooking -lrb- i do not pull cord from plug -rrb- , at the bottom and top layer rice be so dry that you can not imagine eat it . when you cook rice around 2 cup , water overflow all over counter . and guess what , you can not cook more than 1 cup of rice if you want to put steamer inside . no star for this product ... but give one since i can not submit without it . pathetic
109	RiceCooker	NEG	2	i really initially like this rice cooker , but end up have to return it . every time i leave it on warm , it burn the bottom of my rice . at first it burnt if it be on for 45 min , but after a few month , 45 min turn into 10 minute . i eventually have to return it . do make decent rice though .
28	RiceCooker	NEG	2	it be only be two week since i buy it but it be already not work ! the life span be so short !
351	RiceCooker	NEG	1	i buy this product 6 month back . work well for i until last week when it suddenly stop heating . consider other 1 star review where it break only after 2-3 week , i find myself lucky to have extract 6 month of use from this . nevertheless one buy these thing to last longer than that ... do not recommend .
290	RiceCooker	NEG	1	let 's keep this brief . i use it 5 time , and it break . i miss the return window . at least amazon be nice enough to give i a credit for the future . i rarely leave bad review , but this really stunk . i would say to spend a little more and get something that have a little better quality . zojirushi , for example , would never break . oster be just lucky i live in la and recently give up carb , or i would probably be more piss .
753	RiceCooker	NEG	2	i have often be quite pleased with black & decker product in the past . i buy this rice cooker on-line think it would be ideal for cooking small quantity of rice . it do not work . too often i think manufacturer dream up a idea , design the item , but apparently do not actually test the product to find out if it actually work well . such be the case with this wispy flimsy little product . it be too small . the fluid boil out of the lid vent and from around the rim all over the nearby area . manufacturer need to pay more attention to the result of they design . at least this little cooker be better ground and more stable than the 6 cup aroma junk on three skimpy nub that make it unstable and easily tip over .
665	RiceCooker	NEG	2	get this as a gift and i be glad we replace i with panasonic . we get 2 year out of it then finally die . it be sprinkle rice water while cooking everywhere - to the window , to the wall ...
952	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this product be terrible . it last 1 month and it be not work anymore . definitely not buy this product . i be very very disappointed .
767	RiceCooker	NEG	1	i buy this model because of the `` titanium bowl , '' as i want to avoid teflon . it turn out , the bowl might be a teflon-titanium blend , it might be titanium with a teflon inner coating , it might be god know what . i have have the rice cooker for three year and yes , it have be great . until the bowl start flake , like any other teflon bowl . if you see gold spot inside you bowl , then it be flake and you have to throw it out . the problem ? there be no replacement bowl to buy . i have be on the phone with sanyo and various part distributor all afternoon . the part -lrb- the inner bowl -rrb- have be back-ordered for 3 month and the part distributor have not be able to get any information from sanyo . i find that strange , consider they be still manufacture this rice cooker !! so now , instead of spend $ 20 on a new bowl , i have to spend $ 100 + on a new rice cooker . do you think it be go to be another sanyo ??? i do not . but what to do about the darned teflon bowl that they all have . i might have to get a stainless steel model , and suck it up on the cleanup . or maybe a zojirushi , and i will just have to commit to buy a new bowl every year . at least you can buy a new bowl for those .
645	RiceCooker	NEG	1	i buy this cooker a while ago from target . i have only have trouble from then . sticky liquid flow all over my counter after cooking leave a mess and bad smell . cleaning be a mess as well . i could never clean this cooker to my satisfaction . i try sona masuri , jasmine , basmati etc. and same mess every time .
4	RiceCooker	NEG	1	burn out in 5 day . will try to replace be ! beware dont purchase it . beware dont purchase it . beware dont purchase it . beware dont purchase it
342	RiceCooker	NEG	2	the rice cooker initially work great , but after about 20 usage it start to go from cook to warm prematurely so the rice be not fully cook . it do not happen all the time once every 4-5 usage . the reason i bring this be to cook rice so i do not have to be around to watch it . be not a rice cooker suppose to cook rice automatically ? i do not know if i be the only one who be have this problem .
524	RiceCooker	NEG	1	it be work for a month and stop work . initally the light do not come up and we do not know whether the cooker be work or not . probably due to defective wiring or some thing . black & decker should make the quality process more stringent when they procure -lrb- part -rrb- it from outside .
689	RiceCooker	NEG	1	i buy this specifically because i want a small rice cooker for make enough for 1 or 2 people . its perfect for that . i have to laugh at the review that complain how small it be and it wont hold 6 cup of rice . well duh ! it be clearly indicate on amazon 's site : `` hold 3-cup of cook rice , 1-1\/2 cup of uncooked rice . measure approximately 7-1\/2 by 7-1\/2 by 6-3\/5 inch '' . what else do you need to know ? now , the reason i give it only 1 star be because it scorch the rice on the bottom of the pot every time i use it . i have try at least 8 different kind of rice , with butter , without butter , every possible way and it burn it every single time . the only way around this be to watch it and unplug it when it get close to be do . that kind of defeat the purpose of have a rice cooker where you should be able to load it up , turn in on and not mess with it until its do .
168	RiceCooker	NEG	1	this product stop work for just one month of cooking . this product stop work for just one month of cooking . this product stop work for just one month of cooking . this product stop work for just one month of cooking .
778	RiceCooker	NEG	1	the coil blow in the first few use . i think b&d; make generally good product , but not this time . have to return it and get another brand from target .
844	RiceCooker	NEG	2	purchase this rice steamer with the expectation that it would produce great tasting fluffy rice , no matter the variety . and it do for a season ! but the last time i use this cute oster product , a acrid smell come from the base -lrb- heating element -rrb- , so it be quickly unplugged to avoid a possible fire hazard . will not replace the unit with another oster product .
147	RiceCooker	NEG	2	i buy the aroma arc-998 rice cooker on april 11 , 2011 . i be so glad i keep the receipt ! the good : it be sleek , pretty , contemporary and digital ! what be not to love ? i 'll tell you . the bad : this cooker work great for about 5 use ... i cook white rice , brown rice , and steamed vegetable . then it just stop cooking . the light come on , the timer still go off ... and i open the cover to find my rice sit in lukewarm water . i turn it off , hit the rice button again . eventually the timer go off . nothing ! folk , this be the third aroma cooker i have own . i replace a bad manual aroma cooker with this one , mistakenly think that this one might actually ... well , you know , cook rice . i will not make the mistake of buy a fourth . as i say , i be glad i keep the receipt because the cooker come with a 1-year warranty and i be send it back to they for replacement . i do not hold high hope that the replacement will be much better ... but i refuse to just throw out a $ 50 cooker out of sheer principle . one thing be for sure : i will never buy another aroma product . if you buy this cooker -lrb- or anything else make by aroma -rrb- , keep the receipt and the box ! i have a feeling you 'll need they .
7	RiceCooker	NEG	1	- work ok but require too much clean up . there be a lot of spill even when cook only 1\/2 cup - totally break down after less than 2 week . no power whatsoever when plug it in . - i be go for another brand and never go to trust black and decker again .
65	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this be a pretty good rice cooker for one or two people , but it can not cook 3 cup of rice . it can hardly hold 2 cup of rice .
679	RiceCooker	NEG	1	return the rice cooker as there be no instruction include and when plug in it fail to heat .
462	RiceCooker	NEG	2	this 6-cup rice cooker be more like 3-cup rice cooker . this could never be more than 5-cup for it be really small ! its say in the manual or box it be a 6-cup , but it say in the manual that only 3 cup will fit . and it be only actually 3 cup of rice ! when its more than that , its gonna overflow !!!
