index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
864	CableModem	POS	5	works perfectly well with my modem -lrb- the cable to which my cat have successfully chew ! -rrb- and get to i with no prob ! price be the best !
624	CableModem	POS	4	i buy a refurbish linksys cm100 because my isp decide to go up on the rental even for modem already install , which make no sense whatsoever as they have already purchase the modem and there be no associated monthly expense other than a occasional replacement , just pure profit for they . for six month ' rental i could buy this refurb , so i do . i hope everyone do the same thing and `` stick it to the man '' as young people say these day . my only real complaint about the modem be the same as with other similar modem : no power switch so you have to unplug it to turn it off and the led be very bright at night and i find that annoy . as far as minor issue , the enclosed disc be not for osx , only windows -lrb- not that it be need -rrb- and the mac address be print so small that i have to use a magnifying glass and a bright light to read it . if you do not get the mac address right when you call you isp , it will not work at all . as a tip , the letter be slightly taller than the number so it be easy to tell a 0 from a o -- with the magnifying glass . the packing be secure with the component in a pulpboard tray inside two cardboard box . it actually look new and if it have not say on the package it be a refurb , i would not have know . the cable provide be new , not sure about the power supply , look new but who know . aesthetically , it have a small footprint and no extraneous design feature , which i appreciate . my isp 's tech support have some difficulty get i online with the new modem but it be all they fault and have nothing to do with the modem itself . at first he say the problem must be with the modem but i insist that he double check and he `` run diagnostic '' and keep i on hold for fifteen minute and then all be well after a restart of the modem and the computer . i do not make he explain what the problem be since i be just glad the problem be resolve and i have waste enough time . the entire call last exactly sixty minute ! a speed test show i be get the full speed subscribe to so no complaint on that -- it work just fine . before purchase this modem i do talk with my isp tech support to confirm it be compatible . they be switch over to docsis 3.0 for higher speed but he say for anything under 10 mbp , docsis 2.0 would continue to work fine indefinitely . still , check with you isp to be sure . my provider be rcn and they do not list this modem but he say any docsis 2.0 modem would be fine . i be careful to purchase from a dealer who offer a seven day return as many seller force you to deal with linksys for warranty issue even if it be doa . i do suspect that many people who complain on the internet that these refurb do not work just have a problem on the isp end like what i go through . in the end , though , for the price of a new one you could easily buy two refurb so what do you have to lose ?
950	CableModem	POS	5	fantastic product . everything as advertised and then some . very happy with purchase . easy installation - no problem at all . careful - you will need to call comcast to register the modem . bandwidth more than enough for all my video application and many device use the wireless router simultaneously . do not need reboot occasionally as some other router require under heavy loading .
478	CableModem	POS	5	my previous linksys cable modem start have issue -lrb- so i think -rrb- and i need a replacement . after read all the review i decide on the cm100 and i be very happy with it so far . it turn out what need to be replace be the cable company 's cable modem which they do just before the new one arrive . it would ahve be nice if they have own up to it before i buy a new modem , but there be a huge benefit to ditch my old one . once the new one arrive , i decide to use it anyway and be reward with a increase in speed . i be get about 2.5 mb\/384mb down\/up and with the new one i be now get 6.5 mb\/1 .0 mb down\/up . its well worth the investment . also the status page at -lrb- ... -rrb- have more detail than the older model i be use and include the log .
91	CableModem	POS	5	i recommend replace you comcast or other provider supply cable modem , with this linkys cm100 . works perfect !! very happy and worth the money .
955	CableModem	POS	5	this router be one of the two recommend by my cable provider . after my initial review , it be the best of the two . ship be fast and it correct the problem i have with my previous router . very happy with this router so far .
823	CableModem	POS	5	plug it in , look at the instruction disk on how to get in to setup . set up 2 wireless network , log on to the network and check my speed . i be hit 30mbp on a 31mbps network . no problem . i would like the ability to set a bandwidth limit on the second network , i do not see that i can do that on this product , but it be a good deal .
94	CableModem	POS	5	like the tittle say ; i think this modem be great ! its a great deal since i have see older model sell at walmart for about the same price . i do not want to rent a modem from comcast and i be a bit worried at first that the tech be go to tell i he could not use this one , but it all work perfectly ! i have the modem connect directly to my router for wifus and i have fast internet on all my device at home -lrb- a blue-ray player w \/ wifus , two smartphone and two laptop -rrb- . it be super fast and have not give i any issue since i buy it back in novermber 2011 .
871	CableModem	POS	5	the product itself be very reliable . unless this have change recently , you need a windows pc to setup the modem with comcast , which take no more than 10 minute to setup . i be able to return the lease modem and save money !!!
511	CableModem	POS	4	i purchase the motorola sb6121 surfboard docsis 30 cable modem in december 2011 . it be deliver promptly and be reasonably package . it appear that all of the equipment be present . the installation be reasonably easy and connected to all of my device without problem . seem to be a speedy little unit to surf the web and have not have any problem to speak of yet .
159	CableModem	POS	5	easy to set it up , and work well right out of the box . previously , with a different cable company at a former address , we use the cable company 's equipment . this time we buy we own with a switch to comcast , and this be one of the cable modem comcast recommend as compatible ... which it definitely be .
121	CableModem	POS	5	install be simple . hook up cable and power . charter instantly recognize i be use a different modem . type in my charter account number and the mac number off my old modem , in the provide space . do . be use it for two week now with no problem .
949	CableModem	POS	5	this product provide a strong signal throughout the whole house . easy setup with comcast internet . i have two computer , one printer , and several mobile device that feed off the modem\/router . i would say that my router be subpar , so the modem must be do a good job .
701	CableModem	POS	5	i order 2 on thursday 4\/22\/2010 , receive today -lrb- 4\/27\/2010 -rrb- . hook the first one up at 3pm , but could not get online so i call charter cable at about 5:30 . do not waste you time with the automated service , just ask for a agent . i waste 10-15 minute with the auto service . you 'll need to give the mac address to the agent -lrb- this be the second line on the bottom of the unit -rrb- . the first modem , that have be hook up since 3pm , work right away , but the second one do not . the reason be , i give the agent the mac address without have the unit hook up to the system first . i tell he this might be the problem , so i hook it up and sure enough , he re-enter the mac number and it appear on he screen . now i have 2 modem for less than the price of one at best buy . also , they have a 90 day warranty from cisco-linksys -lrb- almost all refurb i have ever see do -rrb- . the bottom of my invoice state `` linksys offer a 90 day warranty on all they refurbish product . you may contact linksy with any warranty issue . in the event that linksys can not help you , we will honor the term of the warrranty ! '' . linksys sell this same item on they website -lrb- find it through bizrate -rrb- . i have already buy it here for around the same price . if it die before 90 day be out , i 'll repost it .
80	CableModem	POS	4	this device work right out of the box . . grant i have to work with the cable service provider ; have to provide mac address . have be work w \/ out failure since put on-line over a month ago . i would highly recommend this product for any cable internet customer . i have it in a open-air arrangement and have no trouble with overheating .
882	CableModem	POS	4	if you be have problem with set-up skip to paragraph five . have comcast internet and telephone service -lrb- no tv -rrb- . order the motorola sb6121 to replace the comcast modem and save $ 7 per month and a few day later order the oomo telo box from amazon to replace the comcast telephone service and save another bundle . start by call comcast to give they the information they need to activate the modem . the tech then tell i that i have to have the comcast modem to have comcast phone service . for i that be no problem as i just have to wait until my exist phone number be switch over -lrb- `` port '' -rrb- to the new service -lrb- one to two week -rrb- before install the sb6121 modem . fine . two week later : ok , now to install the modem . while some reviewer seem to sail through a plug and play type process in a mater of minute and come up smile , many seem to run into real problem . i unfortunately end up with the later . some just apparently throw up they hand and return the modem to sender . do not do it . i stay with it . hopefully my experience will put you over with the come up smile guy . it literally take i all day . while comcast 800 line people be patient and try , they be of little help . number one , i talk to three different tech ... that be after wade through the phone tree three time and wait on hold up to 20 minute each time . and two trip to the local comcast office . each of course come from they own perspective and none know what the other have say . none of course could slide into my chair and hand on see-and-solve . throw in comcast 's confusing terminology , and the seemingly unnecessary activation screen the company deem necessary for `` activate '' the modem and ... after five hour and the last tech , who tell i he screen show the modem be activate , i decide that if i be ever go to get the modem to work , i would have to figure it out for myself . then i do what i probably should have do in the first place . i haul the spaghetti pile of cable and hardware out of the cabinet , and disconnect everything right to the cable entrance at the wall . then i hook up the sb6121 modem to the cable , run the ethernet cable from the modem directly to a desktop computer -lrb- bypass the router ! -rrb- , plug in the computer , start the computer , and try to go online . it work ! the modem be activate , and it work ! so then i start over , connect first the modem , then the router , then the computer , plug in each , one at a time , modem-router-computer , only later add the oomo telo box and 2nd computer to the router when i know everything be work and work well . the motorola sb6121 modem work like a charm . you 'll love it . ... we will not talk about the cable company -lrb- : motorola could have help immensely by include in its instruction sheet the most basic of trouble-shooting information . could save some buyer 's hour ... and motorola a lot of unnecessary return . for that , only four star .
704	CableModem	POS	5	work seamlessly xd beautiful and fast product , i be really happy with my purchase . i do not know why other buyer comment that it be not work with they cable provider -lrb- comcast -rrb- . the whole process toke only 10min max . i do not even have to call comcast customer service because everything be automate on my computer setup , all i do be put in my comcast account and telephone number and the rest be click click and wait for activation . everything update and upgrade automatically . also ipv6 compatible which be latest update from comcast . do not know what the problem be out there with other people not be able to make it work . anyway , i just think i should share my experience with everyone out there because i also read the comment before purchase . and my major reason for purchase a new modem be because i finally come to my right sens after i realize the comcast have be charge i $ 7 for 6 year for lease a old crapping modem . with my calculation comcast make $ 506 for lease out internet cable modem from i , ouch !! .
898	CableModem	POS	5	great price , easy setup , and it be exactly what i be need . i be happy with my purchase in the motorola sb6121
636	CableModem	POS	5	definitely make a difference . i use it with a inside antena and the quality become undistinguishable -lrb- or better -rrb- from a channel tv . definitely worth the money .
895	CableModem	POS	5	arrive quickly . works great . just plug in and call comcast . give they the number off the box and it work great . save i 5 buck a month .
306	CableModem	POS	5	great modem , come fast and be easy to install . i call up comcast and give they the mac to provision it , but they say it would take up to three day . for instant satisfaction , i tweet that comcast customer service suck . a rep reply and ask to help . i direct message he with the account number and mac , and the box be provision within minute . long story short , get the thing run within the first hour i have it and it be a perfect replacement for the crap smc gateway device comcast usually require -lrb- and charge $ 7\/m for -rrb- .
739	CableModem	POS	5	this product work out of the box as be be suppose to . i be on charter and most of the problem it appear come from comcast customer . i choose this item by ask the tech repair personnel which modem they be use . this be the second time i have use this method to decide what equipment to buy and figure there system accept that model better . call and register the mac which motorola would do good to distinguish b from 8 better it take several time on those type of issue once register work fine .
55	CableModem	POS	5	i be a `` computer literate '' person , but not a techie . this modem be very user friendly , be really fast and be not at all complicate . actually you just plug it in and it work ... so its fairly impossible to mess up . its very compact -lrb- much smaller than my previous modem -rrb- and be clean-lined and nice-looking .
879	CableModem	POS	5	i buy this cable modem from amazon several week ago to replace a old one supply by the cable company . it be very easy to install and work great without any problem . the advantage be that i no longer have to rent the modem from the cable company and amazon have the best all around price .
816	CableModem	POS	5	i can not believe how quick and painless this modem be to install . unpack box , shut down computer , plug in power and cable to modem , turn computer back on , wait until all modem light have activate , call comcast so they can see you modem , and voilum - i be up and run . from unpack the box to be online be less than 15 minute . and most of that time be shut down my computer and bring it back up again . i wish everything i hook up to my computer be this easy .
328	CableModem	POS	5	have a lot of drop with old motorola modem , this one have yet to drop and have use for over 2 month . wish i have purchase a long time ago . live and learn .
639	CableModem	POS	4	order and pay for a new linksys cm100 cable modem and be send a refurb . not too happy with that , especially since imall will not return my email . other than that , seem to be work great .
38	CableModem	POS	5	the comcast people be very pleasant but could not get the modem to work . then , i use the following sequence -lrb- page 10 of the download manual -rrb- , and the modem start to work : configure tcp\/ip for windows 7 1 . click start and then click control panel . 2 . click network and internet to display the network and internet window . 3 . click network and share center to display the network and share center window . 4 . click change adapter setting to display the lan or high-speed internet connection window . 5 . right-click the network connection for you network interface . 6 . select properties to display the local area connection properties window . 7 . select internet protocol version 4 or 6 -lrb- tcp\/ipv4 or v6 -rrb- and click properties to display the internet protocol properties window . 8 . select obtain a ip address automatically and obtain dn server address automatically . 9 . click ok to save the tcp\/ip setting and close the internet protocol version 4 -lrb- tcp\/ipv4 -rrb- properties window . 10 . click close to close the local area connection properties window . 11 . close the remain window and exit the control panel . when you complete the tcp\/ip configuration , go to verify the ip address for windows 7 . the modem do not come with a cd or manual .
781	CableModem	POS	5	i buy this because my cable signal for internet be not stable at all . during the rainning day or windy day , i get no connection . after install this , it significantly improve my connection . however , when the incoming signal be way too low , it still can not solve the problem . however , i can immediately feel the difference between with and without this booster . i even buy a second one as a chrimstmas gift to my friend , which he also feel the improve of the signal .
193	CableModem	POS	4	this modem be easy to install . if anyone be have issue get this to work with they wireless router try do this : connect the two device together and then hit the reset button on the back of the modem . it take a few minute , but work every time . do not forget to call you service provider to get this provision . they will nee the mac address of the modem to get it online with they network . the only con to this be that it do not support docsis 3.0 . i contact cisco to check on this think it may just be a firmware issue and i confirm that cisco\/linksys do not have a modem that do . other than that this thing be great . i recommend that if you purchase a wireless router to go with this to check out the buffalo wzr-hp-g300nh . it have a easy setup user friendly interface or you can use the advanced one that come install .
152	CableModem	POS	5	be have problem with people download movie on torrent web site , the company that provide internet service be crack down on illegal movie download . i receive notice from my company say that a movie have be download illegally , and i do want to take a chance of it happen again since no-one want to own up to do it . i get this with a netgear router and now i have those site block so they can not down load from they site . i find out they will be do that for music also and more company be go to start watch for this type of activity . netgear give u more control that any of the other i have find and easy to set up , upon connact my cable carrier it be easy for they the activate . have be run great with no problem and no drop of signal .
428	CableModem	POS	5	amazon : shipping be fast and free . modem : it work great with comcast in chicago . i buy the ubee modem instead of the motorola sb6121 or sb6120 because of the negative review the motorola modem receive on amazon . it take i 30 minute on the phone with comcast to get the ubee modem connect . i save $ 30 with self-installation . the internet be very fast with the ubee .
30	CableModem	POS	5	best damn amp i have ever use give great boost to signal and internet fly aaaaaa + + + + + + + + + +
928	CableModem	POS	5	setup seem easy enough . call comcast and feed they the mac address . the light go into action and i be up and run in no time . look like we enjoy higher internet speed with comcast -lrb- although they customer service be terrible -rrb- . glad to have this modem which support gigabit speed .
309	CableModem	POS	5	this amplifier be well make , durable and meet all of the requirement for professional use . it be be widely use in the cable industry -lrb- contrary to some of the review here -rrb- . there be several company that make these and they all meet the frequency requirement -lrb- 5-1000 mhz -rrb- for modern hfc cable system . it be provide and install by cable guy and it cost $ 40 - $ 50 on average . first of all this device should only be use for you tv service . do not amplify the modem line . you need to use the splitter to split one line to the modem and the other should feed the amplifier and the rest of you outlet . this amplifier will increase you modem upstream return level . read the print on the amplifier : rtn -lrb- return -rrb- -8 dbmv . you upstream power level will increase and you modem will have to work harder to communicate out . also it will sometimes decrease you upstream signal-to-noise ratio -lrb- snr -rrb- . the amplifier be not a do-it-all miracle device that will solve all of you problem . it simply amplify the incoming signal . it do not filter the noise . this mean you incoming signal need to be clean and at acceptable level before the amplifier . so if you have 4 or more tv -lrb- on average , but this may vary -rrb- you will most likely benefit from this purchase . if you have more than that you should buy the single port version -lrb- cheaper -rrb- and use a 8 way splitter . in fact if you buy a single port version and use a 4 way splitter you will get the same signal level . however if you have problem i strongly recommend call you local cable co and get a tech out . if you be a diy person , make sure you do some research first and use quality equipment -lrb- like this amplifier -rrb- , rg6 60 % braid shield or better cable -lrb- quad shield be better -rrb- , compression fitting -lrb- like ppc , thomas & betts -rrb- and not crimp fitting -lrb- do not apply pressure on the coax -rrb- , splitter that do not have glue on the back cover and be rate 5-1000 mhz . by invest more money and get quality equipment it will help you have trouble-free service and will most likely save you some money in the long run . ps if you can get a power inserter -lrb- it look like a regular splitter but it be not -rrb- you can use it to back feed the power on one line so you do not need to have a power outlet right next to the amplifier -lrb- make sure you connect it to the `` remote power '' -lrb- sometimes `` dc in\/rf out '' -rrb- port on the amplifier -rrb- .
695	CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem work just as advertise , it be easy to install and just work . i be get the best download and upload of datum i have ever see from the cox network .
516	CableModem	POS	5	after be sick of comcast raise they fee , i finally buy my own modem . i have only have it about 2 week now , but it have be great . my speed be pretty much the same as the rental modem be and that a good thing . if you be think about buy a modem , go with the cm100 . for the price and performance , it can not be beat .
31	CableModem	POS	5	this professional , durable booster work better than expect . i think i would need to call in the cable company to re-wire the whole house , but this thing do the trick . in a 3-floor house where the cable enter at the top floor , i be have difficulty on the first floor receive a signal on my digital cable box . i call the cable company , which the automate announcement say that it be go to send a signal to the box , but that do not work . i call the main number , and they want to send someone out . i have get my signal split so many time , and i do not want to be scrutinize , although it be all legal i learn later . after install this booster inside the house on the top floor where the line be split the first time , the box way down on the first floor show some activity on the display that i do not get originally without the booster . i then call the automated number of the cable company , and it send a signal to my box . it work this time ! and the picture look great with no pixelation ! it be worth a try . very easy to install . durable construction -- not like the cheap one that be on the market year ago before digital .
654	CableModem	POS	5	great product . i hook it up when i get the internet connection and no issue till now . also , it provide great speed since it be docsis3 .0 .
475	CableModem	POS	5	purchase this modem to replace a eol docsis 1.0 modem to take advantage of the available speed provide by comcast . install quickly and call comast with mac . within five minute i be up and run . have not measure the speed , but i can see norton download update more quickly than with the old docsis 1.0 modem i be use . have not have any problem or drop connection so far .
669	CableModem	POS	4	i buy this after realize that i should have buy my own cable modem year ago to avoid the $ 7\/month rental fee from comcast for they lousy equipment . i get this up and run with a short phone call to comcast technical support so they can enter the modem 's mac address into they system . the setup be easy ; the indicator light on the front be fairly intuitive so you have a idea what the problem be if you internet be not work quite the way it should . the modem can also be access from any web browser on a computer on the local network -lrb- ... -rrb- , provide lot of information about the quality of you internet connection , system uptime , etc. . this be helpful information when i do have a issue with intermittent internet outage and i be able to report this to comcast to get the problem fix -lrb- it be a problem on they end , not with the motorola surfboard -rrb- . good price now , too ! this will pay for itself in under a year of use .
681	CableModem	POS	5	the comcast rep give i a list of cable modem that work with comcast and recommend motorola as a brand . it work perfectly on the 1st try . we have only own it a month but no problem to report as of now .
163	CableModem	POS	4	read a lot of bad review on the product , so be tentative about the piece . mine at least seem to be work fine since installation . check that netspeed be same as the one install by comcast .
225	CableModem	POS	5	with my previous docsis 2.0 modem it be almost impossible for i to use the internet at certain time of day . performance would be great at like 3am or other low-traffic time , but from about 4pm to 8pm my internet would be cripple . i be confident my other modem be functional and that there be not any issue with comcast . so i decide to give this modem a shot and see if have multiple channel in use would make a difference . after two week of use i can say that here really be not a major increase in top speed , but i have experience a incredible increase in reliability . i can hop on my computer i use the internet any time of day without any trouble at all . so the docsis 3.0 support for multiple channel be a huge benefit . i would definitely recommend upgrade to a docsis 3.0 modem if you be use a older model and experience slow speed at specific time of day .
561	CableModem	POS	5	purchase the motorola sb6121 surfboard cable modem in november . i have be use it for about two month with good response and success with my new hp computer . i would recomm highly for fast speed internet connection . wish it have a on-off switch like my 10 year old 1.0 surfboard modem , but otherwise excellent .
7	CableModem	POS	5	hook it up and only take about 5 min for the firmware to install . go from 12 mb which be what im pay for to 16 . becareful if you have comcast . after 5 seond after give the serial to the comcast rep she tell i that she wasnt get a signal and i need to send this modem back and keep theirs . i tell she she didnt even let it boot up but she didnt care . after the firmware install it come up and work right away . call again to have they pick up the old modem and they still say the modem wasnt give a signal even though i be on the web while on the phone . they will lie to you and ignore you to keep you pay the rental fee . now they will not pick it up with out i pay some bull % $ # @ fee . now im look for cable box to buy because i have have it with comcast . back to the point . so far so good .
295	CableModem	POS	5	i have have this for about a couple of month now and i can say that this be one of the best modem out there . the main reason i buy this be because comcast charge 7 dollar a month for they modem rental . installation be really easy , all you have to do be call you cable provider and provide they you mac id on the modem and in less then 2 min you be up and run . what a difference it make ! i actually get speed to what i be pay for . lot a cable provide really dont tell you that you can do this which be understandable b\/c they want that extra money but for i the savings alone be well worth it ! a must buy !!!!
368	CableModem	POS	5	i hear you can get much better performance and reliability from purchase you own modem rather than the rental from you isp so i take the dive . i have have this model for about a year now and have have zero complaint . out of the box , i plug in my cable , about a 15 min phone call to charter communications to set it up on they end and i be up and run . i be sure there be setting and tweak you can do , but i have be use it with all it be default setting and it seem to work great . i have even notice about a 5-10mbps increase in my download rate . in the year i have own it , i have only ever have to restart it 3-4 time . once i think i be actually knock off , the other end up be a issue with my wireless and reset the modem as a precaution . i also love how small it be ! the dimension give in the description must be the size of the package box . in reality it be only about 5 '' square and a inch thick . i do not score any point for `` compatibility with comcast '' since i do not use they as a provider .
541	CableModem	POS	5	i buy this item i get tire of pay my cable provider for the basic modem they provide you . . so i decide it to try the motorolum sb6121 and when i get it install it actually increase my internet speed be really stable it do what it be mean for . . i highly recommend it ...
50	CableModem	POS	5	it be very easy to install and it be be work great ever since i install it over a month ago .
454	CableModem	POS	4	have use this product for a few month now . pro : setup be a breeze , just follow the instruction leaflet . initializes fast when you turn it on -lrb- compare to my previous terayon 715 modem -rrb- small form factor - do not take up too much desk space . interface to my belkin wireless with no issue . con : seem to lose the broadband connection a bit more often than my old modem . my old terayon lose the link once in a month or so run 24\/7 . this one do it every two-three week or so . not a big deal , just need to turn it off and on again . but i be curious as to why it happen more often than my old modem . overall a good product for the money . i would definitely recommend .
12	CableModem	POS	4	i need a reliable modem so i can work from home . buy modem be not exciting by any measure , but this one get the job do .
419	CableModem	POS	5	i order this product to replace my outdated comcast modem . i order it on a friday and receive it on tuesday with free shipping . packaging be sufficient and product arrive intact . install be easy -lrb- except work with comcast - make sure you have you account number and phone number for the account before disconnect you old modem -rrb- . i have about a 25 % increase in speed , base upon internet speed test . would highly recommend purchase this modem .
383	CableModem	POS	5	good speed , easy instalation . no problem at all till now . simple status page for monitor the signal . no regret : -rrb- .
613	CableModem	POS	4	i have to do a little research on this to try to find the best `` bang '' for my buck and also a modem that be compatible with my cable company . i have have great luck with the motorolum brand and this product be no exception . it be plug and play right out of the box and take only a few minute before i be up and run on the internet . this be a great buy . - brian havre de grace , md
14	CableModem	POS	5	this modem be great . i get a average of 36mbit down and 6mbit up with comcast blast . on my old modem i get around 15mbit down and 3-4mbit up
274	CableModem	POS	5	i pick this cable modem because it be motorola and it be one of the `` approve '' cable modem for comcast . my original cable modem be a motorola and be super reliable . my second cable modem be not a motorola and i have nothing but trouble . this cable modem be super simple to setup and have be very reliable since the install
185	CableModem	POS	5	my current cable company offer the option to buy a ` approve ' modem or rent one from they and pay a monthly fee . i have have to deal with the cable company 's rental modem before : after have my surfboard for a month i can attest that the upfront cost be absolutely worth it ! i have have this for a month and i have not have to call my cable company and sit on hold for hour wait for a reset on the line yet : my first month on a rental be a nightmare , i assure you . with a good router , this be a fast and reliable modem . it also happen to be a rather attractive and simple design - it be not over do and it be certainly not as unattractive as a lot of other modem : -rrb-
768	CableModem	POS	5	i install my new motorola sb6121 cable modem . it take about 15 minute for comcast to get it correctly set up . most of it be at they end , i think . however i ignore they instruction to turn off my computer and connect the modem directly to my computer . instead , i keep the modem connect to the router . i eventually do a reset on the router and reboot the computer . not sure if that be totally necessary , but everything be fine after that - though it might have be fine , anyway . i have do a speedtest -lrb- actually two of they on two different site -rrb- before i switch from the comcast supply rca dcm425c modem . one show about 10 mb down and 1.3 mb up . the other show about 4 mb down and 1 mb up . i believe the 1st one . with the new modem the 1st site show 15 mb down and the same 1.3 mb up . i notice that the download light be blue -lrb- mean a bond connection -rrb- while the upload light be green mean a standard connection . i ask comcast about this and they say they do not promise multiple channel on upload . accord to comcast the level of service i be pay for should give 15 mb down and 2 mb up . the modem itself be very simplistic - no button . just three connection on the back and 5 light on the front . since i go through a router there be always activity and the link light just flash on and off at a fixed rate -lrb- not in time with activity light on the router -rrb- . since i have have it less than a day , i can not comment on reliability or speed change -lrb- if any -rrb- over time . but so far i like the improve download speed . it be really noticeable while watch hd video in real time .
1	CableModem	POS	5	i love the performance of the motorola sbr121 surfboard docsis 3.0 i be finally not pay for lease to cable company for use of they router . i recommend this product .
107	CableModem	POS	5	deliver on time and work well right out of the box . install allow i to reduce my cable bill by $ 7 per month .
862	CableModem	POS	5	great unit . try several motorola modem before and they never work properly . the zoom work immediately with comcast , easy set-up and no problem .
815	CableModem	POS	5	have it setup and run for a week or so now , and its be work flawlessly . no issue thus far . i would recommend this modem to other . allow i to do away with the rent modem from metrocast and the $ 5 rental fee . good stuff !
601	CableModem	POS	5	i buy this product to upgrade my network and it work great . i have have no problem with the unit and once i get comcast to recognize it , i have have no issue at all . i would recommend this product to anyone who be consider upgrade to a gigabit network .
319	CableModem	POS	5	i use this to replace a old docsis 2.0 motorola sbg900 . the sbg900 work well enough until i purchase a logitech revue , which have issue with the sbg900 , such as drop connection which require a reboot of the router , among other thing . after do my research , i find that the zoom 5341j be comcast compatible and capable of connect to 8 download channel and 4 upload channel , compare to the much more common 4down x 4up configuration . keep in mind that the zoom 5341 -lrb- with no j at the end -rrb- be a 4x4 configuration . the zoom 5341 be a modem only , not have a wireless router embed like the sbg900 , but i already have a linksys wrt54g router , which i have already pull out to try and rectify my problem with the logitech revue . the sbg900 keep drop the wire connection to the linksys though ... the zoom 5350 be compatible with comcast and have the same spec as the 5341j , but also have a wireless router and 4 wire port as well . i consider it , but decide to go with seperate piece for modem and router duty . the evening that the zoom 5341j arrive , i install it in place of the sbg900 , and plug my laptop in . once it have establish a connection , the comcast device activation page come up in my browser , and i be able to switch the activation from the sbg900 to the zoom 5341j in minute , with no need for phone call to support . the configuration of the zoom 5341j be very simple , and i make no change to the default configuration . i do check the connection , and find that i have 8 download connection and 2 upload connection . it appear that comcast in my area will only provide 2 upload connection . i plug the linksys wrt54g in and have wifus a minute later . i find average speed to be about the same as before , but peak speed to be about 30 % faster , and this result in snappier browser performance , and quicker starting of streaming video . i also have find that the connection be more robust , as i have not be get the rebuffering and disconnect streaming video that i be get with the sbg900 . my problem with the logitech revue have also be solve , and the zoom 5341j have not be drop the wire connection to the linksys wrt54g . that , combine with the performance enhancement , have leave i very happy .
568	CableModem	POS	5	i have comcast internet . works great ! no problem . we watch movie , play game and surf , it do everything i hope for .
607	CableModem	POS	5	works as advertise ! a must have if you main cable line be over 50 ' , you have mutiple splitter , or live in a appartment .
177	CableModem	POS	5	i be look to reduce my monthly cable\/internet bill at home so i cancel my modem rental from the cable company . i buy this , plug it in , and it just work . it be be about a year and i have not have to unplug it since i first power it on . it be also pay for itself already . stick it to the -lrb- cable -rrb- man ... cancel you cable modem rental and get one of these .
314	CableModem	POS	5	i get this because i do not want to rent a modem from comcast and it be on they approve list . i know very little about modem but be able to set it up easily . we have a 2 story , 3000 sq ft house and get coverage everywhere . however , we get a repeater to boost the signal to we bedroom which be farthest from the modem .
73	CableModem	POS	5	good product and reliable for the price pay . . work great ... i be a first time user
401	CableModem	POS	5	work great out of the box . easy to set up . have experienced nice improvement in speed since i have install this modem .
646	CableModem	POS	5	four ethernet input . pure genius . my computer have be drop its wifus connection for year , drive i nut , but now it connect directly into one of the ethernet input and this be no longer a problem . this have no effect whatsoever on the other wifus connect computer in the house . set this up to work with comcast be a snap . hopefully , this modem\/router will have a long and happy life .
143	CableModem	POS	5	this modem be great to increase datum for you home net but unfortunately , you service provider , like ours , may deliberately slow you connection speed to demand a higher payment for `` high speed '' access .
322	CableModem	POS	5	omg ! i love this modem . i be get faster connection then before . i have this connect to my wireless router and it rock ! i wish i have buy this sooner !
677	CableModem	POS	5	product come in the original packaging and work like a charm out of the box . no issue at all to date -lrb- only be about a month -rrb- . i no longer have to pay the ridiculous comcast fee and have better performance to boot . very satisfied .
792	CableModem	POS	5	we have comcast xfinity and get this cable modem to replace a older one that we be rent from comcast . we cable service be throttle by the older one and buy we own will have a payback versus the rental in less than 12 month . i should have pay attention to the itemize billing earlier and figure out how much we be spend to rent what we should have buy : - -lrb- this have be hook up since 10\/13\/11 and there have not be a hiccup since . between this and a asus dual band wireless router we have two desktop on the network , a netbook and a roku box . no problem with any of it even when streaming video on the televeision and youtube on the netwook .
699	CableModem	POS	5	this cable modem works great ! setup be a snap ! i have comcast and just get tire of pay $ 7.00 a month rental for a old and slow modem they provide year ago . i be not a cable modem expert nor do i have the datum or tech detail to say why we entire internet download\/upload speed and overall network performance have improve dramatically except to say that change to this modem must be the answer . . the setup be very easy ! plug it in call comcast tech support dept. . i give the tech the info he request and the modem be up and run in 10 minuet . other family member have comment that we network seem to be run faster and smother -lrb- the be unaware i make a modem change -rrb- . i also run a download\/upload speed test via comcast 's test site and number return exceed the speed we comcast internet package be suppose limit out at . . bonus !!
56	CableModem	POS	5	this product be unbelievably excellent , in fact , i would like to call it miraculous ! i be previously use a ordinary 4 port digital splitter -lrb- 5-2300mhz -rrb- where my cable modem , wireless router , and 2 t.v. 's be connect . this be ok for about 3 month when suddenly , i get no signal from my cable modem and wireless router , and some channel be miss in both t.v. 's . after some troubleshooting , i find out that the splitter be not work anymore . so i test a spare digital splitter of the same spec , with the same result . frustrated , i purchase another splitter with a narrower range , from 5-1000mhz from best buy . my heart sink when it also produce the same result . i call my service provider to try to get a recommendation as to what type of splitter to use , but they refuse , and attempt to pressure i to let a technician come to we house and do the connection . this , of course , for a stupid extra cost : one for the installation of a new line , and another for a extra monthly charge . i bluntly tell the customer service agent that i will not allow that and should not spend a single cent to troubleshoot the problem . they attempt to pressure i to send a technician to we house miserably fail . finally after research in the internet about similar issue , i come up with many cutomer recommend the use of this product for cable modem and t.v.s. i order this motorola bda throuh amazon , ask for a 1 day delivery , get it as guranteed by amazon , then install it . only after a few seconds , my cable modem , router , and t.v.s respond very well and my problem be solve . my browser become wicked fast , and the quality of picture in both t.v.s be excellent ! there be one customer who say that cable modem should not be amplify - i tell this customer he be dead wrong ! in my case , cable modem do not get any signal , until i install this amplifier . i would highly recommed this product to all customer with similar situation !
408	CableModem	POS	5	i use this to replace a previous modem which work well , but be not as fast . initial motivation be to avoid a new rental fee announce by cable company .
537	CableModem	POS	5	the install be easy . plug it in and call comcast . they ask for the model # and mac id # . comcast confirm that the sb6121 be a good choice . both number be easy to find , albeit print in very small print - have a magnifying glass ready . motorola have a sticker on the side of the modem with the mac id , and several sticker in the box with the same info - to place on the computer around you home , i guess - in case you ever have to call you internet provider . i spend about 15 minute on hold with comcast to get to a real person . they tech rep be very pleasant and helpful . she walk i through the step . basically , all i have to do be turn off my router . my computer , a 2011 apple imac , be plug into a wireless router , that be in turn plug into the new modem . comcast find my modem and activate it . i do not even have to unplug from the router and connect directly modem to computer . once i get to a person at comcast , it take about 10 minute . they tell i be to drop off the old modem so the rental could be take off my bill . speed test prior to swap modem average 10 to 15 mbp for download . after install the sb 6121 , download speed improve to 35 mbp . upload now come in at about 5.5 mbp . some user mention the sb6121 modem get warm . after a hour or so of download video , i find it be only warm to the touch - not hot . should have do this a long time ago . even if this new router fail some day , i now know it be no big deal to replace it .
761	CableModem	POS	5	prior to purchase this modem i do some extensive research . there be several excellent modem on the market but i choose this one because of the exceptional speed , reliability and stability it offer .
267	CableModem	POS	5	works as advertise . works with comcast -lrb- which i use -rrb- and stay connected -lrb- do not drop off signal -rrb- , so i do not have to reset it to get it work again .
831	CableModem	POS	5	my old modem be a linksys cm100 docsis 2.0 i be have constant connection drop during peak time , so i buy this modem to see if a newer docsis 3.0 modem would relieve that . i have not have a drop connection since hook it up . i also gain a small amount of speed use this . old modem get i 19mb down on avg and this one have i around 22-24 on avg . heat - with my old one i could set my toe on it and keep em warm in the winter , this one well vent and stay cool .
752	CableModem	POS	5	this modem have be all that i want it to be . i have a fairly extensive network as home network go and it have be rock solid with this modem . i get this to replace a 6120 that i have for year but it just be not handle the load anymore . the 6121 have give i no problem whatsoever . i also love the fact that it be about 1\/2 the size of the 6120 . live in a condo , where space be at a premium , every little bit help . speed have be consistently test above the rate that i be pay for , even when use my wireless connection . gotta love docsis 3.0 .
735	CableModem	POS	5	have comcast service -lrb- in washington dc -rrb- and order this modem to avoid pay the monthly fee for rent one . have work perfectly as far as i can tell . always get download speed in excess of 20mb per sec ... i do not use wireless router , which may slow it down ? get 's slightly warm , but not hot . i use these review a lot when buy thing so i figure that i would write a review for once . have have it about a month , no problem .
114	CableModem	POS	4	i wish i have buy this modem year ago instead of pay comcast more than $ 800 for a rental during that time . -lrb- ... -rrb-
332	CableModem	POS	5	i read all the posting on the motorola sb6121 and decide to give it a shot . i be pleasantly surprise . i call my comcast technical help and they get my mac address instead of the s\/n id as state in some other post . within a minute i be online . unless there be something out there that be go to jump at i later , i believe this be a great product and worth the money . it work very well with my medialink wireless-n router .
327	CableModem	POS	5	about a week ago i upgrade to comcasts extreme 50 internet service however my old rent modem that i use with performance internet be only give i about 25 mbp down so i go to comcast & swap it for a new cisco modem . hooked that up & i have the full speed i pay for . meanwhile i check amazon & find this sb6121 & it take a week to get here . hook it up , go through the activation page & now i be get 61.71 mbp down & 11.52 mbp up which be the same speed i be get with the rent cisco modem . yay , now i can give the rent modem back to comcast !! i would not hesitate to buy this modem again as it be really a good one for the price . update : 6 week later & this modem be still work great . the service outage i be get with the old rent modem have disappear . the sb6121 have yet to lose it be connection to the internet . get this modem . you will love it !! oh & the online activation be a breeze ...
141	CableModem	POS	5	i be very pleased with the zoom 5350 modem\/router . i can now get wireless internet from anywhere in my house . a additional benefit be that my cable\/internet provider be charge i $ 7 per month for a modem so in approximately 1 year i 'll save enough to pay for the modem\/router .
133	CableModem	POS	5	we be located at the end of the cable run and the picture quality have always be poor particularly on the higher channel . a extra tv require that a 3 way splitter be add and the result be a picture that be degrade to unacceptable level . i buy the bda-s4 because the spec be good and also because it be make by motorola . the amplifier perform beyond my expectation . the picture be clear on all channel include the higher channel which have never come in this good .
579	CableModem	POS	5	before i make any tech gear purchase , i always do my research , include a careful review of comment on amazon . i do this before decide on a new cable modem and be glad i choose the linksys cm100 . i think the best thing that can be say for any cable modem be that it become transparent to the user -- no issue , no problem , no ongoing fiddle with setting try to get it to work . i be happy to say that the cm100 perform very well for i . i be a cox customer and have have very little trouble with this modem . i have have it about a year now , and only once or twice do i have to do the `` unplug-wait-replug '' action to clear some sort of a bottleneck . and the problem may have be completely unrelated to the modem itself . i do not demand or expect 100 percent perfection from anything , but the cm100 come very close to that standard for i . i would buy one again without hesitation .
582	CableModem	POS	5	product arrive on time , in brown box as describe in ad . connect to my system and after a few call to comcast get it up & run . i guess comcast prefer you rent they equipment which be mostly docsis 2.0 and slower .
145	CableModem	POS	5	this modem seem to perform well and setup be pretty quick and easy , include a call to comcast for activation . docsis 3.0 make a big difference in my internet download speed ... now up to 24-25 mbp . i have have it for less than a week , but so far i be very pleased .
468	CableModem	POS	5	i have have this product up and run on my home network for about a month now non-stop and it have not fail yet . seem like a fine product .
449	CableModem	POS	4	comcast internet have get horrible the past few month . i have be mean to call , then get a letter say i need to upgrade to a docsis 3 modem so purchase this one because it be a fully support model by comcast . internet be still intermittent at time but at least i be able to use my voip phone again . i still need to call comcast - i do not think the problem be between i and the headend . the modem be about what i expect . nice appearance and size . do not get too hot . my only complaint be the blinking of the light on the front panel . once connect the only light that blink be the ethernet light which blink steady to show any ethernet activity instead of on and off with the actual activity . my old linksys modem blink the ethernet and -lrb- cable -rrb- activity lead 's with activity so you have a better idea what it be do which be somewhat useful especially with sucky comcast .
715	CableModem	POS	5	i have purchase this modem to replace a old motorola surfboard 5101u that give i unreliable connection . installation be easy ; all it take be a 10 minute call to comcast and it be up and run . the speed be great ; i have the performance package through comcast and be able to get consistent 20-25 mbp download and 3-6 mbp upload speed . so far i have not notice any problem with this modem and have have strong reliable connection .
744	CableModem	POS	5	excellent product . reliable speed and have no disconnect so far . will get one for my brother when he decide to join cable ethernet .
124	CableModem	POS	5	after use a different cable modem for year , one ` highly ' recommend by the cable company and techy at a very popular comuter , etc , store , i purchase the cm100 . i have not have one single problem as compare to five or more per week with the recommend one . the cm100 be very easy to install and understand . a miracle in itself !
335	CableModem	POS	5	this be one of the modem that be on comcast 's recommend list for my cable system here in california . when the cable guy show up to install my internet service , he check it out and say `` it will work fine . '' after about a hour of pull wire around my house , he hook thing up to the modem and i have very high speed internet service . pretty sweet . i choose this model because its upload and download spec be well above what my cable internet service need , and because it have advance feature like ipv6 . so i be assume they get the basic stuff right as well . other reviewer have say this model run hot , but i have not observe that . i have it in my utility room which be in the basement where it be pretty cool to start with . the light on the front of the unit show what be go on , which be mostly useful as it boot up . they work well , and be also attractive to look at -- they have a good designer for that . the unit have only 3 connection port on the back , one for power , one for the incoming cable , and one ethernet rj-45 out . if you want to hook up more than a single computer , you 'll need to connect this single ethernet port to a router , or wireless router . i have the cable modem connect into a 5-port netgear switch downstairs , which be connect to a 8-port netgear switch upstairs , which be then connect to my linksys wireless router . my computer then use the ip address that the wireless router provide . -lrb- it will not work to plug additional computer into the switch that i connect directly to the cable modem because the cable company provide only one ip address . it be the wireless router that hand out additional ip address . each computer that you be use require its own ip address . -rrb- the wireless connection work well for my 2 computer and my roku box for netflix . -lrb- and the bandwidth available to netflix be amazing . it spend virtually no time at all buffer before it start streaming hd video . -rrb- oh , and of course i have to reboot everything -lrb- include the modem and the wireless router -rrb- for the new modem to be recognize . for now , i be keep my old dsl service as a backup internet service . not sure when i might decide to give that up .
480	CableModem	POS	4	so that be why i give it 4 star . purchase to replace 6 year old comcast rental modem in the metro atlanta market . -lrb- hmmmm 6 year at $ 7 a month ... lessee that be $ 504 i pay for that thing . how time fly ... -rrb- plug it in . call comcast . they be extremely helpful in register it and make sure it work . have to power cycle we router and then all be work . download\/upload\/ping rate all comparable to the old unit . the bottom light steadily flash on\/off for activity be a bit annoying . just do not look at it . only hassle be stand in line to return the old rental modem . shudder .
394	CableModem	POS	4	just buy this modem a few day at firt i didnt dont wich one to choose de sb6121 or the old version sb6120 i be look all over the internet reading for a few hour about the router and i think i make a good choise . iam on a 20 mbp plan im get 25 to 26 mbp down and 3 to 4 mpb up im very happy with this moden
253	CableModem	POS	5	easy to install and work great . ca not believe the improvement in the cable tv signal quality .
718	CableModem	POS	5	order this modem for comcast service up here in boston and it work great . packaging be minimal but sturdy , modem itself perform well .
801	CableModem	POS	4	this seem to work well . i just wonder why cable modem be so expensive . seem like i be get rip off , but i guess that be life .
484	CableModem	POS	4	i purchase the 5350 router because i be a new comcast customer and i do not want to pay a monthly fee to lease a router\/modem . i find this device on the comcast approve list . after my cable be install , i be have problem with the router . my macbook would connect to the router but the connection be not very reliable - my connection would frequently drop which be incredibly annoying . my work laptop run windows 7 be not work with the router at all -lrb- it would connect , but i would not be able to receive any datum -rrb- . i be ready to return the zoom 5350 but i google my problem and i find some solution . specifically , i read that comcast customer support be tell user of this device to turn off the ip flooding detection feature in the firewall setting . this seem to have work - my windows laptop be now able to connect and my macbook connection be more reliable . to make this change go to http:\/\/192.168.0.1\/ , select firewall from the top menu , uncheck ip flood detection and click apply . this seem to fix the problem , but i just make the change this afternoon . i will update my post later , if the router become more or less reliable . i be give the router 4 star right now , but i would say this be closer to 3.5 star because the aforementioned fix be not very obvious -lrb- although comcast should have make this setting know -rrb- . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- just a follow-up . i have not have any major problem with the router since i make the change describe above . i still would keep my rating at 4 star since configure the router be not particularly intuitive .
486	CableModem	POS	5	i take a chance and buy a refurbish unit that look almost new -lrb- i notice a few light scratch -rrb- . installation with comcast do not go smoothly with the automatic procedure but after a phone call to comcast , it be up and run in a few minute . i have have it run less than a week and in that time the whole system have only crash once -lrb- typical for i -rrb- . i run a speed test with the old modem right before i install the new modem . the old one clock in at 35 mp download and the fastest i have get with the new be 24 mb . slower , but not noticable in my app and i can still stream high-def netflix well . i read somewhere that it may not download as fast as older model but that it should maintain it be speed better throughout the day . in any case , it seem to work as fast as the original arris modem that be cost i $ 7 a month . so far i be happy with it ! ps my home phone be now on the internet with magic jack and that work very well and i need my modem to stay on 24-7 so i be hope this modem work a long time without crash . i have the one crash and be here to fix it quickly -lrb- simple unplug , wait a few seconds , then plug it back in -rrb- . hopefully those will be rare .
162	CableModem	POS	5	this modem have be work properly , no issue so far . my isp be charter , and this modem be deliver commit internet speed .
291	CableModem	POS	5	i have be look at this modem for a while . my search begin when my linksys cm100 go out for half a week . i come to find out comcast be work on the system -lrb- upgrade to docsis 3.0 -rrb- which knock my modem off the network and it would not bring in a connection . i decide to buy this from a local retailer because i remember the difficulty i have to go through the last time i try to buy a modem from amazon . it be not anything on amazon 's end or the seller . i believe it be due to the modem be create for specific region . if the modem 's mac do not start with a certain set of number then it will not work in that region . i wish i would have know that before i buy the cm100 online here , but i buy it locally and it be a decent modem that have a solid connection . it just could not handle the capability of docsis 3.0 . unfortunately , comcast never notify that the system have be switch to 3.0 so i be use a docsis 2.0 modem linksys cm100 on a 3.0 network . i keep wonder why my speed seem so different after that half week the modem go out . it be like the modem be be overpower or could not keep up with process . as for this modem , i can not say enough . it be easy to setup . i do not have to call comcast to get it activate , unlike with the cm100 . all i do be plug up the connect for the coaxial , ethernet , and power . let it go through pull in activity light . plug the other end of the ethernet into the netbook i have . open a webpage and from there you just enter you account information and you isp will recognize it on the network . it will display info and ask if it have correctly identify you modem . you say yes and then it register it under you account . compare to my last experience with set up my own modem -lrb- linksys cm100 -rrb- this be heaven ! i see a significant improvement in my speed . it take i say a day or two for they to get to a consistent point . now i pull about 36-46 mbp download and about 4-5 .5 mbp on upload . for i that be a great improvement from get only 22-24 mpb download and about 2-2 .5 mbp on upload . and with both set of speed i just mention , i be on the same exact speed tier . now i feel like i be get my money 's worth of what i be pay for internet service . the way i come to choose this modem be by comcast 's approve modem list in they support page for xinfinity internet . then research vigourously to find the best option out of the list . if you select you speed tier it will pull in a list of modem that be approve to use . this modem have a 3 star certification so for they standard -lrb- comcast -rrb- its the best you can use for you service . so in summation i would say if you want to get the best out of you isp connection , especially if its with comcast , i would go with this modem .
665	CableModem	POS	5	receive saturday and after one day this modem really be perform super ! easy , easy setup and online in minute . boost my wireless speed from 4 or 5 mbp to 18-19 mbp ! wow ! sound like a keeper to i !!
251	CableModem	POS	4	while i do not notice any increase performance when replace my old -lrb- docsis 1 ? -rrb- modem , the new modem do bring the modem up to the latest docsis revision recommend by a comcast technician . so i be how poise for the future , hopefully ? the modem work fine and the speed be most likely constrain by the speed of the comcast network .
220	CableModem	POS	5	i know up-front from other review that get this modem to work as a replacement for my old docsis 1.5 + + surfboard would require talk to the folk at comcast , and restart several computer and a router . the changeover be simple once i get past comcast 's hell-spawned robot answering system with its vehement attempt to `` help i '' and be able to speak with a person in billing . yes , it be billing which handle the whole `` mac address to customer id '' mapping ; they also provide i with the answer the outsourced customer service could not , regard whether and how much i would pay and benefit from a higher price datum plan . it be well worth it . i have to reset the cable modem three time -lrb- one be because my netgear wifus router become confused -rrb- and then , even with two people do fairly high-bandwidth-intensive thing , i have be very happy . my only downside : this unit come with yet another wall wart .
471	CableModem	POS	5	connect it to my network , contact comcast to upgrade to blast ! speed -lrb- $ 10\/month increase -rrb- ; download speed go from 17 to 35 + mbp , upload speed go from 4 to 8 mbp . solid cable model . ready for ipv6 .
600	CableModem	POS	5	easy to install . with a quick call to my cable company the switching of my modem be no problem . worth the price .
510	CableModem	POS	5	i buy the sb6121 , because comcast 's list of approve broadband modem ; show this modem be approve for all speed tier . i do not want to be charge $ 7 for use they modem . it be not cheap , but of coarse you get what you pay for . this model of modem be not find at consumer electronic store . have a xbox 360 connect to this modem 's online gaming capability feature . no problem , at all in this area . i be very satisfied with the sb6121 . one complaint i have about this modem be that it be assemble in china .
348	CableModem	POS	5	i get this new modem to replace my older one which be still on lease from comcast and be at end of it be life . easy setup for the sb6121 . works great . ship be fast , and it arrive sooner than the estimate delivery date . great little modem .
927	CableModem	POS	5	i have nothing bad to say about this product . it be very easy to install and require minimal effort to connect it all up . comcast come to install my internet and the registration process be painless .
101	CableModem	POS	4	though i be very happy with the sb6121 , i be somewhat surprise by the lack of a on\/off or network enable\/disable switch -lrb- maybe i miss something ? -rrb- . also , the led light up the room which require i to take evasive action . -lrb- since this be a d-3 modem -lrb- my previous one be a d-2 -rrb- and i have recently upgrade my isp provision speed , i do some test -lrb- before and after -rrb- . it work . nevertheless , it do encourage i to tweak my wi-fi access point 's 802.11 n configuration . -rrb-
296	CableModem	POS	5	when comcast decide to do they digital transition , one of the dta would not activate properly . the only advice comcast offer be to `` remove any splitter . '' that be not really a option without lose cable service to most of the house . after replace the cable run to the problem dta with new cable , i be now able to activate the dta but the signal be still degrade to the point that several of the channel be unusable . internet search indicate that the problem i experience be not uncommon and suggest a amplifier . of course , comcast will send a tech out to fix , but it be at homeowner 's expense . i be not willing to pay they to fix a problem they create . install amplifier -- quick and easy . there be a comprehensive installation sheet , but it be not really necessary since amp input and output be well mark . before installation , signal strength at the dta input be about 15db with a s\/n ratio of about 25 . after install the amplifier , the signal level be 1.5 db and the s\/n ratio be 37 . works great and i do not have to pay comcast to fix the problem . my only complaint be that i have to do it in the first place . my cable service be not break before they implement they transition . after , i have lose service to two tv -lrb- unless i want to pay they extra for additional dta -rrb- , i have a rat 's nest of wire behind each of the tv where i install dta , and there be no particular improvement in service -lrb- unless you count several additional channel which be completely worthless . -rrb- but this be not about comcast -- it be about the amplifier . five + star . solidly build , as you would expect from motorola . if you be have problem after comcast `` improve '' you service , i highly recommend you take a look at this solution .
685	CableModem	POS	5	yo - replace my 7 year old motorola 5051 surfboard for this one on my comcast internet service . no instruction come with the modem - just power supply and a cat5 cable -lrb- which be strange - because cat5 be a 10\/100 cable and the modem be 10\/100\/1000 -rrb- so the cable be useless . install modem power up both modem and computer - log onto the internet - comcast recognize that there be a new sheriff in town -lrb- modem -rrb- ask for my account number - spend about 6-7 minute do something and then wallum - it be all set up and work great . i have run speedtest.net test before and after the change out and i be get 10-15 % faster up and download than before . happy = yes i be !
729	CableModem	POS	5	purchase this item several week ago after rent one from charter . easy to install , work great so far . this be the same modem -lrb- motorola sb6121 dodsis 3.0 -rrb- that charter supplies if you rent they modem .
572	CableModem	POS	5	work like a charm right out of the box ! no fuss , no muss . i have purchase this to extend signal about 100 ' and because of the multiple output port , i hook up short coax cable to the closest tv and dvd recorder as well . picture quality also improve a lot !
741	CableModem	POS	4	i replace a old ambit unit which seem to be over heating and cause connection issue to the linksys cm100 and its be work great for the past few day . i have to call into the isp and have they provision the new modem with be mac address and then all be work great . i have notice it handle traffic great , my connection be consistent and most off all i have not lose a internet connection at the modem in a few day ... finger still cross . so far , it seem like a sound product . great price refurbish and i keep the old ambit one -lrb- which they charge we $ 70 for 3 year ago -rrb- just in case . i give it 4 star because it would have be a great 5 star if it support docsy 3.0 too .
321	CableModem	POS	5	if you get a crappy internet or cable signal , this be the tool for you . i be shock at the difference this thing make . for more than two year my internet connection would go in and out my cable reception would be lousy . i even have the cable company come out twice and they never fix it . and then right after i hook this up there be a dramatic change for the better . i do speed test before and after and consistently this device increase my internet speed and stabilize my connection . it be like i be in a whole new level of geekdom now . i love this thing !
75	CableModem	POS	5	modem work well right out of the box , easy to set up and connect to wireless router . only complaint be that the customer s\/n be not on the modem and you must get it off the box the modem come in . you need this to hook up modem to internet provider .
25	CableModem	POS	5	deliver in two day , and setup within 20 minute . the latency be about half that of my old -lrb- 10 yr . -rrb- modem , and the speed be noticeably better to . i wish that i would buy it sooner .
116	CableModem	POS	5	i order this product to replace the rent comcast modem and it work perfectly . it be necessary to call comcast and have they recognize the new equipment . no moremonthly rental fee .
919	CableModem	POS	5	i need to up date my whole wireless system for the house this be the perfect start piece for a overhaul . awesome modem
173	CableModem	POS	5	i have be use the 6121 modem with comcast 's xfinity internet service over the course of several month and so far everything have work perfectly with no problem . datum speed be typically 20-25 mb\/s download and 3.5-4 mb\/s upload . i buy this unit because i have read account of reset problem and other glitch experience by user of earlier surfboard modem model , and thus far , it have meet my expectation for problem-free use . i feel the need to comment on the unit 's warmth , since other user have criticize this unit as become excessively warm during operation . maybe those user receive faulty unit , but my experience do not square with theirs ; i have put my hand on the unit multiple time to feel its warmth -- in my opinion , this unit do not become any warmer during use than any other electronic network device , include wireless router and voip adapter . i have use earlier surfboard modem -- the great 4200 and 5120 -- and i can honestly say that this unit do not get any warmer than those earlier model . it be slightly warm to the touch , but not overly `` hot '' at all , and i feel this be totally normal for this type of device . so , i be not concern with this aspect of the unit . once the modem be up and run , you can type 192.168.100.1 \/ index . htm into you web browser in order to reach the status page for the modem and view useful network statistics .
780	CableModem	POS	5	i buy this modem when i move into my new apartment . i be read review that some people could not get this modem to work with comcast as they isp but i have not have any issue so far . during my research i buy this modem for three reason : - docsis 3.0 - simplicity - affordable like the other reviewer i use a medialink wireless n router - 802.11 n and they make a lovely pair .
671	CableModem	POS	5	i buy this product -lrb- motorola sb6121 surfboard docsis 3.0 cable modem -rrb- for use with comcast network . very satisfy to i and i recommend this for the comcast customer and not to rent the modem from comcast . i recommend you activate the modem by yourself if you have comcast cable -lrb- tv or phone -rrb- in you home .
648	CableModem	POS	5	i do host through a home server and this modem handle the minor level of traffic well -lrb- if any of the server start take load , i offload they to ec2 -rrb- . run fine , not too hot , and be very simple to setup .
40	CableModem	POS	5	order this modem as it be on comcast 's approve list with 3 star and have receive good rating and review on other site . it replace we modem that be past useful age and keep drop the connection . very easy to setup . install it , call comcast , give they the mac number and that be it . no more disconnect and it seem to have add some speed to we connection . would suggest that it be install where there be plenty of air circulation . tend to run a little warm . vendor ship the product promptly . pleased with my purchase decision .
645	CableModem	POS	4	this device work like a champ the picture be crisp and there be no freezing in the picture do not hook up on a cable modem it will not work , you will have to get a booster with a return .
644	CableModem	POS	5	other than hang at the initial setup process -lrb- which simply finish at the reboot , but feel scary at the time -rrb- and a propensity to make life miserable on my previous generation docsis 2 & 3 router , i have find this docsis 3 cable modem predictable and solid . try a inexpensive e1200 linksys router and they never speak much ... a return and twice as much money spend on a new dual-band gigabit  asus black diamond dual band wireless-n 600 router -lrb- rt-n56u -rrb-  on occasion after a especially brutal power spike -lrb- even with surge-conditioned power -rrb- it will need its reboot -lrb- just unplug it for 5 seconds -rrb- but that be only rarely happen . usually just take it in stride . my wife 's wifi laptop be much happier now while streaming - the more capable router really allow this cable modem to shine . amazing throughput ! a switch on the front be miss ...
302	CableModem	POS	5	this be the same modem i receive from comcast two year ago , back then i be charge $ 2.00 a month for the modem , then 8 month later $ 5.00 , and now $ 7.00 . when this modem arrive -lrb- onetime -rrb- , i turn off the computer , disconnect it from the wireless router , connect the coax cable to new modem , connect the computer directly to modem . turn on modem , then computer . load the browser , comcast 's `` self installation '' screen load , -lrb- have you bill handy -rrb- enter my account # , four click later , it be up and run no issue .
103	CableModem	POS	5	wow ! this booster have change my tv watch experience . my picture quality be very poor prior to install the booster . i have line on all my local channel and the picture quality be weak . the cable company could not come up with any solution and provide some bad reason for the problem . i go online and do some research and find this signal booster . be my picture quality 100 % perfect ... no , but the improvement be huge and the money spend for a higher quality splitter be well worth it . the only complaint be that you have to purchase a coaxial cord\/connector to connect the booster to the power source ... i do not realize this at the time of purchase so i have to make a extra trip to the store .
794	CableModem	POS	4	i be expect improvement in speed , but it do not happen . it be stay about the same 14-16 mb\/s . not sure it be modem 's or isp . do not need to reboot all the time like the old one . will see in the future .
456	CableModem	POS	5	works fast , easy intallation , no problem nor interruption . be ship within the the promise time . have to call comcast to update to the new cable modem , take 7min and all ready .
622	CableModem	POS	5	i purchase this item because my comcast provide sa\/cisco dpc2100 box be sluggish . http traffic be slow and overall transfer traffic use to peak at 24mbit for 30 seconds before drop by 25 % to 18mbit . we have a comcast teleworker connection here which be suppose to deliver 25mbit downstream . additionally , i use to have a 24mbit connection via cable -lrb- different isp , different modem etc -rrb- before and it never use to happen . i go through the basic troubleshooting process - change cable , change setup , bench the dn , test different router etc. . in the end , it look like the modem . a bit digging online confirm that . my intention be to purchase a device where i do not have to restart the modem everyday or have constant time-out . the sb6120 be apparently the device of choice . though because the 6121 be on offer for just $ 3 more , i choose it over the 6120 . i can not make a comparison between the two . however , the dpc2100 to the sb6121 be like day and night . my connection be , 2 day later , extremely stable . additionally , my ping rate decrease from 19m to 13m . the datum throughput increase from 24 to 27mbit - and it stay there ! all in all , a pretty good device .
167	CableModem	POS	4	i buy a refurbish linksys cm100 because my isp decide to go up on the rental even for modem already install , which make no sense whatsoever as they have already purchase the modem and there be no associated monthly expense other than a occasional replacement , just pure profit for they . i hope everyone do the same thing and `` stick it to the man '' as young people say these day . my only real complaint about the modem be the same as with other similar modem : no power switch so you have to unplug it to turn it off and the led be very bright at night and i find that annoy . as far as minor issue , the enclosed disc be not for osx , only windows -lrb- not that it be need -rrb- and the mac address be print so small that i have to use a magnifying glass and a bright light to read it . if you do not get the mac address right when you call you isp , it will not work at all . as a tip , the letter be slightly taller than the number so it be easy to tell a 0 from a o -- with the magnifying glass . the packing be secure with the component in a pulpboard tray inside two cardboard box . aesthetically , it have a small footprint and no extraneous design feature , which i appreciate . my isp 's tech support have some difficulty get i online with the new modem but it be all they fault and have nothing to do with the modem itself . at first he say the problem must be with the modem but i insist that he double check and he `` run diagnostic '' and keep i on hold for fifteen minute and then all be well after a restart of the modem and the computer . i do not make he explain what the problem be since i be just glad the problem be resolve and i have waste enough time . the entire call last exactly sixty minute ! a speed test show i be get the full speed subscribe to so no complaint on that -- it work just fine . before purchase this modem i do talk with my isp tech support to confirm it be compatible . they be switch over to docsis 3.0 for higher speed but he say for anything under 10 mbp , docsis 2.0 would continue to work fine indefinitely . still , check with you isp to be sure . my provider be rcn and they do not list this modem but he say any docsis 2.0 modem would be fine . i be careful to purchase from a dealer who offer a seven day return as many seller force you to deal with linksys for warranty issue even if it be doa . update 9\/7\/12 : this little modem have be run continuously since purchase except when i have be out of town without any problem . it have pay for itself many time over in modem rental savings .
793	CableModem	POS	5	we use cox for high speed internet and this modem give we great speed and reliability . since i install this modem we have not experience any issue with access the internet .
194	CableModem	POS	5	got this modem and right away have the problem that ` niideep ' write in he review . i follow he advice exactly and within a few hour the modem be up and run flawlessly . the key be to hook it up to the cable and leave it alone for about 2 hour . that be what i do . i then have to wrestle with the comcast activation page for about 45 minute but finally it take and walum , everything be fine . no drop in service at all . the comcast tech guy be suppose to come and do this for i but i be glad i do it myself now because i think he would have give up have the modem not initialize right away which alot of time it will not . again , read ' niideep 's ' review and follow what he say . this be indeed a great modem . i initially pair this modem with the mediabridge router you see everyone buying , but the range be not good enough for i so instead i get the belkin 600 and that hook up very easily and have be great despite the so-so review . again , i think you can not go wrong with this modem if you be patient . special thanks . to ` niideep ' for he great review and advice which get i through this process .
810	CableModem	POS	5	when i have my cable install i know the moment the tech pull out a outdated rca modem i need to upgrade . the ridiculously slow speed come from say modem further prove my suspicion . i start research modem and come to the conclusion it be a 50\/50 crap shoot ... either it will work for you or it will not . i choose to look at cisco because i already own a cisco router ,  cisco-valet plus wireless router  i be really glad i do . set up the cisco linksys modem be so easy , i have never have a modem\/router set-up so fast and easily . all i do be plug everything in , swap it out with my cable company online , and voilum i be online ... and my online speed jump from a crawl of 2.5 mbp ... to blaze fast speed of 12mbp and up . if you be have problem with you cable internet speed , odds be its the modem they provide you with . i dump my cable originally because of lousy speed , and go back out of necessity . if i have know i could have resolve my issue with a new modem i would have do this year ago , and save myself countless hour of customer service call .
382	CableModem	POS	5	the modem be fast and a great alternative to rent one from the cable company . the set up be easy and it work right out of the box .
611	CableModem	POS	5	install right where comcast cable come into the house for digital hd cable with 2 dvr 's and internet . problem with lose channel and pixelated tv be solve . i would highly recommend this .
479	CableModem	POS	4	this be just about plug and play . nothing too it . worked great right out of the box . no problem , yet . but you really do not see it in many place online ... specwise ... it be usb 1.1 , not 2.0 or higher . so if you plan on use it for usb connection only , be warn .
918	CableModem	POS	5	this modem be smaller compare to the old motorolum sb5101 . take i less than 15 minute to be on the phone with comcast to activate it . i give they mac id and s\/n which be print on the quick start guide . as for speed , i be get 36mbp down compare to 20mbp with old modem . could not be happier to upgrade my modem !
122	CableModem	POS	5	as a comcast customer , i be a little hesitant to buy this modem after read all the review . however , i need a new one really bad because the old modem just keep on resetting ; also want to see how much speed improvement the docsis 3.0 get . so i take the gamble and order one . i immediately open the box when it get deliver to my doorstep . plug in the power , wait a few minute for it to completely boot up , then plug ethernet cable to the modem and directly to my laptop . unplugged the coax cable from old modem and plug into the sb6121 modem . no surprise here , yellow warning icon . no connection . call comcast and provide the mac address -lrb- comcast do not use customer s\/n for they setup -rrb- , but no luck as the rep tell i the router be show online but will not communicate with they server . still no luck after a couple of try , so she say to leave the modem on and she will call back to check in 30 min . 30 min pass . she call and give it another attempt ... nothing ! she then politely apologize about the situation and say the unit be probably a defect , suggest i return the item to get a new unit . -lrb- really ??? i think in the back of my mind -rrb- so i brush she off by thank she for she help , while tell myself this unit be perfectly fine . after i hang up the phone , i decide to power it off , turn back on and leave it on overnight -lrb- as other mention that method work for they -rrb- . little do you know . after power back on , i hit f5 to refresh my browser page . the rainbow color google logo with a search bar underneath show up in the middle of the browser window . finally up and run !! quickly do a speedtest and get 14mbp download speed -lrb- subscribe for 10mbp -rrb- . it be blaze fast !! very stable and have not have to reset the modem after 1 month .
838	CableModem	POS	5	the cable modem be extremely easy to set up . have the thing ready to go in 1\/2 hr . that include the call to comcast to register the product . very happy with the purchase .
77	CableModem	POS	5	everyone else have this pretty well cover ... unless you want to try something cheaper and deal with delay and return , this be the way to go for weak cable reception . total home run .
191	CableModem	POS	5	i be on dsl for year but decide to try out cable . we already have expand basic cable service , so the self-install be easy . take about 10 minute to set this up after a call to the cable company - it be plug-and-play . modem be well build and solid . do not run `` hot '' as indicate in another review -lrb- at least mine do not -rrb- . after be on for hour the top be warm , but not overly so . my little dsl modem get just as warm , or warmer , than this one . nice little rubber foot . i do not want the model with the build in wireless router . i would rather have a separate router for upgrade , flexibility , and the fact that if one or the other crap out i do not have to toss the whole unit . it be more expensive this way i guess , and take up slightly more room , but that be ok . speed be excellent . i be pay for 15 mbp service but routinely get 20-30 mbp depend on time of day . upload speed have be consistently around 3 mbp . i have read that docsis 3.0 allow for better speed control by the cable company , but i be happy with this speed to be sure . i be run this through multiple splitter - maybe three . we live in a old 1927 house , so the wiring be not the best in the world . i have have one drop connection -lrb- a t3 or t4 timeout i believe the modem log say -rrb- . i re-seat the cable connection at the back and the modem re-booted fine . the stability seem fine so far . the only thing i do not like be that the bottom indicator -lrb- for device connection -rrb- flash instead of be constant . amber for regular ethernet speed or blue for gigabit - my router be regular speed so i get amber . it be not a deal breaker but why have a constantly flash light ? somewhat annoying . i would prefer it be a steady light , and flash only if something be wrong . i have research this and it seem to be the way this modem be configure , for some reason . it would be nice if a firmware update could address this but i be not hold my breath . it look nice imo . no funky weird line or angle , just a nice little black box with cool light . it be well ventilate too . i would buy another one if need .
424	CableModem	POS	5	i have use this model for more than 1 month . there be no problem and it work stably . this one fit comcast service and it be better than motorola sb6120 . if there be more than 2 people share comcast internet . this one will be better than motorola sb6120 .
312	CableModem	POS	5	work great out of box ; easy setup . no dropout in several week -lrb- unlike the dlink modem it replace -rrb- . it do what it be suppose to do -lrb- act invisible -rrb- ; recommend highly .
32	CableModem	POS	5	modem be compact fast and do what it be suppose to do . worked right out of the box with no problem and be very easy to hook up .
885	CableModem	POS	4	i buy this modem to replace my cable modem . this modem work great . the installation be very simple and easy . and since then i have have no problem .
166	CableModem	POS	5	modem be very easy to hook up . love the slim design and the fact that you can either lay it flat or stand it up .
254	CableModem	POS	5	the cable modem arrive promptly in a well package box . it be almost a `` plug and play '' set up . all i have to do be to call my cable provider and give they the mac address , from the lable on the bottom of the unit . just connect the cable and plug in to power , and i be up and run in less than 1 minute . the router have be run steadily since the first day , with no reboot need . this be a good value for the money .
709	CableModem	POS	5	cant complain so far so good . . do what it say . . easy to setup will update if i have any issue
154	CableModem	POS	5	install immediately with xfinity -- very easy . but then i go to plug in the phone line -- oops ! my fault not theirs -- just think you would like to know . amazon as always a simple return and buy a modem ` with telephony '' from arris -- also through amazon . up and work after a couple call to comcast -- now do with the $ 7\/month rental fee -- do not ask how long i have be pay that !!!
180	CableModem	POS	5	it arrive shortly after order . the prong on the plug be a little bent , but i just get out the pliers and fix it . just plug everything in how comcast , or whoever , have theirs set up and you be almost there . the next time you try to log on to the internet , it will walk you through how to register it and then internet will be yours and you will no longer have to pay comcast they 7 dollar every month for a little box that you can install all by yourself .
44	CableModem	POS	5	we buy this to replace tw 's modem . tw website say this modem be compatible even though the netgear box claim not . easy installation . just have to call tw with the mac address . works fine with we ubiquity router .
979	CableModem	POS	5	i absolutely refuse to pay for cable at two home so i do a bunch of research and decide that only hook up fast internet and then use roku and the service at both home would be a better choice . however , i know nothing about modem and such so i have to read a whole lot of review and look up all the comcast datum and such . hopefully , this will make it easier for anyone else like i who be also look to cut down on fee and buy a really good modem . hook up be super fast and since i have the tech come to do all the other set up , i do not do anything at all . but , it be very fast and it just need a single phone call , the number from the bottom of the box and then it be good to go . this modem be a very good one base on the comcast table and get speed right at the maximum list for the service . that be really nice since i be use amazon prime video , netflix and huluplus for most of my viewing -lrb- along with a antenna for local channel -rrb- . no problem with picture or sound and i run my computer at the same time . the light on it be a little bit bright so that might be a consideration if you be look to put this in the bedroom . i find they quite merry and do not mind they at all . also , unlike my cable modem at my main home , this one be not blaze hot all the time . this get a touch warm , but not scary hot like my other one . overall , i do think this do just what it should and it do it well . and i be not pay $ 7 a month for the rental fee ! bonus .
411	CableModem	POS	5	plug and play , no problem install and have work great for over a month now . will need to call you isp to get it connect to internet , take about 10 minute .
527	CableModem	POS	5	my first option be to buy a arris wbm760a as part of a new setup to replace a unreliable surfboard sbg6850 but it be not be sell anywhere but ebay for more than i would like to pay . after receive the ubee 3513 from amazon , comcast could not activate it and have try different method to activate it without success . i have lose hope and almost return the ubee to amazon until i come across someone on the internet mention that they have activate they modem by use comcast 's activation page . i give it a try and presto ... activation success ! so if you be have difficulty as i be , try comcast.com\/activate so far , the cable modem have be great . there be no drop or reset . i also have a motorola sbg6580 that constantly reset ... stay away from the sbg6580 as many have say of its problem ! update : recently i find out why the ubee have trouble set up with comcast when i request a technician to do a final check to see if my internet connection be good . when comcast try to setup the ubee , they system do not expect a customer to own a ubee modem so it will not setup . now if you use the online setup , the modem will be setup but however as a netgear modem . as a netgear modem , there be no functional issue as it may have the same chipset as the ubee modem . this be the best way to set this modem up and then leave it that way . be careful if you have a comcast tech set this modem up as a ubee , you will be charge the rental because comcast detect ubee serial number as belong to comcast . now i have a problem with comcast to straighten out because the tech setup my ubee modem as a ubee modem instead of leave the modem as a netgear modem . -lrb- see update below , maybe you can setup the ubee modem the right way by call comcast ? -rrb- update : in regard to comcast modem rental charge ... my local comcast store can not help with the rental charge . i call comcast billing today to tell they that i own my ubee modem and that i be be charge the rental . all they do be ask for the modem serial number and mac address , and without further question correct the problem and refund my rental fee . sweet ! we 'll see when my next bill arrive . 3-8-12
584	CableModem	POS	5	really not much to say , hook it up to the cable and the router , plug it in , give my cable company the mac address and everything work as advertise . buy this to replace my ancient motorola sb5100 that be still work perfectly but the cable company encourage everyone to switch to docsis 3.0 to take advantage of future speed increase . completely seamless transition from the old hardware , no problem with nat , etc. . pro : idiot-proof set-up and hopefully -lrb- if like my old one -rrb- rock solid reliability . con : none that i can think of .
360	CableModem	POS	4	okay , i just sign up for comcast cable and internet and choose this modem\/router combo . i have a zoom 56k modem year ago that work great so i take a chance . my goal be to have a fairly fast connection so i can hit my slingbox in another city . previously my internet connection here have be my tethered 4g droid bionic . i be kill verizon with datum usage -lrb- 60-70gb -rrb- and i think they be throttle the connection or the phone be buggy . either way the speed would move all over the place and it be not reliable so it be out . it be easy enough to setup . the first thing i do be change the admin password because there be list out there of every router 's default password . then i change the name of the ssid and set it to not broadcast . you can have some fun with ssid name . i then disable wps , i do not want anything to do with that protocol as it be very easy to crack . i be use wpa and i change the default connection password there also . it come set as zoom #### where the number be 4 digit in the mac address . i do not see any place to assign static ip 's so that be not so good . you can setup mac address security though and that seem like another layer of security to keep out wi-fi thief . it be work okay , i be get decent enough speed to get a great picture from my slingbox and this be with the slowest comcast internet service . so far so good .
130	CableModem	POS	5	have roadrunner turbo . north carolina . doc . 3 not available in my area , but will be implement by the end of the year . -lrb- hahah , sure . -rrb- anyways , i be get 10mb on average , while drop down to 2 or 4mb during peak hour . have a ubee doc . 2.0 modem , and finally say , `` screw it '' and get this one . take 2 hour on the phone with roadrunner support for they to finally approve my mac address . the tier 1 tech can not approve the modem to work . you will have to go to tier 2 or 3 . once roadrunner finally approve the modem , it work flawlessly . i be get 20 mb steady during peak hour , and upload have increase from 500k to 2mb . modem run a bit hot , but that be it .
15	CableModem	POS	5	it be easy to setup . it improve my speed from 19meg to 31 meg . i would recommend this product to anyone whose on a docsis 3 cable line .
179	CableModem	POS	5	this be the second motorola cable modem i have purchase -lrb- i lose the first when my apartment burn down -rrb- , and it seem as reliable as the first . i hope to get as many year out of this one as the first . so far , so good .
555	CableModem	NEG	1	i try this product twice , but it be very hard to get a stable connection to the internet , compare with comcast 's arris cable modem . the first installation be do by the comcast technician and the second connection be make through phone technical support . although the second connection be successful , but when connnect to the linksys wireless router , it lead to a fail connection .
703	CableModem	NEG	1	listen to the other one star review ! i think , `` sure , a few people get a bad unit that continually reset itself , but surely , motorola have fix the issue by now . there be so many good review , i 'll buy it ! '' wrong ! heap of junk continually reset . my cable installation be brand new , include the main box in the back yard . moto be worthless .
417	CableModem	NEG	2	i have purchase two of these unit , both die within a year . i do install they in a attic space so not sure if the temperature extreme be what kill they . either way you would think they would be more durable .
530	CableModem	NEG	1	i need docsis 3.0 , and my motorola 6020 die after only a year of use -lrb- keep drop the connection -rrb- , so i `` upgrade '' to the 6121 . after be on the phone with comcast for nearly a hour to get it up and run , it finally connect . 5 min after i hang up the phone with they it disconnect . it keep connect and disconnect randomly after that . the connection , when it do connect , do not hold on for long . i think i be do with motorola modem . i have a much older one that work great , can not remember the model , unfortunately it be only docsis 2.0 and i be pay for 3.0 service , something motorola can not seem to get right .
524	CableModem	NEG	1	i order this a couple day ago and be still try to get it to work flawlessly . i buy it , of course , to help drive down my comcast bill but lately it be be stay active for anywhere between 20 min to 4 hour . it be get better and with every call to comcast i feel better that it be go to be a great modem . i be get a easy 36 mb down and 6 up which be a little better than what i pay for . i 'll update this as soon as i be confident the modem will become stable . 1\/8\/13 update : it be not go to happen . i have call comcast 6 time , different answer each time , i have move the modem to every free and splice line in my house , none work . it be honestly like the science experiment where if you check on the router -lrb- 192.168.100.1 -rrb- it crash . or if you do not check you get anywhere between 5 min to 4 hr of uptime but a crash be inevitable . i have read extensively on this and it seem like a botched firmware upgrade . i would avoid this modem for the time be if you be in the metro-atlanta area with comcast . i have read that people have have some success with the zoom brand or you could just get another arris which be what i be consider
959	CableModem	NEG	1	i do not know what to think . accord to all these great review , this router be suppose to walk on water . well , my connection suck ! you would think i have dial-up internet vs cable wireless . at certain point throughout the day , my connection be great . however 80-90 % of the day its very slow . i have a mac macbook pro . i can not have too many window open simultaneously . its only when i close window that my connection speed up . its awful . i be go to put this thing on ebay to recoup some of my $ 100 , and try another router before i totally give up on comcast .
875	CableModem	NEG	1	you should know that netgear do not sell this modem to individual , only isp . at least that be what netgear keep tell i . it be pretty frightening when a company that be suppose to be a major internet player can not do a google search to see that over 100 store sell this modem directly to user . my cmd31t die six week after it be purchase . one day it be work fine and the next day i have no internet connection with my isp . first i call my isp and do all the stuff they ask . then my isp send out a technician with a network analyzer . my connection be fine , the modem be not . then the nightmare begin . the netgear support number connect to a call center in india . everyone there follow the script exactly . the first customer service representative -lrb- csr -rrb- tell i that netgear do not do support for this modem , i have to call my isp . i call my isp to check and they confirm that since this be a privately purchase modem that netgear be responsible for support . the second csr have i do a bunch of diagnostic step . nothing work , but since i could still see the gui in the modem , the modem must be fine . the third csr tell i to call the isp and when i ask to speak to a supervisor , blow i off . the forth csr say someone from netgear would call i . i be still wait for a rma so i can return this modem two week later . btw , forget any support if you run linux . you can tell the csr you ip address , dn , and default route , -lrb- which be much easier to find in linux -rrb- but if you be not run windoze they tell you they can not do support . the technician from the isp recommend arris or motorola . i buy a motorola modem because i might not ever get a rma from netgear . if you buy this modem and it fail you will not get any support from netgear . 9 march 2012 update : my first email contact with netgear be 22 february 2012 . i have send they my amazon purchase receipt twice . still no rma from netgear . i be send a email to netgear technical support every few day tell they i still have not receive a rma . if i ever receive a rma i will post how long it take . so far my motorola surfboard sbg901 be work o.k. it be not docsis 3.0 but at least it work . 22 march 2012 update : it look like netgear be never go to send i a rma . the only response i get from chithra or vishnu or simbhu or arif be `` please wait so that they can get the necessary detail from they to assist you better . '' i will be happy to post or forward any of these email from netgear . netgear automatically close any support case in seven day if you do not reply to they email . they be hope i will get tired of wait and just write off the $ 90 i pay for the cmd31t . please think twice before buy any netgear product 24 march 2012 update ; check out the comment from netgear !!! they will not respond to my support case but they sure as heckfire will try and spin bad pr !!! oh , ipv6 be the problem ? then why have my motorola modem work perfectly the day after my netgear modem fail ? maybe motorola make a better product than netgear . or maybe my isp temporarily switch to ipv6 and then wait until i call to tell they i buy a motorola modem and immediately switch back to ipv4 so the motorola modem work . hmmm ... i wonder ?
649	CableModem	NEG	1	this modem be not compactable with comcast . it be not on they approve modem list and can not be activate . would have be nice if this be mention in the product description or tech spec .
901	CableModem	NEG	1	i would not buy zoom again ! we purchase this unit - start out ok , then six\/seven month later zoom push out a update through we internet provider , put the unit into vapor lock ! they customer service be really bad here - take 24 to 48 hour -lrb- m-f only -rrb- to get they to send you the e-form to fill out in order to get a rma # -lrb- so i can pay to ship it back to repair they screw up -rrb- , 2-4 day shipping , 5-10 day for repair , 2-4 day shipping -lrb- if they decide i do not do something to the unit -rrb- so three week later i can get internet back !!
819	CableModem	NEG	2	i have comcast and purchase this wireless gateway -lrb- cable modem & router in one case -rrb- to use at home for a few reason . 1 -rrb- to stop pay comcast $ 7 each month to rent a cable modem , 2 -rrb- to upgrade from a old linksys 802.11 b router that limit download speed and have only the -lrb- not very secure -rrb- wep encryption . installation of the zoom 5350 be easy , instruction be very good . everything be great , in fact , except for the wireless range . this 802.11 n product should have more range than the linksys 802.11 b router from 2000 that it replace . at least in my house it be substantially inferior to that older router . i try different orientation of the case and different height in the room -- no improvement . i return the product today to best buy -lrb- no problem do that -- thanks best buy ! -rrb- and replace it with a zoom 5341j cable modem and a linksys 1550 wireless router -lrb- 2.4 ghz only -rrb- . this combination of two separate device work much , much better . the cable modem electronics be probably identical to those in the zoom 5350 , but the linksys router be obviously either a stronger signal or a better -lrb- set of -rrb- antenna -lrb- s -rrb- . everyone 's house be different , but if you have a small house with not too many interior wall , then the zoom 5350 might be a great product . if you need better wireless coverage , i would recommend the linksys 1550 router and a separate cable modem .
974	CableModem	NEG	1	it work find for 30 day and then suddenly fail without warning . i replace it with a motorola cable modem .
187	CableModem	NEG	1	i be in a bind and i need it in a hurry . it arrive earlier than promise and in good condition . imagine my surprise when the technician plug it in and it would not connect . i be in a bind so i have to rent one of they modem until i could replace it . my other option be to wait and pay for another service call ... i need the connection asap . i buy a better cable modem at the big box and get a much better deal . and it work when we connect it and plug it in . foolish i , i do not shop the price like i should have . the exact same modem be $ 30 cheaper at the big box . i return the modem to amazon . no muss , no fuss , no hassle . they reverse the charge promptly . this transaction have change my opinion of shopping at amazon . two bad experience with amazon within the same month . i will be more careful with future purchase .
583	CableModem	NEG	1	buy this modem because of how well supposedly it work with comcast and think i could avoid the $ 7.00 rental fee every month . so after follow the ` easy ' instruction , i have no internet access , my network can not be find and there be absolutely no support . comcast could not & would not help i because it be not there equipment . so basically i have a $ 85 paperweight . oh and it only take 2 hour to restore the network , reset the router at 1am . i work from home after hour so must be connect .
907	CableModem	NEG	1	pro : it be very easy to setup . con : after a couple of week usage , the speed drop so much that most of the time i be wait for the web page to load if not totally lose the signal . conclusion : this be the worst cable modem i ever use . do not buy it .
737	CableModem	NEG	1	buy this before read the review , and it turn out to be total junk . my cable company , whose name be prominently display on this thing 's box , spend 2 hour on the phone with i and we could not get this thing to work at all , so come back here to amazon and go with a surfboard - which work perfectly out of the box , take the cable company two minute to activate and do . do not waste you time with this turkey . too bad there be not zero star .
457	CableModem	NEG	1	i buy this modem as a replacement for my comcast-rented docsis 2.0 modem , and it work great when i connect my computer directly to the modem . when connect through my apple airport extreme 802.11 n -lrb- 1st generation -rrb- router , though , i begin to see problem . whenever i be do anything that use a substantial portion of my bandwidth -lrb- e.g. download large file or watch netflix streaming -rrb- , after a couple of minute i would begin to see ping time to test server rise and eventually stop altogether . the connection would effectively drop for a minute or two , and then it would come back . my problem be very similar to the one report at -lrb- ... -rrb- i have use this router successfully with my prior cable modem , so there must be some incompatibility between the modem and my router . i also know other have report no problem with airport extreme router and this modem -lrb- though i do not know which generation of the airport extreme they be use -rrb- .
318	CableModem	NEG	2	i have purchase this modem to replace a lease modem from comcast . i be on the phone with comcast for less than 20 minute and everything be up and operational . after successfully get this modem up and run for about a day or so , the modem some how be power down by itself and it never come back online again . no led or power on the box . i have the modem return to amazon for full refund and decide to give sbg6580 docis 3.0 \/ wifi\/router a shot . i be not disappoint at all , because i still have the dsl as a backup connection until the new replacement modem arrive . 1 , attach the coaxial cable to the modem , 2 , power it on 3 , attach the one end of the lan cable directly to you computer and the other to the modem . 4 , if you get the 192.168.1 . x address and no default gateway set , then it be time to put a call into comcast . 5 , before call comcast , take down the hfc mac address from you modem . 6 , all the light should turn green once comcast have activate it successfully . 7 , if you be still get the 192.168.1 . x address from the modem via dhcp . here be the fun part , which comcast technician do occasionally ask they customer to do in order to resolve the issue be by reboot they pc . i do not see there be a need for reboot you pc , just detach the lan cable from you pc or from the modem end and re-attaching it again . you should see the 76 . x.x. x -lrb- comcast public , could be different for other carrier -rrb- address obtain on you pc . this have indicate the modem be now in bridge mode and be fully functional . 8 , open up a terminal window and try to ping -lrb- ... -rrb- or 8.8.8.8 . if you see the ping response , then you be good to go . if you be not computer wiz , then just bring up you internet explorer or browser to test you connectivity . 9 , speedtest you connection too by go to -lrb- ... -rrb- before let comcast tech get off the line . 10 , now you can disconnect the lan cable from you pc and have it plug into you home router\/wireless wan port . good luck everyone and hope i will get better luck with sbg6580 .
350	CableModem	NEG	2	combine a cable modem and a router be a great idea . however , the product need improve . you can not turn off the ssid broadcast even though the manual say you can . tech support acknowledge that but be not go to do anything about it . the signal be intermittent , so connect to a work vpn be not reliable . it disconnect the vpn constantly . finally , the device completely reset itself to the factory setting . if you buy this product , be ready to unplug the power on a regular basis to get it to work again .
354	CableModem	NEG	1	when i set it up it take forever to get connect with comcast because it keep reboot over and over again . finally it stop and i get set up with comcast for the first time . some session on my computer\/surfing the web be fine but other time it will randomly reboot\/reset . i can not find any explanation for this online other than it be a faulty modem .
255	CableModem	NEG	2	buy it in nov of 2009 . i have internet problem for several month and even have comcast out to check my signal . they say everything be ok . i notice that the modem be warm to hot to the touch . i buy a motorola modem and now everything be fine . would not buy another linksys .
129	CableModem	NEG	1	i be in san francisco bay area , use comcast cable modem . after install this device , my internet connection stop work . it seem downstream be okay , but the upstream signal have problem . after remove the device , my connection work just like before . i be hope this device can get i a better upstream power level since mine be at the boderline , but no luck for i . on the side , watch out for the 75 ohm terminator seller offer . for my case , i be not pay attention , just click what seller recommend and trust the prime label . i end up pay $ 9 shipping for a $ 3 part . amazon say it be my fault , and yes it be . but how can amazon allow seller to put trap to trick amazon 's customer . who be fault be it really ??
563	CableModem	NEG	1	i purchase a cm100 about 8 month ago at a local store to match my linksys wrt54g . in the last month or so i have notice sporadic internet service during which my ping time increase by ~ 500m for period of roughly 2-3 minute . well my cm100 finally die today after a gentle existence on the floor behind my tv . i be not pleased that a $ 70 modem only last 8 month .
976	CableModem	NEG	1	i be a tech for a cable company and have install literally hundred of modem and i now see why we will not deal with motorola anymore . the modem do ' t work right out of the package . it look like i will go with a cisco or zoom .
398	CableModem	NEG	2	i be sure the motorola surfboard  sb6121 docsis 3.0 cable modem be a very capable modem consider it be a motorola product ; however , i have to put 2 star to get people attention . the motorola surfboard  sb6121 docsis 3.0 cable modem be not yet on comcast 's list of support modem . i think that wait 4 month since the release of this product would give comcast time to obtain the software require to add the sb6121 to they network . well , i be wrong . it be a shame to give this product 2 star when i never even get the chance run it through its pace . i would rather give comcast 2 star for be lazy . the comcast tech that come to setup my modem say that the comcast system identify my modem ; however , that be about it . he connect a different modem to show i that modem on the list will work . he say that he have a  motorola sb6120 surfboard docsis 3.0 extreme broadband cable modem  so unfortunately , i have to return the sb6121 and i order the sb6120 . i be not slam amazon or this product . i just want to make comcast customer or future comcast customer aware that the sb6121 will not work on the comcast network yet .
