index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
657	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this unit be not only well design for stylish -lrb- i like the blue light in the night -rrb- but also deliver very solid sound , especially when you play dvd-audio . the name `` compo '' mean it can do virtually all the current format on the planet , and yes it do -lrb- except the minidisc -rrb- . and unlike the other lesser model , the 3-way speak be magnetically-shielded , which mean put along the tv set be not a issue at all . the lesser model -lrb- pm19 -rrb- have a 5-line big screen to show you track\/disc information . this one not . but when i connect it to the tv , it have more power to show all relavant information . unbelievable . the japanese model -lrb- sc-pm900dvd -rrb- have a extra which i would like to have , md , and it be world-fastest 6x speed cd to md recording system . it just locate below the mirror screen . however , the price tag in japan be somewhere between 45000 to 50000 yen -lrb- about $ 450 to 500 -rrb- . consider that , $ 250 msrp in us be a steal ! . the only thing i do not like be the remote control : just way to complicate . i do not know how to operate the 90 % of the command without consult the manual . maybe this be also a good indication that this baby can do a lot , i just do not know how to tell it to do .
984	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	when i first hook it up and test it , it sound a little weak , but i go through the menu and everything be turn down , like the volume for the speaker and subwoofer , once i put it up the sound be amazing , the bass come from the woofer seem like a 100 watt system rather than a 70 . i reccommend this for any room small or large , you will not be dissapointed especially at this price .
200	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the unit have good base sound and be convenient because the subwoofer be located in the unit itself . this make for a compact sound system with good sound . however , while the sound be good , the simulated surround sound be not a plus for i . i also be disapoint that there be no input for my ipod and no connection to the internet in order to play xm radio or pandora . i do get the unit for a great price .
81	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	for a not very techie family we like the sound that come out of this system . much easier to hook up than other brand we buy and then return because it would not sync with we tv . we do not watch a lot of dvd , but like the sound that come out when watch tv , sport , movie and news .
109	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i get so tired of the ever-spiralling theater ticket ! for the price of a couple ticket , couple pepsis and a tub of buttered popcorn , you can buy two or three dvd !  no more someone talk over the movie plot ; no someone kick the back of you seat the whole time no matter how many time you ask they to stop ; no stick floor from drop drink ; no eegit scream `` do not go in there , man ! '' or `` what till you see where he kill here '' thus reveal the whole plot because that be the 12th time the saw the movie today !!! no traffic jam or parking on the far 40 !  now you can sit in the comfort of you own home and watch what you want , and if someone talk over a crucial point in the plot ... hey , rewind !! the power of the speaker be amazing , once you experience the range of sound rock you house with dobey sensurround you will wonder how you ever do without this system before . be easy to install , love the multiple dvd changer ... you will be able to put all three ring movie in at once and sit back and satisfy you addiction !  couple this set up with a big screen hdtv ... and you will be in movie heaven . frodo and aragon will never be the same !!
125	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	... cause i do not believe it either . quincy jones + studio level speaker mfgr = quality i do not expect at a value i could never get through normal channel . i be not a audiophile , but these create a better sound space than my local movie theater . i do not plan to add surround sound to my flat-screen till i find these , but now i actually look forward to sit down to the sound as much as the picture with my new flat screen . for the first few week , we turn around on several occassion think someone might be in the house , when we hear a particularly clear back noise . it be eerie . on the older silver line set that i own , lab analysis show a nice , even sound across all bandwidth except for a narrow drop off just below the voice range . when i first buy these i think i could hear that difference play the same song back and forth with my home audio system . now i do not hear it , but i think i have just get use to it . of course my home audio system can not touch the clean simplicity of the high on ribbon technology speaker . as a point of comparison , when i sit in the comfy leather chair at best-buy to watch they top of the line set up , the sound be a little bit richer and beefier than this set up will deliver . still , these be not toy themselves . at 110 pound there be a lot of mass in speaker magnet . when i come home to this i be very satisfied with this sound . it be way beyond the cheese-factor of a typical home theater in a box , convey movie sound track and football game well enough to entrance -lrb- too well - i have gain 20 pound -rrb- and the sense of thing move in space be believable and real . for i it be clear enough that i have save hundred on movie i now watch at home instead of in the theater . i think the way they can do this so cheaply be by not chase the most recent audio format\/standard on the receiver . you 'll notice dolby do not say `` dolby-hd . '' note too that there be no build disc player , etc. . just sound stuff : a tuner and a amplifier . to my ear the quality of these speaker contribute a lot more than anything in the latest dt or dolby standard and , with good speaker , i can not tell the difference . if you ear can tell the difference deliver by the most recent standard you may want to upgrade the receiver at some point and keep the speaker , or you may be able to hear thing i can not and need to be shop in the 3-5k range . i love mine just as it be . they clearly have find a affordable way to harness ribbon technology too . i remember in the 80 's giant ribbon tech speaker be ultra high-end . note too that there be no hdmus pass-through connection on the back . that may be a deal breaker for some , it work fine for i . i just connect the optical port out of my tv to the optical in on this receiver . so , for blu-ray disc my bd player connect directly to the tv with hdmus and the tv connect to this receiver via optical . works for i . the lack of hdmus pass through be probably another way they manage to keep the cost this low . i have trouble believe you could get sound this good at this cost . if i have not find the audio response datum , i would have assume the positive reviewer just do not know sound . i take a risk and be well reward . i be no audiophile myself but my sense be i could get this quality , more connection , and maybe a little more volume if i be willing to spend about $ 2k on something else . hope that help .
889	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i have no complaint with the quality of this system . it sound great and the disc-changer be extremely quiet and fast compare to other . one word of caution : the satellite speaker be a bit larger than i expect . you can not tell it from the pic on this site , but without the stand each one be approximately the same height as the subwoofer . and do not assume that the elongate design make they any less bulky . they be still just as wide and deep as other satellite , only twice as tall . i start out with all four speaker on the stand provide and feel that they look ridiculous in my average size living room . the stand be silver plastic , have a large plastic base , and be not very thin . i end up wall-mounting the two rear speaker and buy skinnier metal stand for the front satellite . i could not be happier with the outcome .
161	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i purchase this system in aug 2004 and i be very pleased with its performance . recording be very easy and i especially like the time-slip feature this allow you to watch a show from the beginning and continue to record the program . so long vh tape forever ! the system deliver a terrific picture and the sound make every show , movie , and sport event a new experience . i also enjoy the am-fm radio that be build into the unit . i be sure that the high-end system blow this unit away but for the money and the size this be a great buy !
544	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a excellent buy for a home theater system . kenwood have always be on top of the game when it come to sterio . my only real complaint about this system be the speaker -lrb- not the way they sound -rrb- , the way they look . they be kinda ugly without the cover on they . besides that the system be wonderful , powerfull , and it give you plenty of control over the sound to suit you need .  if you be look for a home theater and can not afford a system like bose , than this be a great buy .  `` consumer reports '' also rate this system very high , 3rd or 4th on they list . not bad at all !
265	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	no hassle to set up . . great sound for a small 2 bed apartment live room ... perfect . . one can enjoy surround system without complaint from neighbor ... i recommend for a small house\/room ... it be ok to have just the dvd as i already have a ps3 ... look for blu ray aswell go for other stuff
923	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i have be want a home theater system for a long time and this one be a great first choice . the instruction take a little longer to digest through than i think they would , but within 2 hour everything be set up , adjust and i be watch a dvd . great for someone who already have a dvd player they like and only need the basic system . i live in a apartment and the sound be fantastic .
735	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this item be so much more than i think it would be . for the money to get a stereo \/ dvd player and radio it be unbelievable . it look great and sound better . my family love it .
861	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just purchase it yesterday , this be we first ht experience . we be thrill by the surround sound so far , i be in the process of test all option , will update the review as well as star rating as i see more . so far , the pro be : 1 -rrb- excellent surround sound 2 -rrb- special hbass for additional bass be awesome 3 -rrb- play dvd , cd , mp3 very well 4 -rrb- interfaced quickly to my philips tv , so can use the same remote for tv too . now can watch tv shows\/movies on home theater ! 5 -rrb- set-up with manual be quick and easy 6 -rrb- aesthetically my wife love the tower-front speaker 7 -rrb- 5-disc changer be such that you can put cds\/dvds in the unoccupied tray without interruption current cd\/dvd play . so far , the con be : 1 -rrb- do not play mpeg 2 -rrb- do not play vcd burn with divx 3 -rrb- remote have a gazillion option , will take time to master it ! 4 -rrb- speaker wire which come with the ht be not great , will definitely need replacement down the line . new addition : pro 1 -rrb- plays jpeg very well , it scan through you datum disc and display all jpeg file as a slideshow . file not recognize be skip . use `` playlist '' on the remote , be like use window explorer on the tv screen for select specific file .
209	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	when i walk into the bose store and hear this system playing , i be overwhelm . the crispness of the sound , frequency range , sound distribution , powerful bass ... i immediately ask for a personal demo , and i be even more perplexed when they give i the regular bose design demo where they show you the wonder that this system can do . the surround sound be magnificent , and even if you have a mono or stereo recording it will simulate the surround sound in the greatest way i could have imagine . i could not believe that i be listen to a 50 's mono record in full surround sound at one point , and it sound excellent ! the demo of how the bass seem to come from the little speaker instead of the subwoofer be also very impressive . you hear the powerful and rich bass come from this tiny speaker , but when they cover the woofer on the subwoofer you notice the bass be go , even though it seem to be come from the little speaker ! pretty cool stuff . not to mention these tiny speaker produce a sound that be better than regular speaker that be 10 time the size . bose really hit a home run with this technology , and if you be consider it you definitely should go for it . i have never listen to music like i do now . it be a totally new experience .  as for the new system with 6 cd changer or dvd player , it be you choice . i buy this unit because i just want the speaker and a receiver to connect my dvd player\/mp3 player\/computer to -lrb- although it do have a cd player -rrb- , and this system be great for that , at the best price for a lifetime system . if you do not have you own dvd player and you want to use it for that you may want to consider the other .  also , there be newer model of the lifestyle system that come with some new speaker -lrb- jewel -rrb- that be even smaller -lrb- and more expensive -rrb- . i try these new system and i notice the small speaker could not produce a sound as crisp and rich as the lifestyle 12 speaker . the sound be much more metallic , like a cymbal , instead of be rich and velvety . if you be try to decide , do not let this factor influence you in you decision . just go for the one that be right for you price range and need . and above all , go visit a bose store and ask for a demo and listen for yourself !
417	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a test . after i write my review the program perform a a illegal operation and be shut down . before i try again to type my review , i be run this test .
234	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i be very picky with my recommendation , but this system be one you can not beat for the price . i love the fact that you can get this without a dvd player , for those who already have one seperately . you 'll hear movie and music in a way you never have before . get ready to be blow away .
62	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	these mount be very good for sony speaker . these mount be flexible to set up in any direction and come with all the require accessory .
336	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	overall this be a good sound system for the price . the rear speaker wire be definitely not long enough , you will have to buy longer one . we have a small apartment and still the wire do not even come close to reach unless they be stretch across the middle of the room . that be pretty much my only complaint .
718	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	downsize from separate sony receiver and bose acoustimass speaker , and be please with sound quality . the bass be pretty surprising for a small system . quality of picture be very good , even though the tv only have 720p \/ 1080i component input . wifi be easy , and the auto-calibrate work reasonably well to get the setting in the ball park . i 'll probably manually touch-up the level a bit for the surround speaker . remote be a little confusing , but i 'll get use to it . will try the ipod input next
220	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we buy this system about 4 month ago when move into a new place . when compare it to higher price sony model and whatnot , we find this one to have the most and best feature for the most reasonable price .  pioneer be well know for its high standard in audio quality and be probably one of the best in the industry . it have 5 speaker plus a subwoofer . the speaker be back right , back left , front right , front left , and one that go on top of you television . the overall appearance be very impressive . the subwoofer can either stand up or lay on its side , which ever you prefer . we decide to put it under the couch to create a more realistic and captivating effect .  the dolby digital encoding in this thing be superior . for example , in a movie a car could be drive from the left of the screen to to the right and the sound of the automobile will actually seem to move across you room because of the effect the speaker produce . it be as if you be actually in a theater . very deep clear sound . we preview many different home theater system from best buy and other electronics store and this one be by far the best . it have a cleaner , crisper , deeper , more resonant sound than other model such as the more expensive sony . no hiss or click sound like the other produce because they can not handle the amount of sound . also , it have ton of different preset theater surround sound you can pick from to give you dvd the best sound possible . some of they that i can remember off hand be action , drama , musical , virtual surround 1 , virtual surround 2 -lrb- my favorite -rrb- , and there be many many more that i can not remember right now .  another feature that make this model superior to its competitor be that it be all in one unit . the receiver and 5-dvd changer be all in one so you do not have to worry about the bulk that other system cause . this be especially helpful if you live in a small place or a apartment ... or if you just do not want alot of equipment take up alot of space . we have ours in a small stand with a vcr and playstation 2 and everything fit just fine . also , if you be worry about the 5-dvd changer ... i have have some in the past that have break , but this one be incredibly smooth and do not glich at all . superior workmanship .  one of the best thing about this system be that you can run anything through the surround sound system . we go to radioshack and buy some extra cord and be able to connect we vcr and playstation 2 through the surround sound system . you would not believe the effect this thing produce . it be amazing . when you can not rent something on dvd , you can rent it on vhs and still get the same surround sound effect . there be probably even a way to hook the actual tv through the system , but we have not figure it out yet , or we have not buy the right cord . but it do have a tv option , so i be sure that you could .  another thing that i must add in be the amazing quality of video . this dvd system produce crystal clear picture . you can definitely tell the difference between a movie in my sanyo vcr and a dvd in my pioneer . also , i use to have a panasonic dvd player prior to this purchase , and the pioneer look 10 time better . very clear . great color balance and depth . amazing .  pioneer definitely take a step up with this home theater system . the all around package be just incredible . the $ ... you be spend be definitely worth it . especially since some of the higher price model do not even have many of the feature or sound capacity that this model pack . we already know pioneer be great with sound , and now the video capability open up a whole new world of home theater entertainment .
831	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	amazing surround sound !!! we have a 1600 sq. ft. house and we family room have vault ceiling and be approximately 300 sq. ft. ... i be truly amaze with how well the quality be . i be hesitant at first because they be very inexpensive and i always figure with surround sound you get what you pay for , but not the case here at all ! we even splice the wire to make they longer and still have amazing quality ! i love put on music , regular cable or a movie and mute the surround sound to show people the difference ! no mount bracket ... but we screw in small l shape bracket to the top of the little speaker , and screw in hook on the wall ... work perfectly !  rca rt151 home theater system
898	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i just receive this stereo as a gift , and i have to say , i be quite surprised ! it be very unassuming base on appearance , but once you get everything hook up , the stereo really come alive ! i watch a few movie , and be blow away by how much depth the system have , as well as the full range provide by the surround 5 speaker . also , allow optical audio input make this essentially a receiver with a built-in dvd player . however , i personally do not use the dvd player on this unit , as i do not need it . worth note , this unit do not have any hdmus input ! it only have one output , and that be for the built-in dvd player . it be need for setup , but after that , you can safely ignore the hdmus output . also , when use the optical audio input , be sure to set the receiver to cable\/tv mode to get you sound . = -rrb- also , base on market price , i would say it would be hard to find something this good for this price . if you be look for a all-in-one unit that have great sound and a great price and be easy to setup , this be definitely worth consider .
468	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	este teatro en casa proporciona muy buenas caracteristicas de sonido . muy buen bajo . la configuracion e muy simple . el recibidor e un poco grande para mi gusto . las entrada hdmus reproduccion el sonido con una calidad muy al incluso el sonido 3d . para mi gusto e una de las mejores compras . .
181	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great little system . the 150 watts be definitely loud enough for i . i get it for $ 89 at meijer . cant go wrong at this price although i be consider a power subwoofer for really deep bass . pro plays dvd-r dvd+r nice fullscreen feature nice clean sound easy set up cons not the deep bass i want no am\/fm tuner no progressive scan no digital audio inputs
51	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i have have this soundbar for almost a month now and want to spend a good amount of time listen to it before i write up a review . for the price this be a awesome soundbar . the setup be easy and quick ; for some reason i expect the subwoofer to be wireless too , but no biggie . the soundbar itself be a-lot smaller than i have initially expect , i know it be thin but i do not expect it to be that thin . the sound that come out of those small driver be bigger than i expect too . the subwoofer + receiver be nice and convenient but do not plan on expand you sound system with it . the subwoofer and soundbar be paired nicely , the bass be generally where it should be . i have have a sony home-theater-in-a-box which have bass that be muddy and overwhelming , this be a pleasant change . the subwoofer level be adjustable too which be very convenient for movie . tv : compare to tinny sound tv speaker , this do a awesome job . there be a big spectrum of sound tv speaker just can not produce and this yamaha setup do a good job of fill that in . the sound be good , voice can be a little nasal sound but it be not super noticeable . the uni-volume feature be a big plus , it crunch some of the dynamic range but work as intend keep the commercial at the same volume as the show you be watch . movie : in term of immerse you into the movie , this system do a good job . i use the extended stereo mode which the make the sound more room filling -lrb- work well for tv too -rrb- . however i do not use the surround sound mode , you need a small living room with wall relatively close to the soundbar for this to really work at all . i try it but thanks to the wall be so far away the sound be scatter and not well image . music : this be a little bit disappointing , i be expect music to perform as well as tv or movie do but it just do not . i listen to elbow 's album `` the seldom see kid '' and immediately notice a lack of clarity and imagery in the sound . there need to be more instrument separation and overall just more definition . i be expect it to be a little bit better than it be . but this come from someone who own a pair of sennheiser hd650s and have a pair of swan m200mkiii for he computer audio setup , if you be not a audiophile you will not notice . conclusion : for a quick and easy home theater setup , this do a pretty good job . there be nothing that it really do not do well , music be a little disappointing but it still do alright . however this system can not defeat the law of physics ... even though the sound be room filling , you can still tell it be come from tiny speaker . if you have a big living room , do not expect this soundbar to do that well , you need big speaker for big and full sound . a pair of floorstander or bookshelf speaker will do much better , even if you have a small living room . for a soundbar though , this be a nice setup from yamaha .
827	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i buy mine at costco a few week ago for $ 300 and now it be on here for $ 270 ! buy one now . this be a great unit for the money . easy setup , the speaker be not too large and it be nicely design with a lot of option . i be not go to go into all the detail because other reviewer have already cover they . i actually work in sound and i be really please with this unit . sony be always quality stuff . there be more than enough power here for you . and i love that i can plug in my iphone and play my itune - man , it sound terrific .
769	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i have have this product for a year . it work excellent , sound great , much better than the hdtv speaker . setup be a snap . only one issue , but that be resolve quickly with a tech support call -lrb- a hdmus cable issue - not the lhb335 -rrb- . be sure to use hdmus and\/or fiber optic cable in order to ensure great sound quality -lrb- those `` coax '' cable have go the way of `` rabbit ear '' -rrb- . please note that hdmi cable be notoriously fussy ... i have to gently , and the key word here be gently , wiggle it -lrb- the hdmus cable end -rrb- a little bit to get a good connection . i put in a dvd and watch for output . i try three brand of hdmi cable before i find one that be reliable -lrb- price be not a good indicator of cable quality , either -rrb- . now i have a rj-45 cable to my internet modem , hdmus output to a hdtv , fiber optic input from two hdtv 's , and hdmus input from my notebook pc -lrb- it be permanently sit on my entertainment center -rrb- . this setup give i excellent mp3 playback from my pc -lrb- or directly from a usb drive into the lhb335 -rrb- , great hdtv sound , and streaming hd video from n \* tfl \* x. the bass sound great when you turn up the volume , but you neighbor may not appreciate the sound as much as you do -lrb- mine do not -rrb- . i play all type of music : pop , classic , jazz , rap , trance , hard rock , and they all sound great through this system . the sound be better than most actual movie theater . the blu-ray picture quality be wonderful , and dvd picture quality be very good , too . i love that the built-in streaming video provider be already setup and ready to play . the remote control be intuitive , easy to use , and be easy on battery - with quality replacement battery -lrb- i would only move the `` home '' button to some place other than just under the `` sound effect '' button -rrb- . overall , i be very happy and quite satisfied with my purchase . if i be to have the issue that other reviewer have mention , i would take the unit back to the vendor for a exchange -lrb- do not pay the money that lg want for a return , duh , when you can get a direct exchange for free -rrb- .
61	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i really like this sound bar . my music , xbox 360and ps3 game sound great . and the fact it be 3d compatible be also a sweet bonus . the only down side to this be the ipod dock . you have to pay $ 50 extra for a tiny piece of equipment just so you can use you remote control to play tune from you ipod\/iphone . i personally use the analog line to play my music . but in all , this be a great buy .
441	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	... overall , i be very impress by the quality and value of this product . the system provide plenty of power for anyone with a small to mid-size room , and the clarity be better than one might expect from small home theater in a box speaker .  the heart of the system be a 500 watt receiver build by marantz -lrb- although sell under the philips brand name -rrb- . the receiver have all the bell and whistle one would associate with any upper-end receiver . it have a wide array of input , and feature interactive menu that allow you to enter distance between speaker to properly adjust the volume level between the speaker component . all buyer should be aware however that this system do not decode dts . you can only get dolby digital out of this machine . in my humble opinion though , it be virtually impossible to tell the two format apart unless you be use high-end equipment .  the only realy drawback i see be that the reciever only have one digital optical input . if you be like i and have a dvd player and digital cable , that create a dilemna . it do have two coaxial digital input , but i personally do not like coax input as well as digital optical .  the speaker be far better than those include with similar system by other manufacturer . the three array design of the center channel speaker be a nice touch and the front and surround channel be well compliment by the 100 watt subwoofer . when you turn it up , this system can really kick .  if you want solid quality at a low price , this system be for you . it provide plenty of power for the average user and will add a whole new world to you home theater experience .
144	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i attach this home theater system to my mac pro use a optical audio -lrb- toslink -rrb- cable . itunes never sound so dramatically pure . the clarity of sound be amazing and i be more than thrill at my computer gaming experience . the subwoofer fit comfortably under my desk and the two satellite speaker be perch at the extreme end of my desk . the onkyo have the option of attach a total of 5 satellite speaker to create a 5.1 sound system , but the lack of real estate on my desk would make that configuration cumbersome . the two main reason i choose onkyo be my current experience with a 7.1 home theater system which i absolutely love , and the ability to connect to this system use optical digital cabling . there be no electrical interference from nearby cell phone or other electromagnetic spectrum polluter , and the digital sound be deliver from the source untrammeled to the amplifier .
778	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the product be very good . please have in mind this be my first home theather , so i can not compare with other product . i use for watch netflix , youtube video , picasaweb photo . bluray and dvd , also , the sound quality be very good . you can download update , the last one i get some internet tv channel . moreover , it have a good price . i really recommend it .
819	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	it have very good sound for the number of speaker . the woofer work great . i live in a condo and this be the system i choose after read review on most brand . for a condo or a apartment it fill the bill . i give it 5 star for this reason , and the price .
508	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this product be very easy to set up . it sound great with video game , as well as movie . i have a average size living room , which be 12 \* 15 , but yet i have to buy addiontal speaker cable . also have to pay about $ 100 for mount bracket since they do not come with they . something to consider when try to be cost effective . it just may have make a difference in whether or not i would have still buy this item .
430	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	sound quality be what i need for my situation . however the base be to much for i and i can not find a way to turn it down , i have it all the way down in the setting and no change . speaker be good , easy to install would be perfect if i could turn the base down .
558	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i be happy with this purchase . what a difference from just my tv volume .
748	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i have buy and return 3 different sound bar and surround sound system the past 2 month , range from $ 120 - $ 300 . i want something to enhance the overall quality of my new 42 '' lg in my bedroom . the surround sound system be disappointing , probably because of my price range , but also because they clutter up the place . the sound bar do not enhance anything at all , let alone `` project '' surround sound quality . this sleek , separable sound system be the answer ; i be extremely satisfy . you can keep the speaker attach as a sound bar underneath you tv . i prefer they separate , it just feel better . the speaker can get very , very loud . i only use low to mid level . it be crystal clear , i can hear voice over sound effect , and really do not have to keep change the volume because the movie get too loud out of no where . the subwoofer be freakin amazing . first of all , its bass level can be turn up very high . but you do not need to . even at low level , you feel like you be in a movie theater . and the best part of all be that you do not need a dvd player to run you system through , you plug you tv into the subwoofer -lrb- which connect to the speaker -rrb- and that be it . you control the volume through the subwoofer . so for a bedroom or small\/medium size live room , this be all you need . unless you want complete surround sound , but to be honest this system be so nice you 'll be just as immerse in the experience . 5 out of 5 all the way
240	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	update : just pair up these speaker with the onkyo ht-rc370 w \/ 4 ohms setting and all i can say be wow ! now i can feel the true power of these speaker . simply amazing ! i be get this set for the satellite speaker . the sub that come with it be fine . the receiver do not have hdmi so i will definitely upgrade that . so far i have try dvd , bluray , music cd , ps3 game -lrb- btw , killzone3 surround be crazy ! -rrb- , and karaoke -lrb- i have my own personal minus studio ... hehe -rrb- . the sound be so clear ! i will purchase the 7.1 system to have extra speaker just in case . once these speaker run out , they be go forever . sl do not do home theater anymore . but i believe they still do concert hall . btw , thank you av-express for the fast shipping ! now i just want to re-watch all my favorite movie . i believe they be `` hidden gem '' speaker because you be get concert hall , studio , etc. , quality speaker for small phenomenal cost . at least for a entry level home theater system , not sure what can beat this for the price . if you know another set of home theater system that be price similar to this which you think be high quality , please comment . thanks in advance .
913	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i have have this system for about a week now and it sound pretty good . i be very impressed with the sound quality for a $ 300 system . i do have one complaint though . i can not figure out how to get it to play my tv in surround sound . it play the dvd 's in surround and its sound great , but when i put it on `` aux '' for tv , it only play out of the front 2 speaker .
436	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i have have this theater system for a year and have work perfectly . lg make top quality product . i have this paired with a lg hdtv . be easy to install and have well design remote .
5	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i purchase this system about 4 month ago and have be very pleased with it . once i manage to haul the contents out of the very heavy and unwieldy box , i put it together fairly quickly . i be impress with the multiple inputs\/outputs that accomodate my satellite receiver and dvd player . the speaker be solid , make of wood , look good , and sound great . the receiver be easy to operate though i have to leave very specific direction for house guest so they could figure it out . i can not operate the subwoofer very loud to due my apartment neighbor but it seem to put out quite enough bass at the lowest level . the only problem i have have be finally figure out how to connect everything use component video from dvd to tv -lrb- since there be no component connection on the receiver -rrb- , s-video from satellite to receiver and a\/v connection to my vcr . the onkyo website have good suggestion for configuration . the remote be a little disappointing -- i have to go buy a sony universal remote in order to operate all my component but it be well worth the small ... investment to be able to do this . music sound good and movie sound great and even tv come through well use the tv logic setting . this be the best system available in this price range .
207	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	good value to i the sound be great and have the speaker apart . bass be load enough for i and have it hook up to a cheap tv which really improve the sound . this system be very hard to find .
759	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	great sound with this product . obviously it be not fancy or expensive , but for the price and ease of setup , this be worth it .
686	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	when i first hook it up and test it , it sound a little weak , but i go through the menu and everything be turn down , like the volume for the speaker and subwoofer , once i put it up the sound be amazing , the bass come from the woofer seem like a 100 watt system rather than a 70 . i reccommend this for any room small or large , you will not be dissapointed especially at this price .
631	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be a good product for the price , however the first one that we receive do not work properly . the music\/sound effect come through really loud and the dialogue come through soft . it be impossible to get a balance that would allow we to watch a dvd . the sound and picture also do not match up while use the dvd player . we be able to return it , and the second one work much better . it be not a $ 500 system , but then again , we do not pay for a $ 500 system . it also look nicer than the picture show here .
377	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i buy this because i have review and find out it be good for i to buy , i do not any product without review
113	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i search , research and review every thing i could find about home theater system for about 3 week before choose the panasonic sc-ht400 . i select it for 3 reason ; value , performance and brand reputation . and my homework pay off . this system be easy to set up ; only take i 25 minute to set up the 400 and a panasonic progressive scan dvd \/ hi-fi vhs combo unit . it also have lot of little extra and a clear instruction manual . but more important than any of that ; it sound incredible ! deep clear bass from the subwoofer , crisp and clear sound from the satellite and excellent preset and adjustment option . i find the sound quality to be on par with pioneer 's receiver and jbl speaker . and this unit be just as amazing when play dvd 's as it be when listen to music . i whole heartedly recommend this system , especial in conjuction with the panasonic pv-d4743 . this be the best home theater system i find ...
411	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i have have my eye on this package for many month and when i see it drop below $ 200 recently , i decide it be time to give it a try . what a great package and value at this price . i be use it in a 12 ` x12 ' bedroom with a 32 '' hdtv and it be just great . the sub\/amp be small and easily hide and the front work well on either side of the tv . sound quality be good , but probably not as good as a bose cinemate system . it definitely get distorted at high volume and be best for home theater and medium-level music listening . at 1\/4 the bose cinemate g price though , you be get more than 3\/4 of the sound quality and feature . this can be turn into a full 5.1 system with the addition of a center channel speaker and two rear speaker . for small room though , that might be overkill . the 2.1 system work well especially for clearly produce dialog for movie . the hdmi-cec link feature be very nice and may allow you to use you tv remote alone . i do not have it setup perfectly yet , but be please with this feature and not have to deal with another remote . the quality be good and it be sharp look . have it do all you hdmi-switching with up to three input be another plus .
364	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i buy this sytem about 2 week ago . so far , everything be work just fine . the sound be decent and the design be good , the system be easy to setup -lrb- clap you hand in the setup program and it set the distance from each speaker -rrb- however , i do have some complaint . decent quality sound reproduction but sound a bit wash out in the mid range . the system take what seem to be forever to switch from one dvd\/cd to another with a lot of wind and click sound . it have a 5-disc changer . however , the 5 tray be flimsey and they open up by force open the front cover - it only open by way of the disc tray push it down and out of the way as the tray come out . for the price , i think it be a good deal . however , i probably would now see about the th-m606 instead - it be more expensive , but it be more powerful . i think jvc should see about inprove switching speed inside the unit as well as make the face cover open independantly of the disc push it open - i be just wait for one of the flemsey tray to break if the front cover ever stick close .
875	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	after a lot of research i choose this sound bar and be very glad i do . the sound be superb for we `` bedroom theater '' and it make a huge difference to we view experience . it be not in the same league as we living room 's sound system of course -lrb- nearly $ 2k -rrb- , but we do not expect that . one thing that be very important to we be the clarity of speak voice -lrb- i.e. center channel -rrb- . we boomer-generation ear be not what they use to be . this unit have the clearest voice channel we have ever hear on any system . this be a huge plus to we , and it enable we to keep the volume at comfortable level while still hear the voice clearly . the system have plenty of volume -- way more than we would ever need in we bedroom . the subwoofer be more than adequate , especially for a bedroom . most other sound bar system require you to put the receiver\/subwoofer on the floor , which can make it difficult to see the display and operate with a remote . i like have it where i can see it -lrb- the display be dimmable , by the way -rrb- . as other reviewer have note , it do not emulate true surround sound , but it be a nice compromise in my opinion . the look of the system be fantastic . the bar be very sleek , and the subwoofer\/receiver look very cool in we furniture . -lrb- we have a dresser that have two audio compartment along the top shelf , and a 50-inch plasma -rrb- . before buy it , i have to convince my wife that it would make a real difference to we view experience , and she kind of roll she eye . finally she agree to let i buy it as a early birthday present for myself . well , guess what ! she like it even more than i do . she feel that it totally change we bedroom , not only for tv viewing but also music -lrb- cable digital music channel -rrb- . the great music sound actually lead to we watch somewhat less tv and listen to more music . not a bad thing ! if you be look for a high-end system for you living room , this one will not blow you away , and you probably should not be consider a sound bar anyway . but for a bedroom or secondary tv watch area or a modest living room set up , it be a great way to go .
206	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	set up could not be easier ... right out-of-the-box . assembly be simple and connection be clearly describe . if you have the panasonic hd tv with arc and blu-ray , no problem . you will need to have 3 hdmus cable : -lrb- 2 -rrb- output - from you cable box or satellite box and disc player to the subwoofer and one for the output from the subwoofer to the arc connection on you tv . no arc ? check out the other review . the sound be a amazing improvement from the tv speaker . watch avatar on blu-ray and the sound and picture just blow i away . if you have a small to medium size room , this system be for you . no hesitation on the 5 star .
836	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my system be manufacture in november of 2010 and i do not notice any sound issue or any other issue as of yet ! no whistling or hissing here !! a must buy !
561	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	provide cable could be longer , end up reuse some of the cable of my old system and tie they to the new cable because of the proprietary end .
263	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy this as a bedroom surround for my daughter in college . it be a cheap unit but she say the sound be pretty good for not be a high end unit .
394	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i recently purchase at circuit city , $ 50 less than amazon.com . i think they be partner ? the dvd player do not work but return be no problem . the sound be very clear and the bass be strong . i have to keep the bass turn down due to apartment living . hookup be kind of a pain . once i discard the direction and use logic it work .  remote for the dvd be a bit poor as one button act as leave , right , up , down and enter . it be easy to hit enter unintentionally .  i do not think the product description make it clear but this be also a am\/fm tuner .  overall , i be very satisfied and would buy it again .
408	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	love this thing sound quality be clear the base be strong i think it be go to be weak but i be wrong .
689	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	hello there , i just buy the product , get it 24 hr ago and already love it , this be my first home theater system , and i watch `` the secretariat '' on netflix , and the horse race be awesome . i can get some surround sound , i be not a sound perfectionist but for 250 $ , that more than money spend . i get a nice deal . i recommend with 5 star everybody thanks pradeepbill
66	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i only get this equipment for audio , but the receiver be terrific , and the surround sound work just fine in audio mode without a tv .
564	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	they be pretty good at do what they be suppose to do . relatively easy to mount up and strong enough for pretty heavy speaker -lrb- 2.86 lb -rrb- . of course it be a little pricey but what choice do you have ? these be the cheapest one that get the job do nicely . the only weakness i notice be with the keyhole mount option . it have a little give but then again there be only one screw hold the speaker to the mount . do not be afraid to tighten all those screw down really hard to get they to stay where you want they , the mount can handle it . also , i 'll share what help i to mount they in the exact position i want they in . just a simple guide in case you be have trouble on how to go about it . 1 . i separate the piece -lrb- except for the elbow joint -rrb- . 2 . i mount the end piece to the speaker tightly so there be no give . 3 . i tape up all the wall mount to test out the optimal spot for the speaker then attach they with the supply hardware . 4 . i take one speaker at a time and put the slightly tighten elbow to it and wiggle they around on the wall attachment till i have they in a good position . 5 . i then gently slip off the speaker and tighten the elbow in the right position on the wall -lrb- both the actual elbow and where the elbow connect to the wall mount -rrb- . 6 . ran the wiring to the mount -lrb- good luck , it suck get the wire around live room nicely -rrb- 7 . attach the speaker wire to the speaker and tighten the speaker mount to the elbow . 8 . voila !!! what a pain , especially on a 7.1 system , but so worth it in the end . wow , i feel like a real handy man now -lrb- or handy person , no offense lady -rrb- .
301	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i be cautious in purchase these speaker . i read how the led in the front stop work . other do not say but the led show the volume level as well as what setting you have so they be rather important . i have have the speaker for a couple week and the led still work . the sound be excellent . i be very pleased with this purchase so far .
308	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	ok . i know that i can not blame yamaha for the rest of the market be so expensive . i feel that this unit should be around $ 200 . but , have hear the review on the other $ 150 -- 200 soundbar , i decide instead to spend $ 300 for something that i would not be disappoint in , and i definitely be not disappoint . pro : 1 . low profile , fit easily under most tv 's without look like a afterthought 2 . hard-wired subwoofer fit on you rack -lrb- mean you do not have to deal with a wireless subwoofer randomly not work , plus look nice on the shelf instead of under a lamp -rrb- 3 . ease of setup -lrb- speaker wire , a beer , optical cable , turn on , adjust the center channel up for speech , turn on a movie in extended sound & enjoy -rrb- 4 . univolume keep all tv commercial & channel at the same volume ! 5 . much improve sound for both movie & music , without the hassle of wire string around the room con : 1 . for $ 300 , they really should throw in the optical cable -lrb- buy it online thru amazon as well , they be ~ $ 15 at a box store if you do not -rrb- 2 . its $ 300 -lrb- but i be not go to spend $ 200 on something that be not go to sound much better than my tv or have other problem , so you get what you pay for here -rrb- . 04\/01\/2012 . bought 4-5 week ago . at first i keep turn off the yamaha and listen instead through my tv speaker , not `` amaze '' at the difference , but after watch some movie , sport event and music in they respective sound mode , i would not want to go back to the dull & tinny tv speaker ! this be a huge improvement over my samsung 's tv speaker . i have google tv thru my logitech revue , and now streaming pandora or google play with the soundbar in `` music '' mode sound immensely better . i can crank up the volume , and its a good quality sound throughout the house , just fine for cleaning day or have some people over . bass be nice , sound do not get easily distorted -lrb- do not listen to music in `` extended '' stereo though -rrb- . i be not a professional audiophile , however i have listen to music on $ 10 and $ 200 headphone , and know what the difference in sound be . i have upgrade the speaker in my vehicle , and have studio speaker in my main audio setup . be this a $ 2,000 speaker setup that will shake & rattle ? no. . but for the small living room that i have , it sound perfect . if you live in a apartment , condo or have a smaller living room , you do not need more than this . will not piss off you neighbor , but make movie , sport & music wholesome without any tech headache . i do not want to mess with a `` wireless '' subwoofer like other model have -lrb- just something else to break or randomly not work -rrb- , and have the woofer build into the `` rack '' receiver work great for my layout . watch a movie be lackluster before , but now with the `` extended '' movie mode , while its not true surround sound , add that audio depth to movie that be so important . it definitely fill up the room with richer sound , bigger boom & bang , and yet still audible speech -lrb- i take the advice of some other reviewer , be sure to turn the center channel up , the default setup be not quite right -rrb- . also , the fact that it have hdmi input , mean that it will be able to handle my next tv as well -lrb- see review on some of the other sound bar that do not have hdmus input -rrb- . also , some of the other soundbar do not handle the hd sound with some configuration , and i do not want to mess with that either -lrb- read the comment on some of the other brand -rrb- . for $ 300 , you get something that will not have trouble with hd sound , & have hdmus input for future tv 's , and you could move into you bedroom -lrb- or give to family -rrb- if you ever upgrade in the future . wish it be not $ 300 , but very happy with the purchase . -lrb- ps , if you like the review , click `` yes '' that the review be helpful -rrb-
3	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	my parent recently buy this for i and it rock !!! it only take my dad a hour or so to set it all up and hook my exist tv , vcr , and satellite receiver to the system . the remote control be easy to use , the sound be awesome and the speaker be great ! i especially like the speaker stand , cuz i didnt have to spend additional money on stand , plus the basis be heavy so the speaker will not fall over and they look really cool . the dvd player play all my dvd , cd and cd-r too . i be very satisfied with this product .
866	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	a very good player at a very reasonable price .
715	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i have own this system for a year and i have have no problem with it . i not a audiophile at all but to i it sound phenomenal . its probably a lot more powerful than i need since i live in a small apartment but its better than not have enough power . dvd work and look great . also my wife really like the appearance . my one criticism which be really too small to affect my 5 star rating be the way the disc load mechanism work . it take a while to eject and load each of the 5 disc . i have not time it but it seem to take longer than what you be use to -lrb- 6 or 7 seconds maybe -rrb- . although it be a small thing , when you be try to quickly find a disc in one of the 5 tray its a little annoying .
243	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	there be plenty of good review here , so i would only add that this onkyo be more than powerful for big room . i have it on a 17x34 foot -lrb- 5x10 meter -rrb- room , and it sound perfectly , so , unless you be some kind of king , it should be enough .
974	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	watch tv have never be the same after purchase this . we family just love the surround sound . you really feel like you out at the movie theater . highly recommend .
960	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	package arrive in bad shape . be worried . however content be all fine . setup relatively easy except rear speaker too a couple of attempt to get they work . otherwise rather impressed
133	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	pretty cool system . remote functionality could be tweak abit with samsung tv remote , and cable tv . when you place a dvd or cd , and open system it always switch to dvd or cd mode . this be a pain when you watch a play-off game . over all i be pretty satisfy .
597	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be one of the best electronic purchase i have make since my smart tv !! this be a great system . for a little over $ 300 , it really sound amazing . i be very happy with it . i also purchase the speaker stand which make the product really stand out and look classy . i love it !! highly recommend it !!!
563	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	well , i end up buy mine on closeout from radio shack for $ 149 . . i love mine ... the sound really be great , and the price be awesome ! i use mine for dvd 's , my tv 's regular sound for all tv i watch , and also as a tuner to listen to the radio \/ cd 's in surround sound . some buyer talk about a whine from the speaker ... i do not know if this help or not , but i will share - i have extra wire bundle up from the speaker and i do not put all that wire anywhere near the speaker or the head unit . i think that bundle of wire near a speaker might cause interference , so if you have that whine , make sure the extra wire be not near the equipment . mine do not make any noise on standby , or skip at all either . i be very happy with mine .
195	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i have this system for just about 2 month and i think it be great ! i have no complaint about this system . the overall quality be great whether you be watch a dvd , play a dvd-audio , listen to a cd or even just listen to the stereo . if you be look for a system that be compact , stylish , sound great and do not cost a arm and a leg , get this one !
97	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i have onyx and buy high end speaker -- but the sound for tv be never `` right '' . now it be !! it also do good thing to video quality -lrb- upgrade 480\/720 to 1080 -rrb- . the controller control all you video \/ audio input . it do not let you shut off you tv and just listen to another audio source just as background music ... this be a design flaw if you ask i . i would like to set up pandora on my blu ray and just listen , but hate to waste the ` tron to have the tv on when no one be watch . this be just stupid for the system engineer ... ok ok , i admit that i be probably picky ... but i be a nuclear engineer and i know that it be just simply stupid not to anticipate this need by consumer . it do not let you use two remote control ... i know ; why would i want to do that ? well , those of we who be marry and want to have it loud or soft depend on whether or not we be on the phone with daddy ... let 's just say that bose engineer be pretty stupid not to add a `` key code '' to each remote\/console so that you can have multiple remote and still not control the neighbor ' tv -lrb- assume he be smart enough to buy a bose system -rrb- -- btw , that be the lame excuse give to i by the customer service rep when i call to see why i could not set up two remote for the system -lrb- i buy a second one so my wife and i could stop fight over the remote -rrb- . now i have a second remote that make a great paper weight but be just that useful ... to say i be irritated be to understate my attitude . these be stupid issue and the bose engineer should be shamefaced for overlook these consumer expectation . also , some people will fault it for not have a ipod dock or bluetooth ; but i do not need that , do you ? bottom line -- good sound , easy to use and set up -- some stupid engineering flaw that may make you unhappy .
651	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	receive a 2 part order in 5 day , nice service . system be easy to install & plenty of speaker wire be supply . put in a surround sound movie & be blow away with fantastic movie theater sound . excellent product .
549	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	totally happy with this purchase . the bar be super slim and the sound be great . love the fact that you can connect three hdmi device to the system . easy remote . the wife be happy , the kid be happy , i be happy .
339	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i do a lot of research and would not consider myself a very technical listener . have say that i do like my music and movie loud and clear . i also need a low profile option as hang speaker be not a option . this soundbar be the best of the bunch . i do agree that if you be look for true surround sound go with the true surround sound 5.1 s. this be not for you . but if you be look for fill a average size room with quality sound , i would recommend this product . i also like the docking station feature . it be too bad it be not include . also , if you be handy and need to mount it under a shelf -lrb- below the tv -rrb- like i do , buy some `` l '' bracket from the hardware store and modify they as need . save the $ 60.00 that i see advertise .
135	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i live in a loft so i can not be run wire all over the place . this deliver great sound , the subwoofer give fine in depth detail without overpower the other speaker . there be many option available to tweak the sound as well as add other speaker if you want to make it a 5.1 system .
825	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	anyone on a budget look for a home theater system , need to look no more . but only if all you component have a hdmus output . it take i about a hour to set it up , connect all component and adjust the sound to my preference . it be not very dificult to set up , either . as far as tech-savvy go , i be good , but no expert . so this system be a plus for those in doubt . and the instruction manual be pretty helpful too . any movie with a lot of action , be enjoyable with the system . specially , a movie like ` inception ' . that sub be do it be work very well when the action be heavy . you 'll have to raise the volume on the center speaker though , 'cause when there be a lot of action , the dialogue be a bit hard to hear . either that , or adjust the other speaker 's accordingly . include the sub . it be biggest drawback be the lack of a fourth hdmus input and a headphone jack . i have four component . ps3 , xbox 360 , blu-ray player , and a cable box . the cable box be the least important one here so i have the other three plug in directly to the receiver . instead , i have my cable box plug into the tv , and a toslink cable run from the tv to the receiver . no biggie , but it be a extra step when i have to change the input on my tv and the input on the receiver . the headphone jack be a problem only if you tv do not have a headphone jack either ... which , mine do not . and yes , eventhough it be a home theater , there will be time when you 'll want to play game , watch a movie or tv in silence . at the moment , i have not find a way to get around that problem , so i find myself play game and movie in low volume . i personally find it annoying since i keep turn the volume up or down at certain point for whatever it be that i be do . anyways . you can not go wrong with this system . minor gripe , but nothing to turn away from it . obviously it will not compare to a $ 500 receiver and a $ 400 speaker set -lrb- which i help someone set up -rrb- , but if you be on a budget and\/or do not have the space , this be the one you want to buy . i really love mine .
321	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy this product last month and it have be work out really great . all cool feature and easy set up . only thing be wireless internet do not go well with g router so i end up have wire connection and it be work flawlessly since then . netflix , youtube , pandora etc. . . work wonderfully . about wireless speaker they be still wire but not connect directly to the main speaker . so you do not need to run the wire through the room but still rear speaker need to be connect to the device which will communicate to the blu ray player . so far,s-air be work out good . i be yet to test 3d . will update comment once i get it test . overall , great product , great feature and great price .
575	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i buy this from crutchfield in december of 2003 for $ 450 and to this day the machine itself have never malfunction on i -lrb- see below about the speaker -rrb- . since i buy this system i have move six time - 4 of which be short distance by truck , but 2 of they be via trans-pacific shipping -lrb- to china and back -rrb- . while in china i have to use a transformer due to different voltage . so this machine have really hold up ! except for the speaker . one of they start to have a bit of rattle about 4 year ago . i purchase a additional pair from ebay , so i replace the bad one , leave myself with a spare . a few month ago , another go bad . the spare replace it . but now yet another go bad . -lrb- i be begin to wonder should i just buy speaker from a different brand , or should i buy a new system ? i be inclined to the former , but i wonder if the output from this system be `` flat '' or pre-equalized like some bose system be ? -rrb- like the other recent reviewer , i use the optical input of the system a lot . i have it hook up to my plasma tv , which output digital audio via the optical toslink . it be really nice that the dav-fc7 automatically recognize the source as mono , stereo , or dolby surround depend on the program on tv ! all in all i have be really satisfied . if only the speaker be more robust ! -lrb- i also rate the sound quality as 4 star , but not because of the rattle problem . when the speaker function normally , the sound be very good . but i have a brother who be a audiophile so i know what really expensive speaker sound like and i must say this be just a tad below perfect sound . but for the price i can not complain . -rrb-
752	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a amazing system for the price it be sell . i buy one for my small tv lounge and get surprise to its deep bass and its powerful satellite box . it be fully feature satisfy to all you need for a simple ht . there be 2 optical input , one for the dvd and the other one for either a cd changer or a md. . simply amazing .
817	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i take a little risk with this purchase because i be aware of the problem report with the led light . i hope that this be a relatively old problem that have be address by now . so far the vizio soundbar have perform flawlessly . the sound be excellent and the system be small , easy to set up and unobtrusive . i be confuse for a moment because of a error in the quick start guide . step 5 say to connect the subwoofer use the ac adapter , but in the system i receive the adapter be for the soundbar .
798	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this thing be rockin ' big time ! i love how you can use the receiver to manipulate the sound to sound like you be really in a movie theater ! i have my xbox run through this system and , man , i can not tell you what a difference the sound be in game ! it be so neat to be able to hear where the enemy be comee from . anyway , i recommend the system to anyone and everyone !
395	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	aside from see many of they at the 2011 ces show in january , i recently spend several week research every detail of the 2011 home theatre systems because i want the best one to mate with my new samsung un55d7000 3d hdtv . shortly i will be post my complete review of this product on epinion but until then , i 'll simply say that i make the right choice and amazon have the best price anywhere !
753	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i buy this system july 2006 and be very pleased with it . i do a lot of research and listen to several similar system from other company before purchase the hk cp15 and have to say that it blow other away . the sound quality , richness , ability to hit high and low even at loud voulume without distortion be excellent . this system would be great for small to medium size room . the subwoffer even though be rate 100watts , produce booming bass which fill the room and while watch movie , shake the room . i love bass but still i keep the bass knob on the subwoffer at about 45 % , its just that powerful ! the speaker be smaller than the hk hkts8 and the `` 8 '' have a 200watt subwoffer and do not come with a dvd player . my friend have the hkts8 in he house , and listen to the two , there be not a huge difference . if this system be in you price range , it be a must buy . as for set-up i do not find it too complicated , it be time comusing though , but the wait be definately worth it !
950	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	what can i say its awesome . i have a older panny commercial plasma which have no speaker . last week i fried my samsung ht system -lrb- do not ask -rrb- which be the only audio out in my set up . do a quick web search for budget mind audio solution and be lean in sound bar direction , and than i stumble on this gem . feature set this thing provide will cover all my need for foreseeable future . tone of input and video output , arc , and expendability to 3.1 or 5.1 be great . set up be quick and easy , it be up and run in 10min + another 10 for sound set up . the sound : now this be where i be go to rate it 4 star or even 3 star -lrb- i have to say i be a bit disappointed at first -rrb- in 2.1 set-up its sound ok , not great , but ok ... i fine tune it , but i be not get exactly what i want . also in 2.1 you do not get most of the system audio processing feature . the biggest issue be dialog be wash out by fx sound . watch movie in the evening with kid asleep i constantly have to adjust the sound ... not good . i do my research and pick up yamaha ns-c210bl center channel speaker -lrb- take a while to find 6ohm speaker , onkyo be rate at 6ohm do not forget that , 4ohm can possibly fry it , 8ohm will cut power output in half which be already on the low side at 25w per channel -rrb- ohhh what a difference center channel make . it sound perfect , dialog be full and easy to follow even in action heavy scene . with center channel attach i now get most of the audio processing feature . vol set 55-60 it feel my large living room with double height seal with out any issue . if you have this run in 2.1 drop everything and go by center channel , you 'll be blow away . with addition of center channel + good feature set i rate it at 5 star update : pick up new panasonic 55st50 and connected onkyo to it via hdmi cable to pannys hdmi -lrb- arc -rrb- port . thanks to panasonics viera link and onkyo 's rihd the 2 work together like a charm . when i power up my tv it automatically turn on onkyo and send audio to it . major waf cudos . wife and parent have issue use harmony one , now they can pick up fio remote turn on tv and the rest be take care of ... with harmony more than often they would press power and drop remote on the couch b4 it have a chance to fire of all command result in all sort of problem : wrong input\/not power up device\/etc ...
256	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	ok its not as good as the bose system , but for the fraction of the price it be good . i really can not tell the difference between mine system and my brother bose which cost 1500 dollar more without a dvd player . if you have super sensitive ear and you loaded get the `` bose system '' if you look for a dvd\/audio theater system that sound great , play cd , dvd and really look good too , get the panasonic
516	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just purchase one this weekend . the system overall be really nice . it be easy to setup and the sound be really good . the only problem i have be that it be not as loud as i would have like . i put it in a very large room and the sound get lose with all the space . if you have a large room i would recommend at least a 1000watt system . but even in the large room it sound pretty good . i be not disappoint in my purchase .
322	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i cant complain . i be sort of worried that there wouldnt be enough intput -lrb- because i find it hard to find schematic and picture of the back of this unit -rrb- , but there be two set of input and one set of output . so ive get my playstation 2 and tv . all the sound from my tv get redirect through the speaker .  the sound quality be very good , ive listen to some of my cd 's on it , test it with classical to heavy metal . all of which sound marvelous . ive even have complaint from next door that they can hear it too well . you cant beat this unit for it be price ! its get a dvd player and a mp3 player build in !
869	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this system offer simplicity and powerful surround system . i notice if you setup the speaker in equatrial triangle from you listen position , you may enjoy the benefit of 5.1 virtual surround . the drawback be limited spot compare to regular 5.1 system . best when you play with dvd since it have multi-channel sound . i should lower the subwoofer level below normal for dvd movie . cd only produce stereo sound and the subwoofer level need to be adjust to higher level .
252	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i be very impressed with the quality of the sound , and the speaker come with plenty of wire and be very easy to put together . they be also tiny ; you do not even notice where they be unless you be listen for they . the glow-in-the-dark remote be a good idea , although there be so many tiny button on it i have to put mark next to the one i use most often with a paint pen .  i be use a switch-box with mine to hook up sound from two computer , a local antenna through a vcr and a satellite receiver through a vcr . all of they sound great , even route through the box . i have the satellite hook up directly to the receiver and there be no difference in sound quality between the direct line and the one through the vcr and switch-box . even the headphone option -lrb- standard 1\/8 stereo jack like on you portable device -rrb- sound great . the `` sound field '' option allow you to change the sound base on what type of movie , music or game you be listen to .  i can make my own music sound live , and i make mine on a computer !  also , you have composite , component and s-video option to fit whatever type of tv and vcr you have . you can mix and match if you need to . it come with am and fm antenna , but i do not listen to radio , so i have not try they .  the dvd\/cd player be incorporate into the a\/v receiver , which save on space . i already have a dvd player , and could have spend ... less to get a similar sony system with just a receiver , but this offer currently come with the promise of 5 free dvd 's ... however ...  you do not find out until you get you confirmation email that the dvd 's be they choice , not yours . i believe they be :  crouching tiger , hidden dragon random hearts the 6th day fool rush in , and vertical limit  you do not even get to choose five out of a list of ten , or anything . that be it , take it or leave it . i be only interested in one of those movie , and i already own it . now if i redeem the rebate i 'll have to find someone who be interested in each of they to buy they , or sell they to we local `` use '' store -lrb- which be actually a half-hour drive for i -rrb- . in either case , i 'll be lucky to get -lrb- money -rrb- . if i have know there be no choice in the dvd 's , i probably would have go with the other system .  the system itself deserve 5 star , but i have to subtract one for the misleading ad . that be just wrong .
899	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i have use it for a week work fine good sound -lrb- for the money -rrb- great look exeed my expectation . te volume be not really loud but for a medium room will work grat . if you be lloke for a budget all in one not need real power speaker this be it .
287	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be a great system . sound from the speaker be incredible . have a yamaha system before i pick this one up and it totally blow the yamaha away . recently watch swordfish and some scene actually make my wall shake and the volume be not even at half . setup be simple ... do yourself a favor and get this system , you will not be sorry .
396	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	a lot of punch in a small package . great sound , pretty easy setup , although i do not like the speaker connection too much .
459	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i purchase the martinlogan mlt-2 system at a amazon cyber deal 6 month ago for 399.99 . the speaker be connect to a onkyo ht-rc260 receiver , so the home theater setup cost i $ 720 . overall , i be very pleased with the sound quality of the speaker . i be ecstatic about the price . for bookshelf speaker , the sound be bright and crisp , with house rattle bass -lrb- if you want it -rrb- . however , the journey to this level of satisfaction be not without its turn and twist . when i receive the speaker , they be well packed and undamaged and easy to hookup , use 14ga speaker wire . they be be use in a large room -lrb- 20x45 -rrb- and they provide clean , room fill sound . there be a problem with the subwoofer . when in auto-mode , the subwoofer would automatically detect if a signal be be send and turn on\/off automatically . -lrb- someone with a integrated system would not need the sensor since the whole system would power on and off together . -rrb- the mlt-2 auto-function would cycle on\/off continuously , sometimes two or three time every half hour . when the subwoofer power off , it would make a big boom . i complain to customer service and they send out a second subwoofer immediately . i test they side by side and the subwoofer cycle on\/off in a similar manner , each time with a annoying boom . i continue my complaint and they send out a third unit ! now i have three subwoofer and i test they use different cable and different output on the receiver -lrb- the onkyo have three dedicated subwoofer output -rrb- . all three unit behave almost identically , switching on and off within minute - sometimes seconds of each other . even after use the onkyo speaker balancing program , the on\/off cycling continue - although to a much lesser extent . i finally increase the subwoofer gain manually to the maximum +10 db and the cyclig pretty much disappear . so i pack up the two replacement and send they back to martinlogan . another reviewer in this section complain about receive defective speaker - the two replacement subwoofer that have be send to i be both damage , presumably by ups . the first one have two corner crushed and one of the metal fin on the back heat appliance bent . the other have slight cabinet damage along a edge and corner . i be lucky with the original shipment , because everything be undamaged . i be able to mitigate the problem with the auto-function , by tweaking the amplifier . it be not perfect . sometimes the subwoofer cycle on\/off during a movie , which be annoying , but now it tend to be rare . if it be to become a problem , i would not use the auto function and remember to power the subwoofer on\/off manually . i might blame martinlogan for this , but after read about the auto function , it seem that many manufacturer have this problem . for the price and sound quality , as well as the responsiveness of customer service though , i rate the martinlogan mlt-2 5 star .
937	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i have only have it for about a month and so far its be great i have hear all brand of shelf system and this one be the best yet you can crank it all the way up with no distortion the only drawback be if something happen to the remote you in trouble because you cant control nothin without it the cd dvd changer drawer do look flimsey but so far no problem in short if you want a nice system for the bedroom or office this be the one .
290	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the 5 dvd changer be great . the sound quality be above what you would expect from a system of this cost level . a little light on the high end i feel but really depend a lot on you sound source as well . some say they think the bass be weak but i find if i put the sub-woofer box on it be back point up to the ceiling i get great bass . more than i want . speaker placement be everything . try several different placement and hear the difference . all in all i be very happy except i wish the high be a little more tinkly .
473	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i purchase the upgrade model that include a philip dvd -lrb- separate unit -rrb- , all other equipment be the same . the power and quality be spectacular . the number of input allow i to connect all my equipment to and be control by this one receiver . it have all the type of input i need , such as fiber optical and multiple s-video connection .
885	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	sound great ! there be many setting to pick from so learn how to use each of they can be somewhat confusing . can not beat this sound or this price ! money well spend .
91	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i purchase this unit to replace my aging klipsch 2.1 system which actually have better bass , but be become balky and malfunction often . the onkyo be simple to set up and run . it have a nice on screen menu that super over programing without have to interrupt anything . the sound be very good and crisp . it have amazing surround dimensionality for a 2.1 system . i like the fact that there be a minimum number of wire and that the remote easily switch between source . the one drawback be that the system must have the tv power on to function properly , there be time when i just want to listen to music from a internet source , but it do not work unless the tv be on .
639	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i pick up the samsung ht-p38 system from circuit city and do not regret purchase it . after day of research for different high-end home theater system , most of which be in the category of more bang for you buck . i find this 800w 5.1 ch . ht which i think would be the perfect set up for my bedroom . first off , i be alittle frustrate by install the speaker . it get so out of place so time because the line be so long and there 6 of they all of which be stick within the back of my tv shelf so you can imagine it be a complete mess in there . i think the audio quality be fantastic and the amount of power it have for the low cost . it be a nice , clean sound system . the center be strong , the subwoofer be average but that okay if this be in you bedroom or a small living room , the front speaker be mighty powerful and the backend speaker provide fantastic sound effect -lrb- lotr for example be heavinly when play on this ht -rrb- . all in all , excellent sound quality , no complaint here . i be not expect much out of the quality but i do pick myself up some high quality component cable -lrb- the best for any ht -rrb- at the price of $ 40 at circuit city and i watch on a 27 ' samsung widescreen hdtv . the dvd player be indeed progressive scan , i would not say the quality be terrific but all the color be in place and be very satisfied . i have yet to watch more then a few movie but so far so good , a solid 5-disc dvd player . the style be one of the high point of this ht . the main system itself be verystylish when turn on . it be have a nice blue light out of the button shaft and just look great , even better when i have guest over . the subwoofer have a sexy but original look to it , it look absolutely picture perfect with my samsung widescreen hdtv . the speaker look very simple but they be more then meet the eye . they have a hole in the back specifically make so you can nail it on to a wall so you do not need to waste $ 15 + dollar on a speaker mount . all in all , for the power , the clear and rich sound , the crisp image , and stylish look there be not much to complain about other then set it up . so if you in the market for a good all around system at the right price , the samsung ht-p38 be you best buy .
351	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	there be only one thing with this surround sound that i can not figure out ! i can not seem to change the sound in my rear speaker . oh the system be a 10-10 but i just can not figure it out ! i find out how to change the sound but for some reason it only change the volume and not adjust the sound from each speaker ! hope that make sense ! overall great buy !
691	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this be the best home theatere system i ever have . better than & quot ; bose 3-2-1 & quot ; by far !!! better tan you think ... you can turn it up all the way and the speaker will not blow out !! oh yeah ... this home theatere system be worth . . 5000 !!! crisp and clear sound ... pro logic ii ... dts ... cinima fx technology -lrb- tm -rrb- ... . . and much more !!! this be more than a five star home theatere system ... ...
533	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	with sound performance this good , why would anyone buy a traditional rack system -lrb- separate component -rrb- ? this one piece do it all , play my dvd , cd , and have a tuner for radio . it take i 15 minute to set it up and get it work , and the sound be really true . who have a entire weekend to spend figure out a new system ? i have a friend who buy a cheapie home theater in a box , and he be really jealous now . mine sound 10x better than he , and have serious power . he be more like a big boom box . i have this one in my living room , and i really do not miss my old bigger , 10 piece system , and neither do my girlfriend . i be think about get another one for my bedroom , and one for my father who be just ready to get a dvd player , and be think of upgrade he old receiver . i think he 'll really like this one , and it be a dream to set up . only drawback be that it be a one disk loader , so can not shuffle . but i guess you can not have it all at this price ? : -rrb-
980	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	we be extremely satisfy with the product . the description of the 1000 home theater system seem just what we want , and it have far exceed we expectation . it be deliver in less time than we expect , and everything be perfect , right out of the box . highly recommend !
338	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	if you want to jump into home theater in one simple purchase , this be the system for you . the separate component work beautifully together and also allow for future upgrade should you ever choose . but it be unlikely that you 'll outgrow this package anytime soon . it pack a whooping 600watt ... 5x100w for the satellite speaker and a 100w power subwoofer that be absolutely potent ! it fill a large room very well -lrb- 16 ` x16 ' -rrb- , with power to spare . -lrb- it be all about the speaker placement . -rrb- it play well loudly , but moderate level sound the best . the dvd\/cd player hold five disk and offer component hook up . -lrb- if available on you television . -rrb- the box only include the composite video cable however . buy a component cable will set you back another 50 dollar , but worth the price . the dvd player produce crisp picture and include plenty of bell and whistle . the receiver have twelve preset surround sound mode include dts\/dolby digital\/pro logic\/logic 7\/etc . plays cd\/cd-rw\/vcd \/ dvd , but not cd-r\/mp3 . delay capability and adjustable output level allow you to adjust for vary speaker placement within the room . speak of speaker , these little satellite be virtually invisible ... only 4.5 inch in height . but pair with the subwoofer , they produce excellent sound . the drawback ? the remote can be confusing and uncomfortable for big hand to handle and the separate component be huge . -lrb- roughly 17wx17dx12h when stack . -rrb- word of advice ... check out jbl 's website for a list of they licensed internet dealer and check out they price first . a product warranty will not be honor if you purchase any jbl product from a unlicensed distributor .
341	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	despues de buscar un buen sistema de teatro en casa , que no i costara una fortuna y trajera todo lo necesario , este sistema de rca fue el mas indicado en el papel y despues de tenerlo por 6 mese puedo decir que es mas que indicado ya funcionando , tanto para peliculas como para musica . al principio tuve un poco de temor por la marca -lrb- rca , no e fuerte en hi-fi , no ? -rrb- , pero la calidad es muy buena , no ha fallado nus un momento desde que lo instale y ademas trae todo lo necesario para conectar los equipos . el receptor tiene mas que suficiente potencia y tienen un nivel de distorsion muy bajo por lo que es muy bueno para musica . el decodificador dts e muy bueno , definitivamente suena mejor que el dolby 5.1 y este receptor lo maneja muy bien -lrb- si que se sentira en el cine -rrb- . otro punto importante es la cantidad de entradas que tiene , digitale opticas y coaxiale , rca de audio y video y de s-v ideo , y que la asignacion de cada una a lo equipos que le conecta es muy facil . como otro han mencionado , el subwoofer podria ser mejor , se siente un poco corto de aire a altos niveles de volumen , pero este se puede cambiar por otro pasivo -lrb- el receptor tiene el amplificador de 200 watt , por lo que un subwoofer mejor lo aprovecharia -rrb- o ponerle otro amplificado , pue tiene una salida extra . los parlante frontale no son del todo buenos tampoco , pue siento que colorean mucho las frecuencias altas . por ello los cambie por mis panasonic que tenia de mi equipo anterior y el equipo suena mejor -lrb- estos parlantes son mas grande -rrb- . debo dejar claro , sin embargo , que el equipo suena muy bien con lo parlante originale . la unica queja real que tengo con este sistema es por el control remoto , no tiene codigos para dvd 's y no maneja bien lo aparato a lo que si se les asigna codigo . practicamente lo uso solo para el receptor . definitivamente recomiendo el sistema para quien quiera gozar de la musica o de lo soundtrack de pelicula .
612	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	if you be look for a entry level speaker\/home theater setup , buy these . you will not be disappoint . clean crisp sound at a great price .
55	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	how do i get the surround sound to work with cable tv and not just the dvd . also thanks for the ipod hook up . jack
420	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i can not say enough about this speaker system . i be afraid that buy a satellite system because i though they would sound cheap , but boy be i wrong . the sound that come out of these speaker be amazing and they sound just as good at low volume and they do at high volume . i be not a expert , but i know what sound good and i know what i like and these be perfect for i and they fit my budget nicely . they be without a doubt the best set of speaker i have ever have . i have they hook up to a pioneer vsx-30 elite amplifier with output detail 80 watt - 8 ohm - 20 - 20000 hz - thd 0.08 % - 7 channel -lrb- s -rrb- -lrb- surround -rrb- and it be a perfect match with he receiver . i also have a set of klipsch sf-3 floor standing speaker hook up with em and all i can say be i be hear my music for the first time at this level of quality and can not believe the difference . i have have no problem with the sub and it turn off and on just fin without make any noise as i have read it previous comment .
982	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i happy to have it ! it be work and look like new . very good item especially for such price .
311	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	first of all , i love this product and can highly recommend it . now , drill down to detail : we want to put we flatscreen on the opposite side of the living room but there be no cable outlet , so we have att come out to install a additional outlet . well , they say it be not possible because that be a support wall and there be no way to drop the cable down through it ... however , att now have a wireless u-verse cable decoder box that can go anywhere in you house . that be very cool right ? the problem be that with my normal -lrb- sony -rrb- television audio speaker that new wireless box cause a delay of a few micro-seconds between what the person on the screen be say vs. the sound come out of the tv 's speaker . i research all manner of way to solve this problem and i find out that the yamaha yht-s400 have a `` lip sync technology '' that automatically catch and correct this problem . i be a little skeptical that it would actually work until i plug it in and presto - problem solve . aside from that , the sound quality be excellent and get plenty loud for a good size living room - even when you have the rumble of 25 people over for the big game - all talk and laugh . sure , you can find cheaper sound bar but you get what you pay for and this be a great one for a fairly reasonable price in my opinion .
201	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be nice product huh : -rrb-
573	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	flat out the best system at this price . the sound quality be just what you would expect from jbl . have the 5 disc changer make it perfect for party ... . set the cd 's in the player and just let it do it be thing . the compact speaker will surprise most people when they first see the small size , but the sound that come out of they will blow they away . more option than i can even go into -lrb- i. e : dsp imaging , sleep timer , dvd option -rrb- . get it and enjoy .
374	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	just recently purchase this item . the sound be great , extremely loud and clear for both dvd and cd . it be not the most user friendly piece of equipment ever , it be easy to set up and get work with dvd , but some other thing that you would think would be simple , like put cd on random be suprisingly difficult . the instruction be all but useless . the other thing that be obviously my fault for not realize it , be it do not include digital input so you can not listen to cable show that be broadcast in surround or video game that support surround in true surround . i do not understand that requirement when i buy it and be disappoint when i figure it out . seem like a system that nice should have the ability to generate surround sound from a outside source . also get the wireless rear speaker kit and it have work really well so far . it will occasionally fight with my wireless laptop if i sit between the unit and back speaker , but it switch channel by itself and work perfectly after a few seconds .
850	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	it will really shock you to hear the type of sound you hear . it be easy to set up ; it be awesome . you may even be able to catch it on sale . the only down side be that you can not hook too many other thing into it . so , if you be look for a receiver to connect you own floor speaker , you may want to check the amp on the speaker first . it might be do the speaker a injustice if the watt be larger than this system . for anybody who just want a nice sound when watch they movie , this be the one !
422	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the satellite speaker sound fantastic and be easy to place throughout you room . the subwoofer drive low and hard and shake my entire house , even at time i swear i can not hear it . center be not too large and yet sound better than the one it replace which be huge . the only realy criticical review here on amazon regard these speaker be one idiot that give it one star because the one he get be defective . these be , by far , the best speaker available under $ 800 - $ 1000 . check the stereo review on they for absolute detail . i can only really tell you how they sound to i . they bring life back to my five year old receiver .
390	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	i receive my norcent dp1800 17.12.03 . i be so excite with it . i set it up immediately . it sound great . my wife and i first watch lord of the rings & quot ; the two towers & quot ; at first she say where be the bass , i think it would have have more bass , and then it hit she wow what great sound . she be not easily impressed , but she be with the dp1800 . the only thing though be that the power can not be turn on or off with the remote . other than that , i recommend it to anyone who be interested in a highly efficient low price range home theater system . it be a great buy .
877	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	we have have this for a year and it create a nice surround sound system . however , it try to default to the dvd each time you put it on and turn on the tv ; i have to reset it to the speaker for tv even if it be on that when i turn the tv off . sometimes it have to be set two or 3 time before it stay on that setting . very annoying ; be hope it would integrate better with my panasonic tv .
10	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i buy this system a few week ago , and it sound great ! we have a small living room and dont need the add boost to the bass that a bigger system would give , so this one be just prefect . it have all the feature of bigger model at a very affordable price .
811	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	this be my first home theater system and it sound great . it be easy to set up and connect the speaker . the reciver be limit on its feature but it sound great when watch suround movie . the only drawback be the system do not sound good when listen to just music .
615	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i have not fully test out the home theater system yet but , from what i do play with the sound and option be pretty cool . if i have more time later i will update this with more comment .
506	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	the panasonic speaker will definitely bring the movie theater effect into you living room . its fun to watch tv with surround sound , immerse yourself in a dvd that actually fill the entire screen of you widescreen hdtv and to play the xbox with surround sound be simply too delicious to describe . after spend a lot of time research home theater , i finally zero in on the panasonic model . this be my first home theater and i think the panasonic be a excellent model to help i get my foot wet . at this price -lrb- $ 249 -rrb- , it be a amazing buy ! as far as connectivity be concern , the panasonic be a bit limited . however , a $ 20 4 way stereo a\/v selector from radioshack will solve all you problem . at the push of a button , it will help you switch between all auxillary input such as you tv\/cable and you xbox . the dvd be the main input and it connect to you tv through the amazing hdmus -lrb- cable not include -rrb- . additional reason why i buy the panasonic model - ipod connectivity . i need to get a cable to hook this up but it be definitely a big plus . wireless speaker . again , i do not get the kit . however , its not fun for i to hook up speaker use wire , and i really do not like look at wire . if you be look for a fantastic music system , then this be not the music system for you , but you already know that . and if you do not know that , this system absolutely rock !
633	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	after about two year the player destroy a new dvd . the changer mess up and will not eject the other disk in the player . after it be take apart and the other disk remove my dad find that a small mod will make it a single disk player but still usable . still have great sound but only a single disk player .
214	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	4	buy this for a vacation home which have large flat screen tv and blue ray player . do not really want 5 speaker and\/or receiver due to space limitation . the unit be small but full feature . sound be more than adequate for movie and regular tv . to augment a flat screen tv and hook up to the dvd player , this unit be a great fit . cost be in line with similar quality item although there be no real direct competitor that i have see .
839	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the samsung ht-db600 sound and look great . some review that i have read have say they be a thump come from the subwoofer when use the dts and p-scan , but i have not have any problem . my samsung system be hook up to a 43inch hitachi hdtv -lrb- which look great -rrb- . this system be worth every penny i spend on it , would defintly recommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!
13	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	the shipping for this system be very fast . the surround sound system itself work great . although not truly 5.1 surround sound , each speaker synthesize sound independently to mimic -lrb- very well -rrb- true surround sound . when i first get the system i think i would not be able to connect it to my tv since it only permit optical audio and line-in audio jack -lrb- for ipod and computer -rrb- . however i use a regular audio cable -lrb- for ipod -rrb- to connect my tv to the speaker and they be still able to synthesize the audio separately . great for video game and movie , i could not be happier for the price i pay .
36	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i do not buy mine on amazon but pay 1\/2 the price at radio shack though . it be awesome . i do not know about the dt stuff but my movie , directv , music and etc sound awesome . i be glad i purchase this system . i have have it nearly a year and i love it . i will never get rid of it unless i want more wattage but at the present time 200 watt of power be excellent !!
840	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	i replace a lower end vizio sound system with this one and be amaze at the huge difference in quality of sound . this be a great look , great sound system . super easy to install -- great remote !! i love it .
578	HomeTheaterSystem	POS	5	this system be very affordable and have a great sound ! i have a new audio cd that come double with the same cd only in 5.1 surround sound and i be blow away by this system sound ... it be awesome ! i highly recomend it .
0	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	do not buy this product , $ 200 to watch 3 movie and a piece of trash . i believe there should be a class action suite against this product ! somebody with the legal expertise should organize this law suit .
609	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	terrible , terrible terrible ! please do not give rca you money . this thing freeze multiple time during playback -lrb- and it be not the disc , we have put brand new disc in with the same result -rrb- . when i call they help line , they act like they know it be a problem , but require a receipt for i to send it in for repair\/exchange . since i buy it online , i do not have that and now i be stick with some nice speaker , but a worthless player . plus , the speaker have the bare wire plug-in -lrb- push down on the spring load button and insert the wire to connect -rrb- and it do not seem that many system even use that anymore . stay away ! far , far away !
278	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i upgrade my entire media system recently and decide that i still want the power of both dvd and vcr player along with stereo surround sound . after some research , i come upon the panasonic scht820v . i think this would be perfect since it encompass all the feature i need in one system . it play well for the first two day . the system be not phenomenal , but it do the work it set out to do . the sound be fine and the hd channel play a simulated surround sound quality -lrb- the only true surround sound i find be only when i play dvd -rrb- . but then i notice that the dvd carousel click loudly as if something snap . the dvd player stop work and i could not even get it to open . i buy the system from target.com and they be very friendly and send i a replacement immediately . when my replacement arrive a few day later , i perform the daunting task of pack up the old system and unpack the new one . i connect everything again with the new system and it play fine . the very next day , the same thing happen with the old player . the dvd player get stick on one of the carousel , something click very loudly and i know that be the sound of i be screw again . again , target be very accommodate ; i be no longer interested in another replacement as i have have my fill . i pack the second system up and get my refund . i do not know if anyone else have have issue with the dvd player , but for it to be defective on two separate system be a major red flag for i . be warn . now i be convinced that i will just buy a 5 disc dvd player\/entertainment system from sony and if i want to tape a show off the tv , i will invest in tivo !
472	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i purchase it at best buy and be real happy with look and price . easy set up . rent 5 dvd 's and it lock up on everyone of they , picture freeze for a few seconds , then would play . very annoying .
114	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	buyer beware . if you buy make sure you test every feature before the 30 day be up . this will take alot of work as there be many feature and alot of setup . otherwise you can not return it . the mx 6000us i receive have the follow issue : 1 -rrb- dvd player do not work 2 -rrb- dvd drawer be stick open after 3 opening . 4 -rrb- phillips support do not recognize the product model number 5 -rrb- product have many mode -lrb- tv sound , dvd , internet , pc link -rrb- and lock up in these mode require a reboot . 6 -rrb- reboot be sometimes slow 7 -rrb- tv sound mode have significant delay from tv picture 8 -rrb- after some time tv sound mode add artifact to the tv sound require reboot . 9 -rrb- stream media be jerky . 10 -rrb- dvd drawer require many pushing of the button to open . 11 -rrb- the picture of this thing be mislead the tower speaker be really like 10 time the height of the dvd unit .
667	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	do not buy this unit . there be a problem with it over heating and cause a loud poping sound after a couple hour of use . i talk with panasonic about this and they will not admit to the problem , however , you can find several other people that have have the same problem on the net .  when ask for replacement unit , i be tell that i would have to take it to my local repair center to have a tech look at the unit . this unit be still under warrenty and it be go to take several day for the unit to be repair . no sound or dvd while this take place . i will never buy another panasonic unit again , to bad because this be the best unit i find on the market . guess next time i 'll pay the extra money and get a sony ! at least they care about they customer .
522	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	just buy this today at target -lrb- 1\/7\/2003 -rrb- . go to return it tomorrow . it promoise a nice all in one but like several of the other poster , something do not work on it . in my case , the vcr . i buy this on a spur of the moment without do any research . got home , set it up , go to amazon to see the review , ... wish i have not buy it . it sound good enough , though . and if everything work well , i might have keep it longer . but with the on-line review here and it not work out of the book , i 'll have own it for less than 24 hour . \* sigh \* my recommendation be to not buy this product .
275	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	from what i can tell the speaker and receiver seem well engineer with a nice feature set , but there be a ridiculous flaw in the design of what connect they . the receptacle on the back of the receiver that receive the speaker cable be proprietary . each pair of speaker wire be attach to a special plug that fit into one of these receptacle . with regard to the speaker proper , if one want to extend a speaker wire , one presumably have to splice -lrb- use electrical tape and soldering or twist i guess -rrb- speaker wire to the naked speaker end of the speaker cable . or , one can go to ebay and spend a small fortune on new cable with the weird 4.2 mm connector , which weird connector you pay excessively for , obviously . but the situation with the subwoofer be even more hopeless . the speaker cable to the subwoofer be permanently attach to the subwoofer . and it look just as cheaply make as the other speaker wire -lrb- thin and from they color i be guess aluminum -rrb- and be too short -lrb- ~ 10 ' -rrb- to go from immediately above the television straight across half the television straight down to the floor straight forwards to the front of we cabinet and immediately back to the wall . there be no way to take a connector off and reuse it . one be absolutely force it seem to either cut the speaker wire in two and use two pair of splice or remove the connector and buy a new one attach to a wire and splice both wire once after remove the connector . the male -lrb- ? -rrb- connector be not something one can reuse by put simple wire in it . the wire to form a connection with the plug each have special tricked-up -lrb- female -rrb- sleeve crimped on they end -lrb- with a metal tab one can press to remove the wire and sleeve from the connector -rrb- . i do not think one can buy connector to fit on the end of wire directly . one can buy universal 4.2 mm -lrb- ? -rrb- connector attach to speaker wire and splice , but i do not believe there be make any kind of extension cord with a female receptacle on one end -lrb- a third party make universal 4.2 mm male -lrb- ? -rrb- plug attack to wire , but i do not think they sell anything with female receptacle suitable for sony speaker -rrb- . i think about use ugly inelegant splice -lrb- the surround speaker be too short to go to the side of we sofa via the wall -rrb- on the surround speaker and spending extra to buy a special speaker wire with a plug so i can put the subwoofer on the floor next to the wall right next to the cabinet -lrb- be that ask too much ? -rrb- , but i be really lock into either chop the subwoofer cable in two and splicing twice 2x or take the plug off and use the whole length of that cheap look speaker wire from the subwoofer -lrb- and buy a cable with the weird plug to splice to the end of it -rrb- . the engineering wiring mistake be so glaring and the wire look way too thin and cheap for the 165w the subwoofer be supposedly rate for -lrb- lower voltage to produce the same power mean higher current and higher heat than with higher voltage , so i be guess this be even worse than 165w table lamp plug into a -lrb- 120v -rrb- outlet -rrb- , and one can never tell maybe one day one might live with some crazy who want it crank up all the way , so i be frankly worry the wire might heat up so much as to start a fire . i be return the unit .
930	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i have be a long-time fan of sony , so it be my first choice when i begin look for a ht system . i buy the 740 and set it up with little trouble - love the compact size of the satellite speaker .  i crank it up and the disappointment begin . even with the power sub turn up full , the bass response be dismal , and leave it on full produce a hiss . the sound be send heavily -lrb- it sound like 60 % - 70 % -rrb- to the center channel speaker , which greatly reduce the surround effect . you be also very limit in you ability to redirect sound or set level for the surround speaker ; essentially you set they level by set they distance from the viewer . the catch be that the reciever limit the range of distance you can set . if you set the front speaker at 15 ' , you can not set the rear speaker at 5 ' . basically all distance must be within 5 ' of each other , which keep all speaker level about the same . i wind up hear very little out of the rear channel speaker , even when play cd . when i choose one of the music setting , like jazz , concert or hall , the center channel problem be avoid , because it would not be utilize , but the sound out of the other speaker be tinny and flat .  i give the system 2 1\/2 month to win i over . in the end , i break the ladder back out , take the whole system down , and return it to the store . i know i have not pay a ton for this system , but i expect more than i get . i find it mediocre at best .
845	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i be a sony fan but i buy ht-p50 because of it be a new product with great speaker design from samsung . i like samsung 's cell phone a lot so i give a chance and buy this from b&h; photo video store -lrb- www.bhphotovideo.com -rrb- in ny via online . i like the overall of the product such as sound output and again nice speaker design . but after two week later , when i turn it on from sleep-mode , i hear a loud noise from the back of the unit . i find out the noise be from cool fan -lrb- just like a pc but smaller size -rrb- . the noise be just like a old pc fan before it go bad . so i tap it lightly and the noise go away for a few seconds and then noise come back again . so i tap it again . this time the noise go away . remember , this unit be only two week old ! i never have bad experience with all of my sony or canon equipment . poor quality control from samsung ! i will never buy samsung product again . do not have time to take it to authorized service dealer since i do not have time for this -lrb- put all into the box then drive 12 mile to the service center and leave it for several week ? -rrb- . no way ! i buy this to enjoy , not to spend money and then time to fix it . i will not buy samsung again ! ever !
548	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i get it as a gift a few month ago and , at first , everything be fine . then it start freezing on one dvd after another . it begin with lotr , then the princess bride , then occasionally on lotr : tt and now on hbo 's band of brother . the dvd play without a problem on other dvd player .  the system still have a few month of warranty leave so i will try talk to samsung . but give some of the online comment i have read , it appear to i they will want i to ship , at my expense , a 55lb dvd player .
693	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i really have high hope for this system . it have good review . the price be right . what could go wrong ? sadly , sound quality can go wrong apparently . i think it be quite possible that i receive a defective unit as the center channel do not produce any audio most of the time and when it do , it make voice sound completely muffle . on the upside , the sub in the unit sound great . it put out some rumble bass and i have to keep it turn down to `` 0 '' or '' +1 '' so as not to totally annoy the neighbor -lrb- love that apartment life -rrb- . i do not experience any of the setup issue that other people mention ; set-up be quick and easy . with all say and do however , i return the unit to amazon today . pro : easy set-up hdmus inputs\/output powerful sub con : center channel sound muffle if it work at all
259	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	the dvd player start freezing up on i after only a few month of use . sometimes if i unplug & plug it in again , it would temporarily fix the freezing problem ... for a few day ... maybe . a few week after the freezing start , the dvd player would not properly play dvd 's . i try several different disc , even brand new one ... same issue . the audio and video would not be line up , now it be only show half of the picture and the rest of the screen be yellow . my tv be fine , it be this rca dvd player . the player itself seem to get very hot , so maybe it be a overheating issue that cause all the problem ? overall , it be loud -lrb- lot of clunking noise when change disc -rrb- , slow -lrb- painfully slow , like 30 + seconds to load a disc -rrb- , and just plain unreliable . i have have better luck with my 3 year old apex dvd player -lrb- which never freeze up btw -rrb- . the speaker system have be pretty decent -lrb- so far -rrb- ... the only reason i give this system a 2-star rating . for close to $ 200 i expect something a lot more reliable that would not poop out on i after 2 month . my next dvd player will not be a rca !
813	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i buy two of these unit . brand new . one of they arrive doa . there be no indication anywhere of any packing damage and everything appear brand new in physical appearance . obviously , not the end of the world , as amazon will send a new one and\/or refund you , but rca should not be release doa brand new product , even if they be at rock bottom price ! the unit that be work , so far , seem nice . the speaker be indeed tiny , but the cable be nice and long , and produce a good surround effect . the input be only stereo -lrb- eg just leave and right -rrb- , but personally that be all i need . it come with a remote which can adjust the volume to specific pair of speaker -lrb- eg front pair , rear pair , center speaker , subwoofer -rrb- - this be very useful for calibrate a room .
965	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	you do not get nearly what you pay for . nothing on this be as good as you would expect . none of the bell and whistle this home theater in a box -lrb- htib -rrb- promise matter when it can not output sound correctly . if you want to just watch tv then you will not notice any big problem , but if you put in a dvd , listen to the radio , put in a cd , etc. then you will be annoy . the speaker give off some kind of rumble that sound almost like thunder . at first i think it might just be the speaker , but i hook up some other speaker , that to this day work fine with any other audio system , and the same problem occur . if you think i might just be a ranting idiot . maybe you can go to criterion 's website to get more info . good luck find it though . i even try they parent company tonic , inc. . good luck get anywhere there either . i then try the old-fashioned telephone approach . not only be no phone number list anywhere in they manual , but i even call circuit city , think that they might want to take responsibility for sell such a horrible product , but they could not even find the company number in they database . this htib be such a piece that someone would have to pay i use it .
653	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	purchase this unit on recommendation of best buy associate . it do not work right out of the box . blu ray would not play , pixel would rain down the screen , regular dvd 's would only give error message . instead of replace , lg have i send back for repair , when i receive back from they , only dvd would play , still no blu-ray . be now wait for a firmware update cd which i have still not receive and my guess be that it will not work . best buy would also not help i at all , because i keep in box past 30 day and so even though product be new they will not exchange either . should have come straight to amazon . all associate at lg and best buy tell i they be sorry but no real customer service . would not purchase lg product again .
808	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i own 2 other apex dvd player . they be great . this home theater system be not . the remote enter the number 4 repeatedly when it be just sit on the table . it have go through 4 set of battery in 2 month . the main unit do not recognize command from it 3\/4 of the time . it will not play svcd disc as it be manual say it will . overall , i would say it be a piece of garbage . i do not know what happen to the good quality for a low price apex use to deliver , but this sure be not it !
973	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i buy the rca rdt325w home theater system and it do not even last a year !! i also buy the replacement plan , but since it do not last a year , i still have to go through rca for warranty . they want i to pay 25 $ or more for ship the defective product to they ! i already pay over a 100 $ on this product , of which be still under the first year 's warranty ! i be darn sure not go to pay more when it do not even last the year -lrb- much less the obviously useless amount i pay on the replacement plan -rrb- . do not buy this product , it be not worth the money and rca 's repair policy on a product they do not take the time to make properly , be to make you pay for postage for they to fix it . bad form rca !!! bad form ! no more rca product for i ! : -lrb-
887	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	nine month ago i think i be buy a good value product but now i realize that i buy a bomb ... the whole system stop work with a dvd inside . i could not manage to open the dvd ... worse , the service center that i be call do not work anymore ... do not buy from klh never ...
357	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i do very much appreciate the people who take the time to explain the upgrade to the firmware . but the truth be that this device will not function in hdmi mode so what be the use of it . as a end-user , i be no slouch with non-intuitive device but this be a waste day and a half . the byzantine upgrade process require you to buy the digital optical cable . go to the website and download the manual . really . then download the firmware . the firmware would not update - i burn a cd of it on three device to be sure . yamaha should be embarrass that they could not offer to send a cd . because without the update , you have to choose video or audio from hdmi . really ! what a choice . nice look bar - small but the woofer be large and heavy to make up for it . some thing be amiss here - i be still baffle by the good review . if i have buy this from anywhere else , i would have a hardtime explain the return .
944	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	staticy \/ teapot whistle constantly . do not support blu ray live on any disc i have try . netcast be nice and work well , but i buy this primarily for sound and that it do poorly .
943	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i be very disappointed with this system , my integrate tv speaker sound better than this system , needless to say i have return it . after read review and see the `` savings '' i think it would be a good buy . the biggest problem be the sound bar do not produce quality sound . it be a small cheap feeling bar , and it sound , well , small and cheap . the bar have no middle , and the result be no matter what the setting , i have difficulty understand dialog during movie . imagine hook up a subwoofer to you cell phone speaker . the integrate receiver and subwoofer seem like a good idea when i purchase . however , after set up and some use some problem with this setup become obvious to i . first be you have a component that will now vibrate . this mean it be recommend keep it isolate from device such as tv and dvd\/blueray player . the receiver be bigger than i expect so this become more of a issue than i expect . second be that unless you have some odd home theater setup , the result of this integration be that you have a line of sight bass reflex port point at you . this make the bass unpleasant . instead of that bass fill the room feeling , it be come right at you from one place . i now understand why most subwoofer face down or towards the wall . i have a open floor plan room so i return think maybe my room be too big for a sound bar . however end up try a vizio soundbar with wireless subwoofer . the result be a great surprise . my room be not to big for a soundbar , this one just be not very good .
124	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i usually do not leave product review but because i feel burn so badly on this one i have to say something to warn everyone else . i be actually online search for a way to remedy the pop and hiss , think i must have be do something wrong , and then i run across other review that be state the same problem that i be have . this system really be pathetic peace of junk and i have be totally embarrass by they on more than one occasion . they will pop and hiss -lrb- loudly -rrb- then the sound will totally disappear . forget this system and do not give panasonic another dime . if i be look for a new system i would go with bose . yes , bose system be expensive but they know have payment option on they website and i can guarantee you will not get these type of review form they system .
323	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i buy it a couple of month ago after read all the good review . my expectation be probably too high for the price . just so so sound quality that you can get from auto speaker . again , not terribly bad consider money , but if you want nice home theater quality , i recommend invest a little bit more and go to other speaker set .
419	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i be tear between this unit and a similar samsung unit , and i decide to go with this sony because i have alway6s be please with sony product . well , sony definitely let i down on this one . first off this unit be easy to set up . it take longer to run the wire across the room than it do to actually hook it up . but the volume on this be sub-par . even on the max level volume -lrb- 35 -rrb- it still be not that loud . the main problem be the amount of bass that it produce . the bass be so overpowering that you can barely even hear people talk in the movie , and there be no way to adjust the level at all .
532	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this unit be junk . after two - three week it develop a hum and then the sound would fade in and out . several month late i go to switch to a dvd and it give a loud hum and then go blank . will not work at all . absolute junk . do not buy this unit !!!
157	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i select these base on appearance in my living room as the primary factor and sound specification be secondary . the sound quality be so poor i have to disconnect they and go back to my old stuff . speaker have very poor sound quality and no depth at all . i hope other learn from my mistake ! the good news be that they be cheap .
312	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i make the mistake of fall for a good sale pitch on this product a couple year ago . of course this be a `` newer model year '' but it still have the same gut . i be skeptical about buy rca after my parent 5-disk player go out on they only 3 month after they purchase it . -lrb- strike 1 -rrb- rca , which have a call center at that time , replace it under warranty . -- that call center no longer exist , you have to take it to a authorized service center , so i have recently learn from the website . -- shortly after i purchase this item , the replacement that rca send to my parent go out ... in the same manner as the first one do . -lrb- strike 2 -rrb- this time , they `` replacement '' model make it exactly 1 year-3 month , so no longer be it cover under the warranty . well , what do you know , now this one have go out on i ... same symptom as the failure on my parent 's system . -lrb- strike 3 -rrb- this be what happen ... you decide you want to watch a movie with the family . you be all excite , pop the disk in , and it say `` read ... read ... read . '' after a few minute , a message come on the screen say `` this disk can not be read . check the region code ... '' the problem be the lazer that read the disk itself . it be life be only about 1-2 year !!! oh well , i now have a great surround-sound am\/fm stereo that cost i over $ 400 -lrb- pay $ 369 + tax for the system 2 year ago -rrb- when all be say and do . do i mention it cost $ 30 just to get a quote for repair ? so , if you can afford to buy a new system that often or pay the $ 275 repair bill then go ahead and buy away . otherwise , rca have be a huge expense & disappointment for we family .
498	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	o no warranty ; no address or telephone number in packing material . try 800\/726 -3801 . o 90 day warranty . unit die after 9 month . o work only with remote control supply ; no universal remote code so now i have one more clicker to kepp track of o tiny speaker supply with unit have a tinny sound ; fortunately receiver easily drive my ancient rectilinears . also on the plus side sound level be separately adjustable on each channel . on the down side , a built-in cross-over network mean you can not eliminate they sub-par power-consuming biamped subwoofer . o if you switch from dvd to tv , dvd revert back to start of disk . a major pain as now you have to sit through a minute plus of start-up material . o you can not remove dvd 's until you switch back to dvd mode , wait a minute for warmup o almost impossible to navigate through mp3 's . o lack a mute button . oh thos enoisy commercial o number key can not be use to select dvd chapter . o could use extra audio input for tape deck and reel-to-reel . o lack digital input for playstation , etc. .
327	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i get this to add a little home theater pizzaz to we small living room with 42 '' tv . setup be a pain because 1 -rrb- both rear speaker have the internal connector pull out . 2 -rrb- you may have to do something to you source to ensure that dd\/dts come through the optical connection . i have to dig thru the menu of my sony blu-ray player to change the output from hdmus to optical . oddly , audio come out the optical port of the player at all time , but it be not dd\/dts until i make the change . now most of we have 2 source -lrb- cable\/sat box and blu-ray player -rrb- , so the vizio really need 2 optical input . i confirm my panasonic tv will not output dd\/dts on the optical port when use the hdmus input , so i can not use that as a switch . none of this be mention in the manual , which also do not have a diagram of the tiny unlabeled front light , so good luck on figure those out . and the manual mention mode call srs trusurround and srs wow , but do not explain they or when or why you might use they . note that dd\/dts can not be have with the analog stereo input ; make sure you source -lrb- s -rrb- have optical output if you want dd\/dts . that say , this system sound better than the cheap tv speaker -lrb- why do they make tv 's with gorgeous video , but awful audio ? -rrb- and look really spiffy . day 2 : all the button on top of the soundbar quit working . i can still control it with the remote . stay tune . day 5 : tech support try a black magic reset consist of remove the power , hold the power button down for one minute , then press each of the other button twice . do not help . but i can make the light go crazy by run my hand over the soundbar , so i think they have a static electricity issue , which likely kill the button . my impression be the vizio marketing dept override the engineering dept and spend most of the money on the pretty box , but the innards be way too fragile and complicated for the intend use and user . vizio advice : add another optical input and beef up the innards ! i will rewrite the manual for you at no charge . buyer advice : buy it locally so you can return\/exchange it easily . i get it on amazon , so ship it back to they or vizio be my only option . one month : unit expire . light but no sound . return to amazon for refund . life be too short for this nonsense .
697	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i purchase this system because it combine a up-converting dvd and hdmus in\/out function . if you be look for a smooth operation out of the box , this set be not for you . here be my concern : - cable connection to the speaker have a proprietary type plug on the back of the system . if they length be sufficient , then there be no problem . troble be if you need you speaker farther away or need to go around the room to get to they . you can not buy the connector anywhere and samsung only sell they along with the cable and , once again , not for longer run . i have to solder cable to the connector -lrb- after have rip apart the plastic on they -rrb- to be able to get to my back speaker - i use my hdmi in\/out function , connect the tv hd box in and connect out to the tv . this connection never work . i have to revert to connect my tv hd box directly to the tv via hdmi and use component video for the dvd\/home theater set . this be quite annoying because this be one feature i be look for since my hdtv have only one hdmus input . the problem seem to be in the connection of the two hdmus plug on the theater system since i could see my dvd out of that . if you tv have two hdmus input -lrb- as the most recent have -rrb- than you have no problem . - connect the audio from the hd box set via optic cable . this connection sometime loose completely the signal and i have to ` circle ' again through all the input option -lrb- aux1 -rrb- aux2 -rrb- hdmus -rrb- digital in -rrb- just to get my audio back on . this happen quite often when you switch channel a lot . - sync problem between image and sound : with the digital connection , i seem not to be able to precisely sync the image and sound - remote seem to be `` swallow '' battery power . first set of battery last two week , i then buy rechargeable battery but need to refresh they charge every two week or so . compare with other remote where battery life be at least six month . overall , a economic system that show all he problem .
88	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	the first one that i order didnt work right , but amazon quickly replace it . i get a new one in one day .
483	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this be the worst piece of equipment i believe i have ever purchase . i have it maybe 8 month and it begin to freeze . at 9 month the vcr go out . now nothing work i would stay away from this product , i think magnavox will put they name on anything .
675	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i be excite by all the feature offer in this unit for the price , but live with it have leave i feel otherwise .  1 . weak weak weak remote . point directly , push repeatedly , and maybe it 'll work . buttons be tiny , not light , etc  2 . lowest volume too loud ! how can a product be make like that ?  3 . amplifier dead after 3 month of light use . i be call the company tomorrow , it be get a 1 year warranty , but i be not hopeful . even if they ship a replacement , i do not think i want it ! ...
642	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	i recently purchase a lg lhb335 bluray all in one surround sound home theater system from best buy . the center and right rear speaker emit a whistle noise that sound like a teapot when boil . not quite that loud , but enough to be a very undesirable noise in a new unit . i take the first one back , bb give i another . same thing . then another . same thing . i have connect it to another location with speaker wiring and a monster power supply and yes , it do the same thing ! i call lg and they say they have no report on this problem , but when a search be conduct , many people be complain . until this issue be resolve , i would suggest not buy this unit ! edit -- more detail : the lhb335 have a horrible `` tea pot '' whistle noise emit from the center speaker . it also come from the right rear speaker at time . it be so annoying that i take it back to best buy . exchange for another and same thing ! i relocate the unit on a different electrical circuit and that do not help . buy a expensive monster power supply due to best buy recommendation which do not help at all . they ask i to try unit # 3 and it also have the same noise ! to make sure that it be not just a building electrical problem , i install it in a friend home . same issue ! i call lg to discuss the problem and they say they have no report of such a problem . that be not true . the internet have many comment regard this speaker noise issue . after talk with some friend , they too have return unit with the same problem . i really like the feature of the lhb335 , but will not buy another one unless lg can assure i that it will be one that do not whistle ! edit -- even more detail : 2\/24\/2011 -- with all of the positive comment i have see post , especially with claim that the noise have be fix in unit manufacture after june 2010 , i think i 'll try another one for the basement game room . the price have be come down drastically , and no wonder with all the bad pr , so i pick one up for $ 249 from amazon . i receive the unit in a couple of day , set it up -lrb- i can do it very quickly since i have be through more than a few of these -rrb- make the tweak for input and presto ... no whistle ... however there be no sound at all !!! after turn it off and on a few time the sound begin work . but the sound would quit and then restart after 3-5 seconds . after talk with lg 's deplorable customer service group , they say , `` we have not have any report of that problem , send it to we and we will look at it . '' once again lg display horrible concern for they customer satisfaction ! so it be go back to amazon and i will never ever even consider another lg product !!!! so be forewarn ... lg do not mean life be good ... it mean lot of grief !!!
668	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	subwoofer and satellite speaker never work . three call to vizio support be no help . with all the time i have waste try to get this to work , i could have buy a full price bose system . sorry , have to run and repackage everything to send it back .
373	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this system have a easy set up it only take i about 10 minute , maybe less . the length of the speaker wire be just right for my studio and put out good sound . one draw back be the cord , each have one black side and then a different color run through the whole wire . it would not have be so bad if only the first inch of so of the wire be such but now it make the wire pretty obvious if there be not a way to place they discreetly . overall a great product , but have one serious down fall for i and that be the blu-ray player . it take a while to load and then it would occasionally drop the sound for a quick second . not noticible at first but happen more frequently . then finally no sound at all . the blu-ray would freeze try to load a dvd and then it be blinking pink and the home screen which lead to a solid pink screen . the aux source work fine and put out great sound still , so it be solely the blu-ray player that be problematic . so , if all you need be great sound from you aux source this be a great buy . but since i know we want the whole system i would not recommend this product . the return for i be super simple . repack the system in the box it come in , print the ups label from return center , place the return paper in box , and drop off at a ups location . got to the returns center in a week and reimbursement notice in the same day .
749	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	customer service - the panasonic website claim this be very important to they . i have my home theater only 3-4 month when a vcr tape get stick . i have now be at the service center for almost 4 month ! when i be lucky enough to get a response from panasonic -lrb- which be rare -rrb- , they make promise of completion and\/or replacement . but promise will not play the dvd 's my family would have like to watch together over the holiday . when we finally get through to the customer service center on the phone , they have the nerve to hand up on we twice . if you want a company to stand behind their products - stay away from panasonic !!! i have truly give up hope of even get my home theater back from the panasonic service center .
169	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i read the negative review for koss dvd player online , but i think i would give it a shot anyway , as sears have a good deal over christmas . well , the 90 day warranty run out a few week ago , and now the machine be nothing but a big silver paperweight . will not read any disk anymore . have not have a single problem till this , but on every review site , people describe similar experience . ugh . i guess i deserve it .
596	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i order this system because i want to put new speaker on my exist surround sound system . read the review on amazon , i expect the subwoofer to be weak -lrb- it be -rrb- , but i expect the speaker to be good to excellent . they be fair . this be actually the first item in my multi-year history as a amazon shopper that i be go to the trouble to return . the speaker system i order for my computer sound better . if you just need a cheap system that be better than the speaker on you tv , this might be good for you . otherwise , shop around and maybe spend just a little more .
480	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	if anyone know how to connect a pc to this receiver , then let i know ... there be only 2 input -lrb- one analog -rrb- and one supposedly digital , but the digital optical imput will not connect into my pc spdif for sound , so i can not run sound from a pc through the receiver . what be worse be that the speaker be all run off the power subwooffer , so it only will support this receiver ... really upset with this purchase consider they never provide a upgrade patch ...
900	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	this system be the next evolution of the ht900 and ht920 . both of which have design flaw . i speak with a panasonic service engineer about the ht900 and he verify a pop noice come from my sub be a know issue with the sub , but no recall be issue . after 3 month of discussion they replace with 920 . after own a little over a year i have issue with the sub on this system also . there local certified repair company tell i there be a issue with the design of the circuit board on this system . different problem from the 900 . they say they though pansonic would replace but after numerous conversation they do not . they make good tv but low quality home theater in a box and do not stand behind they product .
69	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	at the store i think this thing be go to be great . i compare this to many other system and it seem to be much better . the one thing that hook i when i buy it be that you have the capability to go wireless . first unfortunately , the bright engineer at panasonic decide to have the wireless home theater system operate at the same frequency as a wireless home network . so , if you be as lucky as i , do not expect to be on the internet and use you panasonic home theater at the same time -lrb- assume you have get the wireless addon -rrb- . second this unit do not have any reasonable audio input . very dissappointing . i be not sure that i would have find a better deal , nonetheless i would definitely not have purchase it know what i know now .
354	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i buy this unit in january 2006 from bbuy . i admit i be mainly look for a surround sound system but the price seem reasonable and with all the other feature -lrb- 5-disc changer , divx capable , etc. -rrb- i think what the heck . at first i do not really use the dvd player that much , but when i do i have a problem with a few disc skip after about a hour into the movie , at the time i just figure the disc themselves be bad , like i say i do not use it to watch many movie . well recently my wife start work at a movie rental store , so with free rental we have start watch a lot more movie . now i see that the dvd function on this unit be basically useless , pretty much every movie we play begin to skip and then freeze at about a hour and fifteen minute into the movie . i know it be not the disc , sometimes she get free unopened movie as promotional item and the same thing happen , a hour and fifteen minute or so into the movie it begin to skip , every single time now . i have try disc cleaner with no luck . after some research online , it seem that alot of people have the same exact problem with all type of samsung dvd player . maybe there be just a few bad unit float around out there but nonetheless i would recommend go with another brand .
254	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i have have the klh ha7000 for just about a year . i be in the middle of watch a dvd when the screen freeze . i have to take the system apart to get the dvd out and now it will not work at all . i turn it on and it say welcome . none of the other function work , so now i be stick with a almost $ 200 piece of junk ! do not buy this product , it be a piece of crap . i wish i have read other review before buy because the general consensus be , crap .
878	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	this unit be a nightmare . the instruction appear to have be write by someone with alzheimer 's . there seem to be no logic to the operation of the unit nor be it there anything intuitive about it . every time you want to do something new with the unit , expect to commit a major chunk of time puzzling over the manual . the remote be make of some aluminum-type metal that rapidly corrode and partially obscure the name on the button . it can be incredibly hard retrieve a disk from the tray and the headphone jack be loose . the sound be fine for the price and i could care less about the appearance .
386	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	ok , maybe i be on a little bit of a `` jihad '' here against these up-converting dvd player , but bear with i because i do have a valid point . do not buy any dvd player because it can `` up-convert to hd '' . evaluate all dvd player on whether they do everything else well , or have the connection you need -lrb- dvi , hdmi , etc. -rrb- or the price be in you budget . this may be a fine dvd player , but do not buy it just because it can up-convert , and do not use the up-convert capability of this player even if you do buy it . if you tv can accept 720p or higher input via dvi or hdmi , then it be already scale the image to fit the native resolution of the display device . and i guarantee you it be do a better job of it than any sub-200 dollar dvd player be go to do . -lrb- if not , then you hdtv be poorly make -rrb- . my final point : if this up-coverting technology be such a good idea , why be samsung the only one do it ? why not pioneer , panasonic , sony , jvc , and denon ? -lrb- because they know it be usless technology -rrb- .
409	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	works ok with some dvd . the only reason i buy be for the radio include in but it be not worth the trouble . in 12 month it have spend atleast 2 month get fix . the dvd doesnt open and they dont know what the fix for it . said they add some lubricant to open but it fail again . then they change the laser head dont know why but even that doesnt seem to help
658	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	-lrb- april , 2006 -rrb- home theater ? - panasonic make garbage ! i buy a similar dvd home theater sound system , panasonic model sc-ht900 less than three year ago and the sound have go out ! the product have normal use and good care by two fifty-something . panasonic have a service center over a hour 's drive away . after patronize i as though i be a idiot , the customer `` care '' person on the phone would not offer any break , other than a `` slight discount '' on the purchase of a newer model -lrb- equivalent to a retail sale -rrb- . why would i want to take a risk on the sc-ht 930 when the earlier model go belly-up before its time ? what gall - attempt to capitalize on they fail product ! i have be tell it be not worth the anticipated cost of repair . so after spend $ 500 on a product that look brand new , two year later i have to trash it ? nobody should have to take a absolutely new-looking product to the land fill because the manufacturer 's greed override the ethic of make a quality product . my last surround sound system be a cheap rca ; actually last exactly three year -lrb- longer than the panasonic -rrb- before it fail . we should not buy product from company that do not take responsibility for they product . i would not even consider buy this without add the cost of the longest extended warranty you can find . as for i , never again will i buy panasonic ! december , 2006 update : some time after i write the above review , i again contact panasonic , speak to another representative and she seriously consider my situation . she arrange to have the product repair , free , at a central repair center -lrb- i pay ship to ; panasonic pay return -rrb- . the amp work again , though it still get very hot , so i cool it with a small external fan ; hopefully to preclude another failure . after some month of use , it have not fail - and have have some of my faith in panasonic restore , i just buy a panasonic tv . i hope this home theater and other current model be improve version and that this company be learn that old-fashioned customer service pay off in the long run . to conclude , i base my review of the above model on my earlier model sc-ht900 -lrb- no longer in production -rrb- , which have a amp failure that panasonic finally repair - although i suspect to original component design specification . i suspect newer model may be improve . but for the initial amp failure , i would give the performance of my system five star .
90	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	get close to my 30 day evaluation period , and i be not sure if i 'll return it to amazon ; thing be , i have not even be able to use it , since i can not figure out how to connect everything . problem be , the manual only show the most basic or common connection setup , assume everyone have the same , generic hookup situation . no guidance in manual for the following : 1 . my cable box have no hdmus output , so i be not sure how to connect tv signal : the manual say nothing about connect it to you tv if you do not have hdmus , except the cryptic diagram show dmport adapter input into a tv 's video input ; 2 . anyway , i do not have the `` digital media port adapter '' show diagram in the manual , so i can not use that dmport to output signal to my tv , as show in the manual -lrb- pg 20 -rrb- ; 3 . manual also mention plug in a ipod cradle into this dmport , but that would make it a input port , not a output like show on pg 20 ; so what be it ? this dmp adapter they refer to numerous time be not even show on sony 's website nor on amazon anywhere . and why do not they tell i that i need this adapter to connect it to the video input of my tv ??? what a lousy way to put together a user manual for a complex piece of equipment . of course there be no help number to call sony to ask they what they intend for these situation . anyone have any idea ? my return time be run out . thanks .
456	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	1	i purchase this home theater system base on good review on cnet , and the fact that it would be pair with a sony lcd tv -lrb- which be also faulty-another story -rrb- . big mistake ! the sound be not a big improvement over the tv speaker , would not read any dvd -lrb- keep say no disc -rrb- , no radio reception , hard to control with cable remote , and when i would get disgusted enough to get rid of it , could not even use the darn speaker elsewhere because of proprietary connector . the sony `` customer service '' person , in goodness know what country , be of no help , and want my credit card number to initiate a repair order , since the product be a couple of month out of warranty . no way be i give they another cent of my money or another minute of my time . somebody kick in the rear if i ever look at another sony product .
318	HomeTheaterSystem	NEG	2	tuner very poor reception , instuction poor at best , waste of money over all . i be really sad that amazon would allow this stuff on the market . i do make the specker work and do get the dvd workable , the i pod device be crap .
