index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
494	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this little alarm clock for my wife many year ago . the original die and because it be easy to use , easy to pack and work forever on one set of battery she want another just like the old one . find it here ...
257	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this alarm clock for a recent trip to europe and it work great . it be simple to set the clock & alarm and have a light to see the time that be easy to find in the dark . i be happy with this purchase .
36	AlarmClock	POS	5	i like a travel alarm you can see in the dark , and the snooze button accomplish this when you wake up in the middle of the night , yet turn off to let you sleep in the dark . it be a nice small size and compact to carry .
625	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock can be $ 15 plus if they be sell in ikea . they have very fancy color flash color and i love the temperature function . it be more accurate more responsive than my other themo device at home . the alarm function be just a joke . it be very difficult to setup the alarm function and the alarm be just merry christmas music ...
963	AlarmClock	POS	4	so far , i love my clock ... except one thing . there be no volume control available for the nature sound . if you do not want to be blast by the sound of pound wave , excited bird or a babble brook , you have to put the clock on the other side of the room and can not have it close to you head . i would prefer the volumn to be lower and adjustable . other than that , it have great feature for the cost ... .
184	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have always hate alarm clock . be waken by a shrill bell , a morning dj -lrb- evil ! -rrb- , or that horrible beeeep ! beeeep ! have always scare the willie out of i . the timex 4056 give you several bird-based option -lrb- rooster , seagull , and bird -rrb- for you alarm , along with a slightly more civilized beep that be a tenor sax rather than a trumpet . i choose seagull , and now my morning wake-up be like be mildly annoy by the neighbor ' pet , rather than be stab in the head with a big knife . the clock also offer three ambient sound to sing you to sleep or make a little white noise : ocean , waterfall , and chirp cricket . fortunately , unlike real ocean , waterfall , and cricket , you control the volume and duration . i love this clock . the only reason i do not give it five star be its stubborn refusal to go into the kitchen and make my breakfast . though perhaps if i find it a 30-foot extension cord ... nah .
889	AlarmClock	POS	5	find a good travel alarm with a digital display should not be difficult , but i have go through a number of other clock that be unsatisfactory . one have a design very much like this one , but the switch be flaky ; if you try to set the alarm , it would irregularly oscillate between display the alarm and the time . another have a folding cover but leave button expose in back ; when i arrive at my destination , i often find that the button have be depress in transit and the time have be reset . the westclox # 47508 travel alarm do not have these problem , and have work perfectly so far . as other have note , the light be dim and remain on only so long as you press the button . the alarm ring for one minute , and you can snooze indefinitely for four-minute interval -lrb- although i wish the snooze be a bit longer -rrb- . the button and switch be simple and intuitive . it run on a single l1154 button battery . this battery type go by various name -lrb- alkaline a76 , lr44 ; silver oxide e357 , 10l14 , ms76 , sr44 -rrb- , and be one of the easier button battery to find in store . the clock be compact and appear sturdily make .
24	AlarmClock	POS	5	these be great little clock . i have use they for over 15 year , and keep buy they 3 or 4 at a time . why ? because sooner or later i will leave my clock in a hotel room somewhere . -lrb- and once a colleague find it and `` sort of fail to return it '' because she like it so much . -rrb- important to i be that it have separate hour and minute setting - i cross a lot of time zone , and reset this clock be as easy as can be . i have try the clock that sense the time zone automatically , which work fine in the us but not at all in most of the rest of the world . this clock be reliable , easy , small , light , durable and cheap . the all-time bargain of the clock world . just great .
510	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have own this clock for about three year now and i love it . i be actually look for one for my boyfriend -lrb- who love it too -rrb- when i come across all these negative reveiw . now i be a light sleeper and even the quietest alarm would shock i awake . that be the main reason that i buy this clock in the first place . the radio break within the first few month and i find the buzzer too loud for i so i be force to leave it on the silent setting . i be really worry that this would not wake i up so i also choose to use the flash at wake up option . even if i have only have a couple of hour of sleep , the flash light wake i up everytime . grant , i be a light sleeper so it do not take much for i to get up , however my boyfriend have to set up what we call the `` alarm minefield '' to get up in the morning and i be suprise that this clock wake he up . i do have to agree that the display be quite bright , so i read the manual and you can dim the display by hold down the demo and snooze button at the same time . overall , this have a great size that make it easy to take with i when i travel -lrb- which i do quite often -rrb- . this clock have so many option that you can really fine tune it in order to find out what work best for you . i have recommend this clock to many people and they love theirs as well .
948	AlarmClock	POS	5	we need a weather radio because we live in tornado country . when it get stormy , the 9 volt battery backup on this noaa weather radio keep the weather report come in . we live near a city and have no trouble receive the noaa broadcast . this unit cost as much as any of the standard weather radio i be look at , but it also have radio , alarm and a very large digital clock display . the spec say the display be 1 '' but i think it be closer to 2 '' . it be not a designer piece , it be purely functional , but that be what we buy it for . a cool feature be that you can set you alarm clock to wake you to the weather report . if you be travel , that be pretty handy .
715	AlarmClock	POS	4	pro : - reasonable alarm sound -lrb- for light-medium sleeper -rrb- - compact and extremely portable - lightweight yet sturdy ; size that fit the falm of you hand , yet have a foldable stand - good lead light , clear indication of the size of each button - affordable and matching with many type of furniture , color , etc cons : - not user friendly - adjust time , alarm , difficult due to the one direction limit digit go only higher till 59 and reset to 0 -rrb-
624	AlarmClock	POS	5	without question this be the best travel alarm clock i have ever own . it be compact , light weight and most importantly reliable . i have one for many year which never let i down . this past summer , i inadvertently leave it in a motel room while on vacation . my concern be that i would not be able to find a replacement . to my delight i find it at amazon . it be a great little clock at a `` super '' price .
152	AlarmClock	POS	5	i can really only think of one reason that make this timex solar powered radio controlled atomic alark clock worth invest - the fact it be solar power which mean whenever the electric go out -lrb- which happen frequently in the summertime thanks to lightning storm activity -rrb- you do not have to worry about you wake up time be disrupt or delay - thanks to battery , the alarm will go off anyway . the radio be alright but nothing flashy or distinct , and the clock itself be so light that it can fall off the shelf easily . be careful when handle it .
518	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be amazing . i do a lot of research on these clock and have a biobrite before this , and be convince this be the best choice . the light in the morning help i to wake more naturally . i find the light to be plenty bright . the radio work fine , and be much less jarring than a beep . it have a security feature that be convenient . it be small and lightweight , which i prefer as it be more the size of most alarm clock . the biobrite , which i have before , be huge , take up the entire nightstand and be finicky , fragile and complicated . i like the size and feature on the soleil better and think it be much easier to use . one change i would make be a less bright time display . i would also like for it to cost less , but compare to other dawn simulator , it be a good deal . all consider , i be extremely pleased .
274	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have 3 of these clock over the past 15 year . my 2nd one just die after several hard year of use ... travel literally around the world multiple time . be sooo happy to find a new one on amazon . this clock be the perfect size -lrb- smaller than a business card -rrb- , it light up with the press of the big `` light '' button , and it be easy to change the time & alarm . and it do not make unwanted beeping noise every time you want to press a button . they have be very durable and ... best of all ... it slide very easily into a briefcase or shave kit bag . it be perfect for the business traveler !
590	AlarmClock	POS	5	my new elgin bedside alarm clock look like a antique , but require no wind . you can hear the slightest tick sound , which i like . it be a no brainer to set up . the only thing i be a little disappointed with be i think it have a light dial , that maybe glow in the dark or something . to see the clock in the dark , push down on the button on top . the wording be a little misleading in that respect . otherwise i love my little clock . it hardly take up any room on my nightstand .
242	AlarmClock	POS	5	good little clock all the way around . very happy with it . the only problem be that it be package poorly and something be rattle on the inside . do not seem to affect the clock .
175	AlarmClock	POS	5	the number on this clock be very large -- i can easily read they in the middle of the night without glass . the red led number also do not light up the whole bedroom , like a blue led one i recently buy and be unable to use . the setting be simple and intuitive . i would definitely recommend this clock to anyone .
215	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be pretty satisfy with the clock . it be easy to setup . i follow the instruction and change the preset time to match my current time . the digit be large and easy to read from distance .
960	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love all the different sound , of course some more than other . it be easy to operate and the alarm sound be great .
67	AlarmClock	POS	4	i pick up this item for $ 5.99 with free shipping -lrb- amazon prime -rrb- . at this price , i do not really care how great it be ; i just want a bedside alarm clock that illuminate . well , this do the job . the display be large and easy to read , unless you be at too low a angle . this kind of lcd display be only readable at certain angle , but what do you expect for $ 5.99 ? the big , blue snooze\/light button be easy to find in the dark and do what it be suppose to do . if anything , it be a bit on the bright side when you be half-asleep and you eye be night-adjusted . it be a breeze to set up ; no stupid hoop to jump through , and the button be obvious for all but the most tech-challenged . for the price , it be a useful instrument . if you want something fancier and better engineer , go with a $ 10 + casio or similar .
525	AlarmClock	POS	4	good for travel though button to operate alarm be small and unlit . tough to tell if alarm be on without have to look really close -lrb- and turn on a light -rrb- .
102	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be great if you want a simple alarm clock . intuiative to operate . simple and legible control . love the soft beep to wake i . get a little more obnoxious if you do not turn it off or hit snooze in a few seconds . i do not use snooze and be able to turn it off before it get angry . stand fold over to completely cover control and display when transport . one problem , minor to i but i can not read the time in the dark . the 2 little led do not shine enough light for i to read the time in the dark . still give a 5 star because i be very satisfied . hopefully the battery last a while . will order i a extra from e-bay .
962	AlarmClock	POS	4	what i like best about the elgin travel alarm clock be the large , blue back-lit display . the slide button to set the alarm and time be a little tricky to use because they tend to stick a little , but it be not enough of a problem for i to give it a lower rating . the exterior be hard plastic and i would have like it to feel a little sturdier , but it keep the weight and price down . all in all not a bad product .
554	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a very elegant snooze-type alarm clock with many different soothing sound to suit you taste . small and compact , it come with the sharper image credentials , and live up to its name for dependability . new condition from amazon .
972	AlarmClock	POS	4	i purchase this for my husband for father 's day and he really enjoy it . it be very sturdy ; darth can either stand or sit . he head be the snooze button for the alarm -lrb- you push it down -rrb- . the alarm let off beep that gradually get faster as it go off . it be not a super loud alarm -lrb- as some be -rrb- , so if you be a heavy sleeper this would not be a good choice . the clock and alarm be very basic , but i would expect most who be buy this be not do so for advanced technology . ; -rrb-
207	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a well make product that be go strong after month of use . my son love check the time before he get out of bed . the only `` downside '' be that the clock make a beep sound if the light to check the display be activate . i find that it be helpful that it be not consistently back light , which make the room darker and more sleep-friendly , but the `` beep '' can be annoying to those who be light sleeper like i be .
297	AlarmClock	POS	5	a excellent alarm clock . easy to set up and very reliable . good volume control . the only downside be that it do not receive the radio signal very well .
876	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy my westclox alarm clock on the island of diego garcia in 2000 . i have use it ever since . never a battery change , although it be probably due .
311	AlarmClock	POS	4	small cube when you clap turn on it s a baterry saver very clean like it so far so good classic
862	AlarmClock	POS	4	overall a very good clock that be easy to use and compact . one draw back - it be not backlit so see time in the dark be impossible -lrb- it do have a backlight button -rrb- .
509	AlarmClock	POS	5	i do not really understand some of the negative review regard this product . it be light and compact ... you can take it with you on trip and just play it with battery . there be twenty different sound , and quite frankly some of they be unnecessary if you be look for relax sound -lrb- such as city , heartbeat , steam train , and thunderstorm -rrb- , but there be plenty of relax sound as well . you can play the sound indefinitely , or you can set it to run for 15 , 30 , 45 , or 60 minute . as a bonus , you can plug it in and it can act as a clock and alarm as well . when you consider the price and all that you get , this be a really good deal . i be buy another one .
909	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a great clock for any little guy . my son -lrb- 7 year old -rrb- love get this for christmas . it move just like a lego figure . you just pop he on the head and the time light up . too cute and fun !!
682	AlarmClock	POS	4	after spend quite a long time shopping on-line and in the store -lrb- i return two travel clock after get they home -rrb- , i purchase this travel clock . it be very inexpensive , extremely easy to use -lrb- no manual necessary -rrb- , and work very well . the alarm be neither too loud nor too soft , it do not collapse when open -lrb- like two other travel alarm i purchase -rrb- , it be make of lightweight plastic -lrb- reasonably durable -- very sturdy compare to some three time the price -rrb- , have a unlimited 4-minute snooze feature , and light up when the snooze button be depress . it would have be nice if the number stay light at night and the lighting feature be extremely dim , at best . nevertheless , it be very lightweight and measure only 3-1\/2 '' x 2-1\/2 '' x 1\/2 '' -- can fit anywhere , even in a pocket . the only other possible downside be that it use a 1.5 v button battery instead of a standard aa or aaa . nevertheless , i like it enough to use it at night in place of the abrasively loud alarm clock i previously use , which my kid have nightmare about .
748	AlarmClock	POS	4	i need something for my office desk , because the person who control the office thermostat do not believe my office run 3-5 degree warmer than the office right next to mine . now i have proof ! the indiglo be a bonus and the display size be just right so i can read the time from across the room . what a find ! i be thrill !
385	AlarmClock	POS	5	i absolutely love this alarm . i be one of those people who sleep so soundly that i can hit snooze or even turn my alarm off without even know it . i buy this alarm because it have a vibrate feature , but i be pleasantly surprise about two other feature . first , there be flash light that help you wake up . second , you have the ability to change the tone of the alarm . i love this feature ! i have always avoid the buzzer on most alarm because the tone be so annoying . this alarm let i change it so i can use the buzzer . one thing to be warn about : you can not turn off the flash light . i do not mind that . i like the light . but , i can imagine it would be annoy for some people .
773	AlarmClock	POS	5	buy it . i have have one of these for year . superb timekeeping , long-lasting battery . the light be a bit dim , but adequate . i use it at home and for travel . a trusty friend .
390	AlarmClock	POS	4	clock work but i have to remove and reinsert battery to get the indiglo -lrb- which be very bright -rrb- and alarm to work - weird . alarm could be a little louder at peak level -lrb- alarm last 1 minute -rrb- . for the money , tough to beat . recommend unless you be a heavy sleeper .
602	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be recommend by techno beaver , baba booey on the howard stern show . just like he tell boff , `` i just plug it in , and it set the time automatically '' . i be go to get a fancy clock radio , but after techno beaver 's two cent , i reconsider and buy this one . thanks , baba booey !
524	AlarmClock	POS	5	problem free for the year i have own it . compact so it be great for travel . easy to set time , alarm time , etc. . i would buy this item again .
538	AlarmClock	POS	5	the clock can be very loud if you turn the tone up or a manageable tone for the normal person . the vibrator work fantastic and both should be able to wake up anybody .
950	AlarmClock	POS	4	this sound machine alarm clock work great and have a good variety of sound to choose from . some of the sound be a little strange like the fog horn , but to each be own . the only thing that could be change be the brightness on the clock . you can turn down the brightness , but not enough .
255	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this clock to replace the one i have have for the past 10 or so year because the alarm stop work . after read the review for this latest model , i be expect the worst . but all part be in good work order and when the flash light go off this morning , i be pleasantly surprise to see it be light blue in color -- kinda like the sky at dawn . hopefully this one will have a long life like my previous one -lrb- which i relegate to the guest bathroom where it can be use solely as a clock . -rrb-
415	AlarmClock	POS	4	in the photo , this clock look blue . it be in fact , black , not blue as picture . not enough reason -lrb- quite -rrb- to return it , but disappointing . the dial do glow nicely when it be dark if put into auto mode , or when the snooze button be hold down . it be slightly bigger than i expect , but not a great deal . i like the fact that the alarm start quite subtly , and get louder and faster in stage . it be on the softer side , for a alarm , which i prefer , but if you be a heavy sleeper , it may not work for you . the dial glow be quite green , but not horribly bright . not nearly as bright as my cellphone , for example .
811	AlarmClock	POS	5	first , i want to say that you should \* always \* have a battery-powered travel alarm clock in you luggage , with a spare battery . this be one of those basic must-haves for travel . i have stay at hotel which provide no clock at all . some have a clock with no alarm . some have a plug-in clock , and then the power go out . some have a really complex clock that you can not figure out how to set the alarm on ! by always have one with you , you be sure that you wake up on time and keep track of you schedule . there be plug-in one , but you have the problem of converter in foreign country , of find a outlet that be usefully near the bed , and again of power outage . it be much better to go with a battery power one . i like the fold-up design of this one . when it be shut , the display and button be all protect . you luggage can go through the most gorilla-like of baggage claim system and come out unscathed . the unit be very easy to use . a simple slider set the alarm on or off , and you get a visual indicator when it be on . you slide another lever to set the alarm or time . there be a snooze button which also turn on the light temporarily . you can set the hour and minute separately , which be a great improvement over system that make you cycle slowly through 23 hour to wrap around to the time you want . down side ? well , it be cheap plastic - but then again that make it really light . i really wish it be in a always-lit state for late night glance , but that would probably drain the battery quickly . so i think in general it be a great unit for the price . i have use it for quite a while and it be always come in handy . even the time i have not need it , it be be nice to know it be there in the corner of the bag
371	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be exactly what i want . the large illuminated number be bright and easy to read in the night .
719	AlarmClock	POS	5	my mother want a clock with number she could see at night . the extra large number , the largest i could find , be very clear from across the room to she . it be use also as a sort of `` night light '' to see about the room if she have to get up in the night . you also have the option of dim the number if it seem too bright for you . easy to set alarm , and shut off which she love . at a very reasonable cost it be a perfect gift for the senior citizen or anyone who have difficulty see .
522	AlarmClock	POS	5	you have get to love this alarm clock . it be definitely a conversational piece . this be the second one i buy , they work great and be a refreshing change from plain old alarm clock .
352	AlarmClock	POS	4	without the vibration thing attach , i still sleep through this alarm ... quite frequently . it be really cute , but if you be buy it to wake a really deep sleeper then maybe we be both better off buy scream meanie ; i think that be what i be go to end up do , actually ... there be a lot of plus with this alarm clock , though . the fact that you can change the alarm tone 's pitch be pretty awesome , because i do better with higher pitched alarm . most alarm today be pretty low pitch . and the vibrate thing help to wake you up if the alarm alone do not cut it , but girl beware , you husband will pick on you about it . like the title of my review say , depend on how deep you sleep and personal preference .
312	AlarmClock	POS	4	nice compact little clock good for travel . alarm be reliable and backup light good for room with little light -lrb- like inside cabin on a cruise ship -rrb- .
41	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock leave out all the nonsense , and do exactly what you need it to do . different alarm time for each day of the week , a absolute must for sleep in on the weekend , or for hold a second job . i prefer this one over the executive , as i can not sleep with a bright display light up my whole room . the design truly be well think out , and so simple to understand and intuitive ... it be one of the better alarm clock i have ever own . i would recommend it to friend and family , for anyone with a weekend job , or just look for a great clock . -lrb- ... -rrb- as a side note , this company be american , but the clock be build in china .
460	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love the look of this clock and it keep perfect time . it sit on my computer desk and i can see that big ol light up dial from across the room . i have never use the alarm function so i can not comment on that ...
561	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this for my child to use at camp and while travel . it be so easy and convenient that she be also use it at home and have take responsibility for be on time .
954	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be a use one but you would never know it . it come in perfect condition . it be just what i need for my night stand & just the style i be look for . can not beat the price of $ 2.99 plus shipping . i be very happy with it .
888	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be the best product , it actually work and as a add bonus it cut down on morning surliness -lrb- even among the hormonally challange -rrb- . i have no doubt in my mind that this alarm clock will save the sanity of mom everywhere and will probably save a few marraige too !!
586	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be amazing . the 4 minute snooze be also good because otherwise i would just fall back asleep . the light be good and basically everything ! i buy this for $ 5.99 wait until it drop to that price !
576	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have a really hard time wake up to a conventional alarm clock , regardless of if i get my 8 hour of sleep . i have be late to work and class due to sleep through the alarm or turn it off in my sleep . with the sonic boom alarm clock , i do not even need the sound to wake up . the vibration wake i up right away and the snooze button on the sweetheart version be a little tough to find in the half-asleep stage so i have to be awake to snooze it or turn it off . it be a bit lightweight but for i it serve its purpose . the vibration apparatus just plug into the alarm clock -lrb- leave the option of use it or not -rrb- , and it have a pretty decent size cord -lrb- well , maybe 3-4 ft -rrb- . the beeping option be possible to be a range of different pitch and volume to fit you need , include very loud and high pitch . i highly recommend this product for people who have a hard time wake up to conventional alarm clock .
236	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have a daugher who wear hearing aid and can not hear a regular alarm clock . this one be great ! we turn the siren off -lrb- b\/c it will wake the whole house -rrb- and the light and bed vibrator wake she up with no problem . she love the pink heart to .
662	AlarmClock	POS	5	buy this product because it show 2 different time zone so you can set it such that it show the time where you be and where you be love one be when you be travel or live in other part of the world . have not use it as a alarm yet . it be small and do not weigh much and easy to put on you nightstand for example .
247	AlarmClock	POS	4	i would be look for a small alarm clock that do not appear to have be design in 1983 . pro : small , cool design , several smart feature , include `` alarm check '' which let you easily check if you alarm be set properly . good alarm volume . con : no brightness setting . a little too easy to accidentally snooze -- `` off '' be right next to `` snooze . '' design be a little bit more `` dorky '' than cool . 7-day setting can be annoying to set up at first , especially if you do not need different time every day . no big deal , though . i like it .
979	AlarmClock	POS	5	excellent clock , keep time , get i up on time and i can read it in the middle of the night without any problem .
408	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a nice little alarm clock . the button to set the time and alarm could be a little bigger .
831	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a great little clock . i have have three , give away one `` new in the box , '' or `` nib , '' be order another to have on hand when the spirit move i to pass it on to someone . i be kind of a time freak , so i have get one in my bathroom , another in the family room , and a much larger `` atomic '' wall clock right over my pc . ok , its not atomic . it be digital , and it receive radio signal from a us station that tell it what time it be . you never need to set it . could not set it if you try . once you have feed it a aa battery , set it up accord to the instruction , and wait several hour some evening , it will display the exact time , to the minute . if you be willing to wait up to 59 seconds , you can get the exact time to the second , when the minute display role over to the next minute . yes , you can fold it up , pack it into you baggage , and set it up at you destination . but , if you travel take several day , and if you destination lodging have thick wall and few window , it may not pick up a signal . take it camping ... no problem unless it rain on it , or a bear eat it . and , it pretty much have to be in the usa , although i bet part of canada , and maybe even northern mexico , can pick up the signal , too . bad part ? the part that make i give it only four star ? set it up be a pita . yes , the instruction be indeed print right on the clock ... on the inside of the lid , which fold back to be the underside of the base . hard to read when you be set the clock use the button on the back of the clock , and watch the display on the front of the clock . also , everything require multiple button push of specific button ... one push too few , and you do not get what you want . one push too many , and you have to start over . try to set the clock while read the instruction off of the base be a loser . oh yes , you can set it up for 12 hour time , or for navy time : right now it be `` 22:43 '' on `` mo 9.21 '' that be 10:43 pm on monday , september 21st , for you land lubber . the url for the clock 's instruction be cleverly print right on the back of the clock . no , not the base , the back of the clock , right on the battery door . my suggestion be to go to this url :  and decide if you be sufficiently endowed with the necessary button push skill . if so , print out the instruction and then order the clock ! its a doozy ! as for battery , i would use a common nicad aa to set it up the first tim . when that die , or be die , put in a lithium cell . that way you will only have to set it once every couple of year .
285	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be really glad i order this clock . the light flash several minute before the alarm go off . i usually wake up to that . there be many different option on the alarm . it be face be always light up so you can see the time if you awake during the night , but not too bright to light up the room . i be very picky with clock and i absolutley love this clock .
587	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm clock be wonderful . my wife hate wake up to my phone vibrate on my night stand , so she think she would like a more natural approach , such as a sunrise . i personally do not think it would be that great , but , it be . it start with red light , slowly fading in to bright white light . what would seem merely for aesthetics , maybe underestimate . red light be much softer on the eye than white , so a logical gradient between the two would produce a gentle awakening . plus , wake up due to a light source naturally stimulate the brain -lrb- and in turn , the pineal gland -rrb- to reduce the amount of melatonin present in the brain . this all translate into a more natural , gentle awakening . pro : gentle awaken adjustable sunrise length radio build in really bright bulb con : my wife turn the radio to country . overall , this be a great unit at a great price , give the fact that it wake up naturally and without the racing heart . if you be a `` snoozer '' like i and be always set it half a hour ahead of when you really need up , just simply lengthen the sunrise time .
671	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be perfect for travel . i have not use the alarm function yet , but it work fine , and in the dark , the florescent kick in . neat look clock that fit on my window sill .
738	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this for my sister , who could seemingly sleep through anything . it be very cute , which she love about it . i would not say that it be louder than a traditional alarm clock , but by change the pitch higher it can be much more annoying . she put the bed shaker under she pillow and say that be enough to wake she up . this get 5 star for be the only thing that wake she up in the morning -lrb- ok , 4 star for that and 1 for cuteness -rrb- .
913	AlarmClock	POS	5	when i be look at the different dawn simulator type alarm clock , i be really discourage by the price of all of they . i do not want something too cheap nor too expensive or more than what i need . i do some research on different one 's and make a choice between the sunrise one and this one . i find a video about the sunrise one and the white noise feature seem cool , but i like the sound of the little fan i have better and i also do not have to worry about the speaker go bad for the white noise -lrb- i find this out through other review -rrb- . also the sunrise one be huge ! way to big if you have a small night stand . so i go with the soleil -lrb- which i think be still high for a simple alarm clock -rrb- . i could not stand my regular one with the loud buzz sound to wake i up with my heart racing and breathing like i just run a marathon ! i hate wake up like that ! this one be much `` nicer '' to a light sleeper . as far as the other review about it not be bright enough : do you want a spotlight in you face ? -lrb- rhetorical ? -rrb- it will light up bright enough for a easy awakening . my only problem be the green display light . i prefer red , because red do not effect the diolation of the eye , but this be a small problem . as far as the radio , it be obviously not a frickin boom box but it be good enough . and the optional beeping sound be good but the way i sleep it be more than enough so i do not even use it . the light be enough to get i up . overall this alarm clock be awesome ! great size , the security feature be cool , the sunrise\/sunset be awesome too , and just read the instruction and play with it a bit and it be very easy to use . i would recommend this -lrb- of course if they really be a light sleeper -rrb- .
995	AlarmClock	POS	5	the clock be very cute . the snooze button be in a great place , and the increase volume of the alarm be something helpful to most people . good buy , quick service .
765	AlarmClock	POS	5	this thing will wake you up even if you will not wake up for a fire drill . the vibrater be great because of the long wire . the rainbow color number will get you you friend want it too ! it light up the night . the light be kind of bright , so if you use a night light the alarm clock will probably be use as the night light . but if you be use to a dark room , you room be go to be a bit brighter than usual . but i be personaly impress with the alarm clock .
266	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a great new product . it be so soothing to listen to and relax you to sleep . the initial set up be as easy as abc . i absolute  the sharper image ec-b100 sound soother alarm clock
12	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be look for a digital clock that i could see from about 60 foot . i help lead worship at church and speak often too , so we need a clock that be visible from a distance . this clock have large , large red number -lrb- 2.5 inch high -rrb- and can be see even by someone with nearsightedness like i . even though it be not make for the purpose of which i be use it , it work great !
168	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have own two of these for year , they have take a lot of abuse -lrb- we have two small boy -rrb- and still work great . yes , the alarm setting can be off by a bit , but consistently by the same amount . so once you figure out by how much , you can easily make the correct adjustment . a small inconvenience in my opinion , consider the cost and overall quality - they do keep the time accurately . also , a nice snooze and crescendo feature , not too annoying but loud enough . all in all , a great value . update 1\/09 change of feature : i just get another one , and notice they no longer have the snooze and crescendo feature . will see if the reliability be the same as before .
33	AlarmClock	POS	4	it would work on a bedside table . however , i want to set it on a shelf , and you can not read the time if you be look up at it , because of the way the base proturde , this can not be adjust . i just unpack it and i be send it back .
668	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm clock be great because it be simple to operate , and can be set to alarm at a different time each day of the week .
426	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love the clock . i buy it to replace one i have at the end of we family room that have digital number that be 5\/8 '' high . even with new correct prescription glass , i be have trouble read the number on the old digital clock . this clock , no problem ! i could read these number half a football field away . however , i find after a couple of day and evening , there be something about the clock that be annoying i . at first i could not figure out what it be . then i realize what be bug i . it be the constantly flash colon . it seem so domineering . it be like it be demand you attention . there be no way to turn it off . but i find a `` work-around '' and what a difference ! i trim two small piece of black electrical tape and very carefully put they over the colon so the colon disappear and you can still see all of the number segment just fine . now it be great ! not nearly as intrusive . maybe the flash colon will not bother you , but if it do , now you have a solution . i be very happy with it now !
540	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be the best small and loud battery alarm clock available , and i have try most of they . you will not go wrong .
657	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be so nice when you buy a product for a need use and it be a lot better than you expect !! my wife could not see a small clock at night without she glass -- well , that be not a problem any longer ! this work perfect , look great , easy to operate and doesnt take up too much space . the battery back up use a 9 volt battery be a very nice feature . no , you cant tell time when the power be off , the battery keep time until the power come back on and the clock have the correct time . this be true with all battery back up , the battery can not power the light display . if you need a really big number clock this be it ! i search a long time and there be a lot of smaller number clock out there but no other with 2.5 inch . doesnt sound that big til you see it , wow . dimmer work great also . do you search , there be bigger display available for 2-3 hundred dollar . this clock at 15.00 -- 20.00 be a real bargain and even have a full year warranty . try it , you will like it .
619	AlarmClock	POS	5	simple travel alarm clock be get difficult to find . the elgin travel alarm clock be great ! it be very similar to a timex travel alarm clock i have have for year , but be finally fail after many year of use in all environment . if you want a travel alarm clock that be simple to set and use , and have a light\/snooze feature that be very useful , the elgin travel alarm clock be the one for you ! additional information -lrb- or ... do not make the same mistake i make before find the elgin clock -rrb- i buy a different brand from a local store -lrb- btw , travel alarm clock be almost non-existent in store , now -rrb- , for a business trip to sweden , and also for camping in the summer . it be lcd , with a stylus for setting . the main attraction be that it advertise time zone functionality . it be so incredibly difficult to change setting , and the character and icon be so small you could barely see they . it also turn out it only cover north america timezone . that clock be now in a garbage dump somewhere in sweden !
150	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm clock be just what we be look for - easy to use and have a small footprint on we nightstand . it would easily fit in you pocket or a purse . when close , it measure just under 2 1\/2 `` w x 3 1\/2 `` l x 5\/8 `` d. it come with a `` button '' battery , rather than the more easy to replace aa or aaa battery . since we have no idea how long the battery will last , we decide to just buy a new battery and keep it on hand in the nightstand drawer . the energizer model be 357\/303 -lrb- also #ag 13 , lr44 , exp76 -rrb- . these battery be sell at hardware store , radio shack , etc. .
19	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have use this clock for a few month now . its great . its the little thing like the ease of set the nap timer or use the snooze . some guy say this clock gain time . that a little true after 5 month it gain 3 minute . not a problem .
678	AlarmClock	POS	4	i purchase this for my son for christmas . . as he have trouble fall asleep . what a great device ... every nite he be able to choose a different sound , but find the ocean the easiest and quickest way to fall asleep . would definitely recommend !
709	AlarmClock	POS	5	exactly what i want and need for a unbelievably low cost . you do not have to be a computer specialist or even know what `` digital '' mean to use it . thank heaven i now have one thing which my grandaughter do not have to put together or set in motion for i .
674	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a great travel alarm ! it be exactly what i be look for . it be tiny -lrb- 2 1\/2 '' x 1 3\/4 '' x 1\/2 '' -rrb- and the alarm be loud -lrb- i sleep with ear plug , so i need something to wake i through they -rrb- . however , i can not imagine it would be too loud for those who do not . it be very easy to set and the night light be bright . and the price be right . i be very , very satisfied .
146	AlarmClock	POS	4	i really like this clock\/sound machine . there be one big problem . the volume control control both the sound -lrb- ocean tide , summer night , etc. -rrb- and the alarm volume . so if you want to have the soothing sound lull you to sleep at night at a low volume -lrb- which i can not imagine want it very loud -rrb- then the alarm volume be the same and will probably not wake you up . sad defect for a otherwise fine item .
594	AlarmClock	POS	4	first , i love this clock . i love that there be no cord and that it do not light up until you push the top button to see the time in the dark . the only downfall be that it initially get we time-zone correct at my office and then change itself to a incorrect time-zone when i take it home ... the weird thing be that we be no where near the time-zone its display . so , when we look at the clock - we know to add a hour for the actual time . a little annoying , but i would still purchase again as this seem like a minor flaw that we have learn to work around .
51	AlarmClock	POS	5	buy this clock at fred meyers tonight on sale . $ 7.99 . if it hold up , it will make a good travel clock . the alarm be just loud enough , and annoying enough to wake one up if they go to bed sober . the pic show the light but you need to `` pinch '' the button to make it lite up . it have control for each select option . but not fore and back , so if you go past just keep go . but i buy it so i could see the time . my xm radio time be only 6 mm high so i need something else this 25 mm display be what i need . and when the power go out it will wake i because it do not give up till the button be hit .
846	AlarmClock	POS	4	i dig the clock ! easy to read and straight forward . i be look for a small clock to put in my bathroom . i like modern , retro or sleek design in general and this fit the bill . i do not realize it be sound activate when i buy it , but it lend to the simple look of it . i have to laugh when i flush the toilet and it turn on .
140	AlarmClock	POS	5	i get one of these westclox travelmate folding alarm clocks for college . it come with i around europe and back again and 10 year later -lrb- i think i replace the battery twice during that time -rrb- the snooze\/light button finally break -lrb- it still work as a clock ! -rrb- . i do some research , think that there must be a slightly more technologically advanced alarm clock that i would prefer ; however , in the end weigh increase cost and mediocre review i decide to go with the alarm clock i know and could trust . i love that i can fold it up and put it in my suitcase without worry it 'll break and that it be so easy to set -lrb- though perhaps it might be nice if you could go up and down instead of just up when change the setting -rrb- and to use . i hope this one last another 10 year ! \* update : a year later , this alarm clock start shift time , oddly the time itself would be correct , but if i set the alarm for 8am , the alarm part would reset itself , generally in the pm , and not at regular interval -lrb- e.g. , sometimes 5pm , sometimes 1pm -rrb- . i contact acehardwareoutlet , who be very understand and send i a replacement . it just arrive , so here 's hope !
277	AlarmClock	POS	5	original review 2007 : what a great surprise ! i order this simply to have a clock in the bedroom that could be read in the dark without glass ... and that be exactly what i get , but much much more ! i plug this guy in and it show the correct time ! check the instruction pamphlet -lrb- actually print large enough to read ! -rrb- and find that this clock will automatically keep up with the correct time and automatically reset for change to daylight savings and back ! this be great for i because we have a lot of clock and get they all change twice a year be a real chore ... especially the one that require two button push at once or whatever . i have be buy expensive atomic clock simply to get rid of this problem , but this one be much better than a atomic , where you have to diddle with get good reception and then wait while it update ... sometimes overnight ! this little guy be program for all time zone , just flip a well label switch on the back to select yours ... not a menu , a good old switch that you just have to change one time ! what a great invention ... i hope all clock will adopt this system . no worry about power outage , no problem if you be move ... just unplug it and plug it in at you new location ... it keep time while it be unplugged ! and as far as be readable in the dark , the number be so big it be almost scarey when you look at it at night ... 10 star ! i 'll get back with a update if i discover any problem or failure . update after one year of use . 1 . this clock have never fail to show the correct time and have never fail to alarm properly , even in my rural area where power blip be a norm . 2 . one reviewer say there be no way to change the time if it be wrong ... that be incorrect ! 3 . one reviewer can not figure how the clock know what time it be ... well obviously it be set initially in the factory ... but probably the reviewer be just joking . it be set up and maintain its setting with a small battery which be rate `` up to 5 year '' durability . 4 . another reviewer pull the battery and say this ruin he clock ... can not imagine why he would pull the battery in the first place , but i do know there be instruction for do this . do note that the clock itself be the plug-in type ... it only use the battery to power the memory\/setup chip . after a year of use , this be still my favorite clock and i get mad every time i have to change battery on my atomic clock because they be such a hassle and i pay over twice as much for they . this be the one to buy . i be look for chaney to come out with one that can show i the outdoor temperature as well and i 'll scrap all my junky atomic .
640	AlarmClock	POS	5	great !! bigger than i think . the dot : colon in the middle do not flash . the clock have the correct time when i plug it in . i love this product . easy to see at night . i only want a clock so i have not use the alarm feature and be not sure f it make a good alarm . excellent night time clock !
478	AlarmClock	POS	5	when i receive the item , i be surprised how much i like it . this item make a great conversation piece !
610	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a awesome product ! mega alarm power in a very cute clock . i have purchase two so far for both my girl who tend to oversleep . the clock plus the vibrate pillow attachment guarantee that they 'll wake up on time . its easy to use and you can adjust the sound and vibration to you liking .
970	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a replacement for my previous atomic clock which die after about 4 year . i expect another 4 year of reliable service from this one . so far , it look really good .
776	AlarmClock	POS	4	i cover the display light by add a peice of dark nylons under the plastic film that it come with . work for i .
318	AlarmClock	POS	5	great product , perfect condition , fast shipping ! get the product for my brother and he will love it ! it be very cool for star war fan !
160	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this for my parent -lrb- 88 and 95 -rrb- so they can see the time easily when they wake up at night . it have many other feature but they just like the very large number and the strong elimination .
887	AlarmClock	POS	4	love the feature of this clock ! i travel a lot on pet-sitting job stay in other ' house , & have learn the hard way to bring my own clock . i have to have one that be absolutely silent and that i could easily see at night . this fit the bill with it be sweep second hand & it be adjustable brightness back-light via a turn wheel on the back . my only problem be the stupid design of the ` cut-out ' hour & minute hand . unless i have the adjustable back-light on full brightness , -lrb- a little too bright for i to sleep -rrb- i could barely make out the hand since there be not enough contrast . -lrb- i have near perfect vision , and do not need to use glasses\/contacts , so that be not a factor -rrb- . i think about have a jeweler replace the hand , but i end up fix it myself . i take off the plastic face plate and , use some black electrical tape cut to size , put the tape piece over the hand . tweezers come in very handy do this -lrb- & a steady hand -rrb- , but it be not too hard . i just have to make sure i get the placement right the first time , since try to rip the tape back off could damage the hand . now it be perfect for i . i would have give this clock a 5-star have i not need to work on it . fyi it run on 3 aa battery , keep accurate time , be 4 1\/2 '' tall . if elgin ever make a smaller ` travel size ' one , i would get that too !
401	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this clock for my vanity sink . it be just the right size and it go perfectly with the faucet . it look pretty stirdy consider the price .
284	AlarmClock	POS	5	this small cd player have wonderful sound quality , and everything on it work as describe .
634	AlarmClock	POS	5	everything work as advertise . . only con might be need by a window for it to reset via satellite . i be very happy and the solar power seem fine so far .
521	AlarmClock	POS	5	easy to use . good quality so far . a quiet clock at night . the alarm be loud enough . overall a good bedside alarm clock for the price .
797	AlarmClock	POS	4	the good : sound be fantastic - provide a assortment of sound from foghorn , to train , to city street , to the rainforest and everything in between . i personally listen to rain every night . the sound obviously repeat but you can not tell unless you memorize the minor effect -lrb- for instance with the fire crackle - if you remember one part have two crackle than a pop - you will hear it again and realize it be repeat -rrb- . the bad : if there be a power outage and the power come back on - it will not work . i have to unplug it again to get it to work . on two separate occasion , we have a power outage and the clock have come back on . i have go to use it and silence . i can press the sound and the volume but nothing happen ; however , if i unplug it and plug it back in - it work . the ugly : the screen be bright ! there be a dimmer to turn up and down the light but even the lowest setting be very bright ! i have to turn it away from i to sleep . also , do not have anything with a radio frequency near it or it will pick it up . i have to watch my cell phone and baby monitor and keep they as a safe distance . very easy to use , very easy to set the clock , and provide soothing sound that blend perfectly with the background .
879	AlarmClock	POS	5	i just buy this for a friend . i have the white version of this clock , and this cheap , simple little thing have be wake i up on time for the past 14 year . it be still tick . could not tellyou when last i change the battery . the battery last pretty long before it die . i change it before that happene . anyways , it be the best and the cheapest . i can not understand the digital stuff , and i do not trust they . i will stick to the basics . simplicity equal less headache !
858	AlarmClock	POS	5	this scanner be one that all those who be interested in scanner should seriously think about get . first , it allow for so much more than only police and fire scanning . you can read the manual -lrb- available for download at the time of this writing -rrb- aand see all the feature . i be write this review to talk about the ease of use , from the stand-point of someone who have limit mobility and have a disability . the button on this unit be easy to press . the dial be also easy to turn . it also be very easy to set up . it be set up for i in about 1 minute .
552	AlarmClock	POS	4	just buy this very same travel clock for $ 6.75 plus tax at my local hardware store . have not try it yet ... hence only 4 star .
813	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be the look of the clock that first catch my attention . it be very unusual and it be also small for those of we with limited space . the time be easy to read as it be large , red , and digital . all the button be on the back so you do not have to do a surface check every time you want to set it . the snooze button be on the top and be smaller than some other , but it work for i . the sound be very clear and pleasant . my alarm clock use to be my worst enemy , not anymore .
169	AlarmClock	POS	5	i like the : 1 -rrb- easy to read display 2 -rrb- alarm reset - single button turn off alarm and reset it for next day and it be easy to find 3 -rrb- easy to use 4 -rrb- display pm & alarm on 5 -rrb- single buttom to list to noaa weather 6 -rrb- look good , but if you be up very close have a bit of a paint on finish appearence - the finish could be better . 7 -rrb- single alarm - most radio alarm clock have two alarm , but as i never use that feature and it cause confusion on what i be set more than once , i very much like that there be only one alarm . 8 -rrb- pick up am , fm , and weather great - i be in a city . 9 -rrb- great price - i prefer this radio to my almost new ... radio that it be replace !
134	AlarmClock	POS	4	the alarm clock be fine . all plastic but good quality . there be a couple of led on each side of the lcd screen that serve as backlighting , they vary in color depend on what model you get -lrb- i.e. darth vader glow red , storm trooper glow yellow -rrb- . it be a real shame the only sound this thing emit be a generic alarm clock sound . it would have be great if they include just a couple of star wars theme effects\/alarms .
173	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this clock for my mother who be now 84 and cope with macular degeneration . she love it and say it be easy to see . autumn 2010 : mom have to go into a nursing home last year , alas , but the clock still continue to function as it should . still a good buy here . 2012 : still work and still remarkably accurate .
380	AlarmClock	POS	5	the other review make i think some of these might be lemon ... because mine be the best clock i have ever have . set automatically , within 10 seconds , if you unplug it and take it elsewhere . the alarm start out soft and over time become incredibly loud . big display , bright -lrb- but definitely not enough to read by , that be silly -rrb- . love it .
201	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love this alarm clock . okay , first off , let i say that no , i be not deaf , but when i sleep , i sleep like the dead . a regular alarm will not wake i . with a regular alarm , i 'll get up , turn it off , go back to sleep , and have no memory whatsoever of even leave my bed . : o -rrb- this little peach of a clock ... there be no tuning it out ! i have it on the lower volume setting ... and let i tell you , my neighbor know what time i get up . that in combination with the bed shaker be fantastic . the bed shaker really wake i up the best , i think . it be not horribly irritating , but it be enough so that my body know `` hey , we have to actually wake up now ! '' overall , if you be hard to wake up , this be a great alarm clock for you ! not to mention , how cute be this little clock , be i right ?! this be hand down the best alarm clock i have have , and well worth the $ 36 i spend on it . it be be work great for month , i have not have a single problem ! i would definitely buy it again !
973	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be a heavy sleeper and work 2 job so every alarm clock i have buy i couldnt hear ... they either chirp or the alarm be very soft and i couldnt hear they to wake for work . so i be always try not to sleep to heavily when i do get to sleep which eventually start make i pretty miserable from lack of sleep ... until i find this alarm clock the sonic boom now i can fall asleep and this clock wake i right up its loud and the vibrate help alot as well . very good product !!!!! very good investment !!!!!
271	AlarmClock	POS	4	i like precise clock and watch , so when atomic time device become mainstream , i become addict to they . they be all over we house . i travel 45 week per year on business , so when i see this atomic travel alarm i buy it for 2 reason : 1 . -rrb- it set itself to the current atomic time from the official atomic clock in colorado , and 2 . -rrb- it have a adjustable snooze alarm -lrb- which be rare in a portable travel alarm clock -rrb- . it work great , be accurate to the second , and set itself on the road , no matter what time zone i be in . i be so impressed , i end up buy another one . my only complaint , if you can call they complaint , be that the snooze function be a little weird and make sure you have turn off the alarm completely can be tricky in the dark . in order to `` hit '' the snooze , you have to push\/bend the top of the clock backwards against the resistance of the spring in the hinge of the stand . if the clock be on a slippery surface , you only end up slide the clock across the surface instead of activate the snooze . in order to turn the alarm off , it say to push any button on the clock . however , that only turn it off for 24 hour , when the alarm will go off again -lrb- sometimes on a saturday when it be a unwelcome surprise -rrb- . in order to make sure you have completely turn the alarm off , you have to find and push\/hold the actual alarm button itself a little longer , and in order to do that , i find that i have to turn on a light , find the right button , and make sure it have not reset itself for 24 hour from now . i think the snooze should be easier and turn off the alarm should definitely be easier , but once i get use to fumble around in the dark with it , i be still happily use it every week for travel .
367	AlarmClock	POS	5	love this little clock ! its so easy to set ! simple , easy to understand button on the front . i have get 3 travel type clock and this be my favorite !
214	AlarmClock	POS	4	i be study abroad in france , and need a very handy , light , alarm clock that work properly . it arrive in the time , i be tell it be go to arrive , and come with easy , straight-forward instruction . at first , i be a little worried because i be a very heavy sleeper , and need a a alarm clock whose alarm can accommodate that . on a test run , the alarm seem too weak , however , when i actually set it to wake i up one morning , the alarm work fine . i wake up . it be be a month now , and it still wake i up just fine and it show no sign of breaking . overall , i be happy with this alarm clock . also , let 's not forget , time be rough these day , especially for a student financially . this alarm clock be a cheap , great buy .
946	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have always have problem wake up to alarm clock ... i be a extremely deep sleeper . i use my iphone , ipad , i pod , cell phone , and two other alarm clock . this be a outstanding product ! it wake i up just like i be hope it would . it be extremely loud and even have a vibrate attachment . fair warning : i would not recommend put it under you pillow like some people do because it get very hot . i put the vibration attaachman on the nightstand and it work remarkably . it make a even louder noise . finally something that work !
627	AlarmClock	POS	5	one of a variety of star wars character lego clock that i have purchase ... the stormtrooper be pretty cool . press he head down and the clock backlight light up the lcd screen . this be a yellow color and a bit disappointing . the armor be not quite right in color - it could be a bit whiter . my wife do not agree with i , she prefer the off white color - and my mate reckon the trooper must be base at tatooine . still , the trooper be pretty cool and a conversation starter .
982	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a great little clock . i use as a back up in case the power go out in my area and my main clock go dark , this one have save i more than once . it be so easy to set the time , and alarm exactly on schedule . it be travel size too .
546	AlarmClock	POS	5	didd not buy it for alarm purpose . bought it to keep time . and that , it do , oh so well . also have a very large screen for easier viewing . all in all , a good piece .
523	AlarmClock	POS	4	i do not need a alarm clock that will wake the dead and this one be just what i need . it be not too loud and not too soft on my ear . it be easy to set the time and the alarm and it do not take up too much space on my night stand . i like the fact that i do not have to deal with wire and power outage . some people may like a large clock , but not i .
357	AlarmClock	POS	5	i do not buy this for the alarm and i have not try it so i can not include that as part of my review . my sole purpose for buy this be for the large display as a clock . i have a very large living room and i can now see what time it be from any part of the room . as a clock it be fantastic !
579	AlarmClock	POS	4	i order the identiflyer singing alarm clock after read the customer review which be very informative and mostly favorable about the clock . the first clock have to be return to the supplier . bird sing , but no time dial display . call the company and they send a new clock in 2 day . happy to report : bird be singing and can now see the time of day . very satisfy with excellent service .
986	AlarmClock	POS	5	excellent product . works just like advertise . no problem purchase and receive this item .
288	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it would be one thing if the button be big enough for even petite finger or if the light be really very bright to notice or even if the clock keep proper time - but it do not ! i receive this item as a gift and be shock the sticker price . i have have the clock a few year now and have be itch to get rid of it . i have to continually reset the time - every 6 week i find it be get ten minute faster so i either set my alarm ahead or range back through the number to set the time correctly or to correct it the next month again . the radio be cheap and difficult to tune . i need a sunrise clock but at this point i be think of get a `` vacation '' timer for my bedside lamp and just set that instead . what a bother .
558	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this be the second time i buy a alarm clock from amazon -lrb- i love amazon , do not get i wrong , i really in the hundred of thing i have order , only have problem on a few occasion , and they always rectify it -rrb- that be garbage . i be desperately look for something not make in china , which be pretty impossible . the first time i let it go ... but because the first one i order be not reliable , because some time it do not go off , and i desperately need to wake up very early in the am for training , as i be a athlete , so i buy this crappy one as back up . it doesn ; t work . i have try 8 set of brand new battery , i can barely read the time on it , it do not light up , the alarm do not go off ... do not buy this garbage !!!
143	AlarmClock	NEG	1	title say everything . i doubt it will last even a month . very cheap quality . do not deserve even single star .
368	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i might have get a defective unit but there be a audible hum that get louder as the backlight be turn brighter . not acceptable . nice look unit with some decent feature but this one be get return !
551	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this little alarm clock be ok but there be 2 main flaw with it . first and foremost i sleep deeply and snooze a lot before finally wake . this clock only allow 4 snooze , 4 minute apart , before the alarm just stop go off . also , when you have a travel alarm clock with a fold over cover like this please put a gap and a slight hole so the snooze button can be hit immediately without open the cover . my girlfriend have a alarm clock almost identical to this from timex that have long since be discontinue and it handle all these feature perfectly . you would think something so simple would be easy to find . hopefully they improve this one someday . in all other way the clock be great .
737	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock work ok - but be warn . the snooze button be right next to the off button . when you be half asleep , it be very easy to hit the off button instead of the snooze and miss you alarm . happen quite a few time until i figure it out . again when you be a hard sleeper - turn off the alarm by accident be easy .
68	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i see it in brookstone a few day ago and be totally sell on the idea of `` self-setting '' . well , that be actually not very true . pro : large display with adjustable level . the blue display also look a lot better than the usual green or red . the alarm be easy to use . it `` should '' be able to automatically adjust for daylight savings time . con : brookstone be intentionally vague about what they mean by `` self-setting '' . no , it do not connect to the us atomic clock as some reviewer say . it be merely pre-set in the factory , and sustain by the battery . if you look at they manual -lrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- you will understand why : if you `` reset '' the clock , it will not reset to the current time . i do not realize this until i be try out the feature and inadvertently change the original clock . i think by `` reset '' the clock it will adjust back automatically . nope . this be the feature that i think be worth the price tag , but now i just feel cheated . the clock do use a battery -lrb- pre-installed -rrb- . so it be not really `` self-setting '' . while it store the day\/month\/year info , there be no way to show they on the clock screen . and , it be a lot easier and more tempting to turn of the alarm than snooze : the button to turn it off be a lot taller than the snooze button . overall , it be not a bad one even if it be not really automatic . i just wish they be more straightforward about what it really be .
929	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i purchase this about two month ago , and it be a great alarm clock until recently . the speaker go out and can not be replace , and of course the seller will not do returns\/exchanges after the initial 30-day period , even though the merchandise be defective . it be a great alarm clock , especially for someone like i who have trouble wake up in the morning . i definitely would not have pay this much for it if i have know it would barely last two month !
536	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i expect the projection feature to be a bit better ... it be hard to see in term of brightness and size . also , i do not know if it be standard in these clock , but you can not change the direction of the projection , so that the projection can be upside-down or side-ways depend on where the clock be positioned relative to the bed . i have to put my clock away from the bed -lrb- too snooze happy -rrb- and so the projection be upside-down . sure , i can just look at the clock , but the projection thing seem kind of fun . also , i be a bit surprised at the size of the clock ... very bulky .
569	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i have use a travel alarm for year at home so that any potential power loss will not impact my get up in time for work . my trusty 30 + year old braun die a couple of month ago . this casio look like it have potential as a replacement . the ticking be so loud it keep i awake . when this sit on you bedside table it become all you can hear after a while . there seem to be no place in the room that be convenient and suppress the noise .
849	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i buy one , love it , play it all the time , use the alarm function to wake up . today , it be not work . nothing i can do to make the light come back on , make the alarm work again . if i touch a button , it come back on for a few seconds . battery be use for back up only so not sure why it be not work ! need another clock now ...
464	AlarmClock	NEG	2	my mistake , i do not look on dimension of this clock before i buy it . it be bulky , would be very nice piece of equipment if would be much smaller . besides , use two battery aa , first set be go completely after one month , i be late to work because of that . second set i have already two month look forward to have another unexpected oversleeping -lrb- my last alarm clock be go on one battery 1 year -rrb-
920	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy two of these clock . love they ... when they work . the retro look be fabulous but the alarm stop work on both within a few short month . for $ 40 + per clock ... not to mention the household name of westclox ... these clock be a huge disapointment . do not waste you money !!
716	AlarmClock	NEG	2	fine clock , work great , except the alarm be very very soft ... not a good alarm clock but a fine plain ole clock .
359	AlarmClock	NEG	1	unit be defective , only work for a few hour . that can happen occassionally though , right ? but i call and leave a voicemail with the company and do not ever receive a call back . overall not terribly impressed with the experience .
490	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i get this and it be light but it do not a feature to leave the light turn on . i find that this be not helpful . also , it look like you can not see am or pm when you set the alarm . that definitely do not help .
229	AlarmClock	NEG	2	buy this alarm clock for my daughter who be big dr. who fan . it look like a real dalek , but the quality be really cheap . the sound only work for a short time . it break after a few hour . now we only have the light effect . what be a alarm clock without a sound ? i will send it back tomorrow . poor quality for a lot of money .
295	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the picture of this jukebox alarm clock be a bit misleading . it be somewhat smaller than i expect and look like a cheap novelty toy . but since we decorate one of we guest room as `` the music room '' this fit right in . it be battery operate , which be a drawback for a alarm clock if you really depend on wake on time ! it do have provision for battery backup if the main battery die . the song it play be snippet of the original artist and be kinda fun .
363	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i loathe be abruptly awaken and really do not care for the look of most alarm clock . so i be excite to find this cute little clock that claim you `` waken to gentle light flash ' . well , it be not gentle . it be like a emergency vehicle be in you room . i guess the up side be that you do in fact awaken . but only one day of this and it be go back . guess i 'll have to settle for a ugly clock that do in fact , wake you with gently increase light . bummer .
899	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it be so small it do not bother i at all . if light really really bother you this may work . it be a lot of money for very little product . i now have a biobrite with white noise . i wish the biobrite have a radio instead of a beep backup , but i be not asleep by then anyway since the light have wake i up .
974	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy this clock because it be cheap , and realize the issue below : - do not have a indication on the main screen of what the alarm time be set to . you need to press a button and go back a forth to see that infomation . - beep everytime you press a button , so it disturb a partner if you be try to check the time during the night . - in the dark , very easy to screwup the time setting by press the wrong button -lrb- lower leave one -rrb- , that change the time zone . - do not have a easy to access light or alarm off button , to be access in the dark . i 'll have to be back shop for a better clock and spebd few more buck .
503	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i purchase the travel alarm specifically to have a time piece and wake-up mechanism for a 900 mile road trip at thanksgiving . the clock lose more than a minute per half hour , so i purchase a new battery . it still lose time . the alarm be so soft that i could barely hear it . i would have rate this chaney instruments sojourn lcd travel alarm clock zero star . the software would not accept that , so i give it one star . my fund be not well spend . on the bright side , it be light weight and not too flimsy .
396	AlarmClock	NEG	2	love how this clock look . but it do not keep time ... every week or so its behind twenty minute so i would not use it for alarm purpose . i be consider rebuy another one hope that one will keep time because i be attach to how it look in my little girl nursery . and yes , i have change the battery many time to no avail .
612	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this product sound good , but do not live up to its description . the clock run fast , and the radio be cheap . the built-in light be very small and dim . i get the converter to be able to use my own lamp in addition , and this provide enough light , but i still have 2 problem with it . first , the light increase be step-wise in seven level , not smooth . with my brighter light , the increase be noticeable and jolt i awake too fast . second , the alarm-light function on this clock do not work properly . for example , i set it to reach full light at 6:30 be on a 30 minute cycle . it start the cycle early , shut off the light completely at 6:15 , and turn it back on at full brightness again at 6:30 . not exactly a gradual waking process . i would not recommend this product at all . there be other much better product that do not cost that much more than this . go with one of they , you 'll be happier .
379	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i get this product with the optional module which turn on another lamp . that really help make the overall `` dawn '' usably bright , but the optional module stop work after about a year . the idea of wake to a light like sunrise work really well for i , but this product be cheaply make and another brand would likely be a better choice . the radio be very poor , i have to take it apart and pull the coil internal antenna wire out and drape it up the wall to get any reception - and i live in a major metro area with many strong station ! the scratchy reception may be more effective at annoy i awake than the light . the product could be really good with a infusion of better quality .
315	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy this as a alarm clock . i be sit on the edge of my bed wonder why my new alarm clock have not go off when i realize that it be go off . i have to pick the clock up just to be sure . this alarm be a joke . i have hear louder watch than this clock . beautiful big number and nice feature , but if you want to wake up skip this clock .
654	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have such great expectation for the alarm clock when i purchase it over a year ago . first of all it work fine . it sit nice and compact on my nightstand . however , it have too many little problem to make it worth the hassle . the alarm clock have too many battery to keep up with ; one for the analog and one for digital clock and the nature sound can be hear bleed through when the radio be play . its just slight but its annoying to i . its not worth the hassle or money .
845	AlarmClock	NEG	1	hve not try it at wakeup but can tell by testing i would sleep right through it . and i be not a real heavy sleeper . alarm only sound for about 30-45 sec . i would return but already throw away packaging not anticipate this problem . do flash red during the wakeup sound but if you asleep i do not think that be a big deal !
869	AlarmClock	NEG	1	neither of the alarm work ! we do not find out within the 30 day to return this back to amazon because i buy this 30 day before christmas and this be a christmas gift . i call colby because it do come with a limited warrant 1 year on part and 30 day on labor . therefore the labor will not be cover and ship to and from be not cover . the lady tell i that by the time i pay for labor and shipping - i might as well not even bother - just go purchase another . as you can imagine i be not happy about the situation . i would set the alarm -lrb- on any setting -rrb- and within 10 minute of set the alarm , i would hear a light static noise and the clock would lose its time - it would go to midnight and keep blinking .
810	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this clock gain about 5 minute every 4 day or so . i have a old digital plug-in clock that keep perfect time , but the alarm do not work . i buy this one for the alarm , but usually have to reset the time to match the old plug-in about twice a week . also , if it get drop or knock off the table , you have to reset the time . i have have 2 or 3 other clock of this type that keep perfect time , maybe gain a minute or two every 6 month . i would not buy another timex .
992	AlarmClock	NEG	1	we love the look of this clock , but it will simply stop run without warning . not slowly loose time . stop . get it 3 week ago and have put at least 4 different battery in it think they be dead . battery be all fine . they power other item . something be wrong inside . battery fit tight so it must be beyond where the battery go .
340	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the screen be only readable from a very high angle , almost right above . the light be nearly nonexistent . i be sure it keep time -- i just can not tell : p
13	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock look great but functionally it be terrible . a alarm clock main purpose be to wake you up . this clock have a quiet alarm that be on for 30 seconds and then the alarm turn off automatically never to sound again for that day . i purchase this for the time zone feature but the alarm be so poor i can not use it . it be waste money .
926	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i would not recommend this product . i purchase one and when i go to use it the cd player skip on every cd i try . it be extremely temperamental and would skip at the slightest movement ... even just i touch it to push the play button . the cd door be very cheap and do not feel like it close . i think maybe the one i buy be defective so i exchange it . no such luck ... the second one be even worse . i have the same problem as the first and then some . this one buzz when the power be turn off and stop buzz when the power be turn on . and , the `` clock set '' button would not work so i could not set the time . i have a coby portable dvd player as well which be not very old and the screen go off and on . needless to say i do not think i 'll be purchase another coby product in the future !
47	AlarmClock	NEG	2	for the first few month i own my shower radio i be quite pleased with the purchase . i receive very good radio reception -- as good as my clock radio . however , after about three month it stop work -lrb- i think the battery have run down -rrb- . i purchase new battery , but it no longer function . i do not notice anywhere that water have get into it ... and i keep it in a place above the showerhead so any water that would have be on it be mostly condensation . anyway ... i 'll not likely buy a cd player for my shower again and just stick to have one on the counter .
735	AlarmClock	NEG	1	when this item actually work , it be a dream !!! -lrb- no pun intend ... -rrb- but , the mere fact that it be so unreliable as to when it will work void the purpose of have a alarm clock of any sort in the first place . i too have experience -lrb- what i think be -rrb- the bulb burn out on my alarm clock , but realize after toy with it some more that the bulb be actually not burn out , that the machine itself be actually fail . i would take the bulb out , put it back in , jiggle it a bit , and then test it by run the ` lamp ' cycle , and it would illuminate . then it would continue to wake i up for a couple of day in a row , and then stop work again . this type of inconsistency be just not acceptable in a alarm clock product . the thing that be even more annoying about it be that this product be not cheap . at $ 75.00 , one would expect something that last more than a couple of week . again - great idea ... just really really bad execution .
382	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i think the idea be fabulous so i get it for my daughter for christmas . she be 15 and have hate it since the moment she open the gift . she refuse to use it and think it be extremely ugly . update-my hearing impaired sister have the clock now and she use the vibrate extension under she pillow and it actually wake she up every morning without wake up the rest of the household .
369	AlarmClock	NEG	1	clock lose time on a daily basis and the set frequency drift . stataic almost impossible to clear . have return product . dose not seem to be up to uniden standard
178	AlarmClock	NEG	2	buy this despite mixed review from previous customer . as mention by other it gain approximately 3-4 min in a week . also the indiglo display isnt that great . it be very hard to see the time display during the day . bottomline . . always look through customer review and think hard and long if a product you be consider buy have bad review . update : display be all mess up after just one battery change . stay away from this product
918	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock never work . the light do not come on and the alarm make no sound . this be a piece of junk . i be surprised amazon would sell this clock it be such poor quality .
580	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy this for my child to sleep to the nature sound . after buy it , i find you can only play the nature sound in the `` sleep '' mode and that they will only play for a maximum of 59 minute , and then it shut off ! why can not it just also have a `` on '' and `` off '' button ? also , there be no volume control for the sound , and most seem pretty loud , but `` ocean '' be the softest . further , the sound repeat after a very short time , about 3 seconds , so the pattern be very obvious and could get annoying . i would say to look for a better product with more feature .
994	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy this month ago base on the previous reviewer . i buy early this be a gift for my daughter high school graduation ! i think this would be a great college gift ! well month later she open it take to she room to try it and ... the time speed up during the night !!!! so if you set it for 8:00 be it go of at 6:00 or 5:00 be etc. . . so i get a lemon ... i throw 37.00 in the trash ! ...
395	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the clock will not set to eastern standard time . i manually set it and it keep resete itself to central time . the customer service on this product be horrible . a person call during the day and leave i no good info .
272	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock quit work for i after 2 week of use . and the gradual wake thing never work right .
921	AlarmClock	NEG	2	didnot keep this clock , be not what i want ... cheap clock with too many knob for my taste ...
375	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy this item from uae and when i recieve the clock it do ' work at all . i could return the item but the shipment charge would become more than the product price itself . i usually buy goods from amazon but this be the first time that it be break . i be really upset about it because it be a gift for one of my friend and i be realy embarrass when it do ` nt work . i difinitely do not recommend this product to anybody .
350	AlarmClock	NEG	1	for a small stereo \/ cd-player , this device be fine . as a alarm clock , it be downright awful . use a cd with the alarm function would have be great if it do not only play the first song on a cd - even the most basic disc-man have a memory function , so why can not this clock ? also , the snooze be for 5 minute interval - as a lifelong and hardcore snooze-button user , this be just obnoxious . i need the standard 9-minute snooze , but learn that fact the hard way . the worst thing about this clock , though , be that it could not even keep correct time ! mine would lose over a minute a day , so that by the end of the week it be 10 minute behind my other clock . do not bother with this one - either pay a little more for something a little better , or use you cell phone -lrb- like i have have to resort to -rrb- .
314	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this be a terrible product . the clock run fast -- it gain a minute every few day . the cd player skip at the slightest vibration , from when i walk across my room to when someone open the door to my building 4 floor below . frequently , i wake up to a noise like a fan with something stick in the blade rather than my cd . anyone who be look for a reliable clock or cd player would do better to spend a few extra dollar to buy something that actually work .
155	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this `` alarm '' clock be a fine travel clock for tell time . but it be unsatisfactory as a alarm clock . the low volume beeping noise be not loud enough for anyone to hear unless they be a very young person who have perfect hearing . for most adult , it be worthless as a alarm clock . a note should be add to the advertisement for this clock model that you must have perfect hearing to use this clock as a `` alarm '' clock .
890	AlarmClock	NEG	2	my 12 year old be a big whovian and be excite to receive this clock . it be really cute though as other mention smaller than you would expect . unfortunatly have not work for week . hopefully , there be a return policy for defective merchandise .
148	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i wish i listen to the review that be up here already . this this make i feel like i be swim in a sea of light at night . at certain angle the screen look like a rainbow . when you snooze it make a noise the entire time you wait for the alarm to go off again . no good cheap chinese product ...
190	AlarmClock	NEG	2	pay 20.99 for the clock . it work as promise first six month . but it stop work in 6 month , go dark and nothing can be do to turn the light back on . it seem like if i return it i have to pay for ship both way . not sure why if the product be defective i have to pay for shipping .
133	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i be really bum that this one do not work out . i be look for a white noise machine and i only use the `` rain '' and `` white noise '' sound and they loop be way too short . i be a bit neurotic and obsessive about little thing and be sensitive to pattern . the `` rain '' setting be about a 10 second loop and i could pick out a faint ` tap tap tap ' and i , of course , focus on that , every 10 seconds . then i go to the `` white noise '' set which have a even fainter problem noise , on a even shorter loop , about 5 seconds . i also feel that even the lowest noise setting be not quite low enough -lrb- i have the clock close to by head -rrb- . and the light emit by the clock be really bright , even when turn on low . maybe this will be better in my son 's room ...
848	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock only beep . i and my grandson expect more for the price . it be just a big alarm clock . blaahhh .
