index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
650	Baby	POS	5	this be a fantastic idea , and it work ! we use it recently for we trip to arizona and it be great . between my husband and i we have 2 suitcase , 1 golf bag , a umbrella stroller and the car seat . this little invention make it easy for we to attach the car seat onto one of the suitcase , leave we with just the other bag , the stroller and the golf bag to drag around . i would recommend practice at home before head for the airport as this can be quite tricky to attach to the bag . my husband be normally very calm but i have see he get angry because he could not get it to work . the trick for we be to pull the handle on the car seat to put it in the recline position , that way it fit better . you will have to unstrap the seat to go through security so just make sure you know how to do it properly and it will only take a minute to put back . people in the airport be comment on how clever it be and we daughter be happy ride in it . we use the suitcase\/seat combo as we stroller in the airport which be very handy . we could even wheel she in the plane and only have to unstrap it once we reach we seat . i would imagine that in some plane the aisle might be too narrow to allow you to do that . overall a great product and most importantly if feel safe to use .
942	Baby	POS	5	great product . we would buy it again and again . we have be very pleased with how well it work ! great !
397	Baby	POS	5	we swaddle we baby from birth to about 3 month . he begin to associate the blanket with nap time or bedtime . when he begin roll over , we need a non-swaddling blanket option that would give he the same sleep cue . the halo sleepsack work great . it be soft and roomy , but we do not worry about he end up with the blanket over he face or in he mouth . the zipper open up from the bottom , which mean there be no uncomfortable zipper up by he chest . there be plenty of grow room -- he be now 7 mo , and still fit in the sleep sack with room to spare . the tag on the back be scratchy , but that can easily be take out .
821	Baby	POS	5	the sleep sheep be a soft and cuddley with soothing sound that baby love . it be quiet and cute and perfect to hang on the crib .
9	Baby	POS	5	i buy this as a gift for my friend ' son 's first birthday after she mention she could not find it in store . she say out of everything he get that be she favorite gift .
154	Baby	POS	4	i love this tub ! we have have it blow up for atleast 5 month and it have not lose any air ! it be pretty small - my 2 yr old have almost out grow it now , but great for baby and for travel !
808	Baby	POS	5	i have some breastflow bottle that be not bpa-free and i use these liner inside the bottle . they work well .
747	Baby	POS	4	i get this for my little girl and she go nut for it , she love it and its real easy to clean . i would definitely recommend this to anyone try to potty train they kid .
529	Baby	POS	5	i feel like i have buy or receive just about every bib on the market and these be by far my favorite ! they be very absorbent but nothing seem to leak through - my baby 's clothes be always perfectly dry underneath . and that be say a lot because he `` dribble '' excessively while take he bottle ! the bib be soft - not stiff or crinkly like so many other waterproof bib . they remain waterproof & absorbent even after many , many wash -lrb- the one i buy 2 year ago for my older son still work perfectly ! -rrb- i love that they have snap rather than velcro because that mean they do not snag all of the other clothes in the wash when i forget to connect the two end together . all that and they be pretty cute - what more could you ask ? i give they 5 star with no reservation !!
306	Baby	POS	4	this a very cute pack n ' play and be very functional and sturdy . it have everything you need to create a mini baby station for change and nap . the only reason i do not give it 4 star be that the change table seem to roll baby a little to one side . it do not seem dangerous , just a little annoying . the nice thing about the change table be that it fold away and be tall -lrb- easier for tall folk to change diaper -rrb- . we find we really do not use the changer as we have a seperate change area that work better for we at home but it would be a nice feature to travel with .
839	Baby	POS	4	it do not exactly cover the top of the seat in we vehicle , so we have to use a towel over the top of the seat to protect it from dent . otherwise it be great for we new car , which have leather seat .
876	Baby	POS	5	this booster seat\/highchair be the prefect chair to grow with my granddaughter and grandson , i watch they both . i love the ease of folding it and the tray on the chir . when i ned something else in this catagoery i will come back and order from summer infant .
769	Baby	POS	5	if you buy the joovy stroller  joovy caboose stand on tandem stroller blue check  there be a pouch for you key and phone or whatever little thing that you need to keep at you finger tip along with two cup holder . this along with the stoller be a win-win pruchase !
644	Baby	POS	5	i receive this as a baby shower gift from my aunt and i absolutely love it , as do my husband . the music be not loud but it be not suppose to be , it be after all a device to get you baby to go to sleep . i be glad i ignore the bad review about the sound because that turn out to not be a concern of mine at all . it be so easy to assemble , take i 5 minute and it be do . i love the bach , beethoven , mozart and rainforest sound option - my favorite be definitely the rainforest though , very soothing . the ` fuzzy ' leave open and close and the leaf with the animal attach spin around slowly . this will definitely put any baby to sleep , it be so comforting and soothing . i would give this product 10 star if possible , i love it . it also go perfectly with we jungle theme baby room , it add the final touch to the room and it look perfect . i highly recommend this product to any and everyone .
4	Baby	POS	5	came super quickly in the mail . dont fit my little girl , but that cause she be a tiny baby lol will def be order these again !
410	Baby	POS	5	we use this for my son 's baptism outfit . it work great and look great . i will caution that it seem to run a bit small in the size , it might be wise to order one size larger .
864	Baby	POS	5	when my son hit 22 pd at about 8 mo , i start research several convertible car seat and do many check on the nhtsa -lrb- national highway traffic safety administration -rrb- website , finally to have decide on this seat . here be my finding . - it rank very high with the nhtsa -lrb- rear facing - 5 star for eval of label , eval of instruction , secure the child & overall ease of use and 3 star for installation feature ; forward face - 5 star for all of the above -rrb- . - it be very roomy ; however , do not take up too much space in the back of my nissan xterra -lrb- which actually have a pretty tight back seat -rrb- . - the 5-point harness system be very easy to clasp together -lrb- much easier than my son 's baby trend infant car seat -rrb- . - i take it to my local fire station to install and it be the first one of its kind the fireman have install and it take he all of about 5 minute to install after read the manual . he do cut a large pool noodle into 3 short piece and put underneath the front of the seat , rear face , to secure the accurate position . i feel very confident i could install it on my own if i need to move it -lrb- which i have not yet -rrb- . - my son seem to love he new seat ! he have fall asleep in it a few time and have not slump over , like i read about with other convertible car seat . - the fabric and cushioning be very nice . i do not want the fabric that be too soft because it can get very hot in summer month , so i go with this kind that be more like a soft , yet heavy material . i really like it ! i be nervous it would not be soft enough , but i have no complaint . - overall - great value , great car seat , great look , great safety rating ! i 'll try to take some photo and post also .
308	Baby	POS	5	this be perfect for my 11 month old ! he stay warm but still have the freedom to walk around and move !
525	Baby	POS	5	this be the second batch of these bib i have purchase . the first set last 4 year before wear out from daily use on my two little boy . these bib work really well for catch thing that would end up in lap . they be great !!
999	Baby	POS	5	great product , just as describe , make sure you have a really deep spacious change area as it be big , which be not a bad thing . nice and cushy for baby , it come with bolt to bolt it down , which for premy i see no need for , but maybe in the future . i be still think about that , do not know if i want to drill hole in the top of the dresser when it be later go to be use as a toddler dresser . but ... that be say i be very happy with this , glad i do not buy the cheap wal-mart one ... no comparison !!!! i would recommend this to anyone look for a really nice change pad ... and thank you to the seller wow that be the fstest shipping ... order april 9 , daughter recieve it on the 11th ... she have identical twin girl so it will be get alot of use ...
107	Baby	POS	4	i have to say who ever develop this product be a freak genius and a rich -lrb- ... -rrb- too . i mean it be just 2 piece of material and 3 d ring but it cost like -lrb- ... -rrb- buck . all in all it be pretty easy to use even though out toddler didnt sit in it much . atleast it make carr the car seat easier . i would definatly recommend this to my family and friend .
503	Baby	POS	4	baby have not take to the teethe bling yet but i feel like the idea be a good one . she be only 5 month old and be not into full teething mode yet so we shall see .
885	Baby	POS	4	i get this for my 3 month old who have reflux , hope it would take more hit of spit up but remain drier than my other bib . the spit up still saturate the top portion of the bib , rest on she reddened neck . the bottom portion of the bib however do indeed protect better than the average bib . i like that there be two button , to adjust with grow baby .
739	Baby	POS	5	i love , love , love the summer infant bibbity . it catch the mess and be dishwasher safe . i rinse it off during the day and toss it in the dishwasher in the evening . no muss , no fuss . buy it , you 'll like it .
338	Baby	POS	5	i have be use this pump for the past 5 month since i go back to work . the pump work wonderfully . i use it 2 to 3 time a day . medela also have great customer service !
742	Baby	POS	4	i love these seat because they take up almost no room , and be portable . i do not like the `` padding '' as it be not much and get dirty way too easy . i do not like the white waist strap , seriously who put white strap on a baby 's seat that be mean for eat ???? all these company that do that need to get color strap ! it would also be nice if when it be fold down , that the tray would snap on like the fisher price one do . overall , it be a great seat !
551	Baby	POS	5	i really love this basket . my two small child love to put they toy back in the basket when they be do with they bath . the toy dry easily and the basket be very durable . i would definitely recommend this basket .
156	Baby	POS	5	you can not beat this chair for the money . i be in the process of training my 16 month old daughter . this chair be easy for she to use . she can easily sit down and stand up and she seem comfortable use it . i highly recommend it .
601	Baby	POS	5	we get this for we lo 's baby blessing and it work great ! . it be so soft and so cute . i feel like the size be accurate but it be more off-white\/cream than white if that matter to you . we love it and get a ton of compliment . we get the 6 mo size which be big on we 3 mo that wear other 6 mo clothing but it work and at 5 mo he be still wear it .
221	Baby	POS	5	she love it ! durable , safe and easy to hold on to . have to buy a couple more as reserve . a + . no baby should be without one of these !
312	Baby	POS	5	my hat of for the design . my loved one be suffer from ezema and like to scratch she ear in sleep . after we start use these the flare have reduce a lot and i sleep with confidence . thank you for this design , be a life saver . they stay on all night and do not come off even when the baby try to pull they .
645	Baby	POS	5	material be light and good quality . better than expect . i love it , and my daughter leave it on ! it be beautiful too !
682	Baby	POS	5	these be my preferred bib . they be well cut to fit nicely over the shoulder and around the neck , generous velcro allow for the grow child and a solid tie for the reluctant bib wearer . the feel of the fabric be not too plasticky in texture , the print be cute and the waterproofing be excellent quality , and they wash and dry and come out like new for year . i have have these bib through my 3 boy , and they be still in good condition . i just buy my youngest he own design for the fun of change thing up after 4 year . i highly reccomend this product !
48	Baby	POS	5	we have use this with we daughter on 3 different trip and it work great . it be easy to use and stow away easily . we get lot of comment about it at airport by parent who be carry lot more stuff than we be . we carry we daughter off of the plane in she seat and then hook she up in the walkway in just a few seconds . make sure that you luggage be full and test it with you bag first .
241	Baby	POS	4	although my wife be doubtful when i purchase this , it turn out to work on both we small and medium roller bag . it make for a heavy load -lrb- of course this depend on the size of the child -rrb- , but it work as advertise .
381	Baby	POS	5	when i first browse through so many option of a dress table from brand , price , & store , this one be the perfect one for i . i be so anxious to receive the table and it come faster than i have hope for , even earlier than the estimate date . upon receive it and just to decorate it and roll it around with such convenience be just wonderful ! i can not wait to use it with my firstborn soon to be alayna ! ; p
506	Baby	POS	5	i have purchase cheap bib from target and they do the job , but they be very stiff . these bib be flexible and lay nicely on my child . i own three - need to get more ...
811	Baby	POS	5	i have for the past year and i love the medela pump in style advanced . since my son be 3 week old i have be pump exculsively and i highly recommend this pump . i have the model previous to this one , the only difference be the bag . i have travel serveral time in both airplane and car and this pump be great . the car adapter do not work the strongest in all car , however i can always get enough suction with the battery adapter . as with all pump i have have to replace membrane , but i find i could buy they online or locally . the ice pack for the bottle holder do not stay cold enough long enough for i , so i replace it with another longer last ice pack .
275	Baby	POS	4	this smock be adorable ! but it be tight on my 3 year old and he didnt want to wear it . i will keep try !
703	Baby	POS	5	this be a great bib ! we have use it for a long time , still in great shape . i would love to have one in the diaper bag too .
764	Baby	POS	4	this be pretty big , and we honestly have not get that much use out of it as we daughter roll around a bit too much to like sleep sack now . that say , it feel like great quality , have wash up well , and be a good weight for summer sleeping .
826	Baby	POS	4	these be great for when it be too warm for fleece sleeper , but too cold for no blanket . my only complaint be that even with closely follow the care instruction , we xl cotton sack seem to have shrink considerably . it just barely fit my 20-month old length-wise even though she be in the 50th percentile for height . even so , there be a gap in the market for product like this one , so i would consider this one to be a must-have . she will not keep a blanket on herself , so this be we only solution .
791	Baby	POS	5	this pillow isnt just for nurse it have so many different use . we love this and will never use any other nursing pillow . works for the cradle hold & the football hold plus its great for prop baby up to sleep and for tummy time support
26	Baby	POS	5	excellent for sleep baby . we use it every night . easy to put on . easy to zip . great for wash daily .
909	Baby	POS	5	i use goodmama diaper under this cover , and i have to say , after 9 year and lot of cloth diaper -lrb- at least 10 different brands\/combinations -rrb- : this be the best . no leak , non fuss . totally worth it .
116	Baby	POS	4	my son be 14 month old now and still do not fit into this - it be humongous . it seem to be of high quality and good material , but since it be still too big for my boy , we have not really use it at all yet .
987	Baby	POS	4	the game itself be cute . however , i think the pacifier would already be cut out . they be not . everything come to you print on one sheet . i guess i should have open the box before the day of the shower . i do not , and so with not have enough time to cut they out , we be not able to use it . oh well . my fault i guess . should have inspect it closer when i get it .
832	Baby	POS	5	this be a lifesaver for we and we 11 month old daughter who love to self-feed . most of the bite of food that do not go in she mouth end up in the pocket where she dig after she tray be empty . the pocket stick out far enough , while other pocketed bib we have buy do not .
197	Baby	POS	5	when i first start my baby on food , we go through several fabric bib a day . have to use stain stick on everything before laundry day , and even with the presoak , i ruin several of my favorite coordinate bib . the only one that be sure to get clean be the white one , since i could use bleach . i read about the superbib and it seem like the solution . so , i order it , and be happy to report - this be the best bib ever for baby new to feeding . it be almost like plastic , but softer than that - i feed baby , rinse this in the sink , and lay it on the drainboard . by the time baby be ready to eat again , the superbib be dry and ready . if it start look stain up , i run it in the wash machine -lrb- not dryer -rrb- , and it look good as new . i actually purchase 3 of these , one for the home , one for travel , and one for grandma 's house . i will agree with other reviewer who report that the pocket do not really catch stuff . now that baby be eat mum-mum , i find that crumb end up in the lap or highchair . the pocket do not really stick out , so do not catch anything . so , if you purpose be to catch wet food and save the traditional cloth bib , this be the product for you . if you purpose be to save the lap and highchair from dry crumb , not so much . all in all , i love it , and will be use it for some time to come .
47	Baby	POS	5	be great for the baby not able to trick or treat . . the bib be of good quality material and the stitching be do well .
763	Baby	POS	5	we be one of those hippie family that do `` baby-led weaning '' . for those who do not know what that mean , we skip the puree and rice cereal and go straight to allow we son to try feed himself bit of `` real '' food at 6 month old . although we never use traditional baby food , we do give my son natural applesauce and full-fat unsweetened yogurt . instead of spoon it into he mouth , we `` load '' the spoon for he and hand it to he so he could learn to feed himself . these spoon be great for even a young baby to use for self-feeding . they be lightweight enough that we son could handle they even at 7 month old . they have a long handle , which be good for a baby that do not have pincer grasp yet and still grip anything in he fist . and the bowl be small and relatively deep compare to other baby spoon , so the food do not spill out too easily despite be maneuver by my little one who still flail a bit . the spoon be bright and my son love they . they be easy to clean and to carry in a diaper bag . i can not recommend they enough .
693	Baby	POS	5	receive this from my baby registry and i be happier with it than i think i would be . very functional , use to my pump part and plastic bottle . the top disc\/shelf can be set at many different level depend on the height of you bottle , yet fit under standard upper cabinet when on counter so it do not cause any problem !! very handy and i love how it drain right into the sink so i do not have to empty a tray like some of my girlfriend do with they bottle-drying rack . highly recommend !!
315	Baby	POS	4	nice and lightweight . everything arrive in good order and fit well . the monkey 's be cute too . i recommend this product .
482	Baby	POS	5	this be a awesome product . my baby love it from the start . we buy it when he be 2 month & it be very difficult to get he to sleep . he take to it right away . he be 4 month now and love it more than ever . the music be soft and have the perfect volume for he to fall asleep to . the light be just bright enough to light the mobile up so he can see it spin in the dark . it be definitely worth the money . if something happen to this one , i would buy the same one again .
836	Baby	POS	5	this be a great bib . the material be thin , almost like a plastic . the length of the bib and the long sleeve be amazing , it be very cute , and it seem comfortable . my newly 2-year-old son definitely need this to save he clothes ! i put he into it and serve he food , which he promptly smear all over as some make it to he mouth . once he be do , i rinse the bib out in the sink and it dry in time to be available for the next great food adventure -lrb- aka meal -rrb- . tomato sauce do not stain it , and although the pocket be actually pretty close to worthless , it do not need to be there because of the length of the bib . i have no complaint , and neither do my little one . and my wash machine be thank i , too !
406	Baby	POS	5	there be really nothing particularly special about these bib but they be cheap and just as good as the more expensive one . love the color and design . perfect size for swaddle a newborn and a good light blanket for summer . also if you have a baby who spit up a lot these be awesome as burp cloth .
593	Baby	POS	5	we be very pleased with this set of receive blanket . we little girl 's nickname be `` turtle '' while i be pregnant -lrb- long story -rrb- so we pick out a few item with the turtle theme . this be a great purchase ! the quality of the blanket be very good , and delivery be prompt . -lrb- i have amazon prime , so they be deliver within two day . -rrb- i would recommend this product from this provider .
462	Baby	POS	4	i love all the feature of this mobile . the green leaf go up and down as it spin , the main panel light up , and there be four different choice for song\/sounds . i like that it be battery power . my older son 's mobile require cranking , and only stay on for about 3 minute . i also like that you can turn it on by remote , maybe give yourself a few more minute before the baby see you and want out ! the only negative so far be that it do not fit well on we crib . we have a sleigh-style crib , and it will not fit on any curved surface . i have to put it on the front rail -lrb- straight -rrb- , but ours be pretty thick , so the clamp can not fit fully around the rail . it be on there , but not as well as it should be . it also pitch forward sort of awkwardly because it be not clamp right .
265	Baby	POS	5	we love boppy ! it be great for nurse my baby in a variety of position , whether i be sit up or lie down , whether she be in a cradle hold , football hold , or whatever-she can even lie on she side on it while i nurse she while lie on my side ! - comfortable as arm and baby support for other family and the babysitter to give bottle , prop the baby up when you sit she in it to interact with she , provide support for i if i want to use it as a pillow for my head or back , help with tummy time , etc. . it be durable , and the cover you can get for it be durable , too , easy to clean , comfortable , and come in such a variety of color , pattern , and fabric that there be really something for everyone ; there be even more style available than see here on amazon . we even have a hand-me-down that go through two other kid , and it be still like new . we have the nautical\/dino baby cover as well as a plain denim one .
561	Baby	POS	5	i love this container for my son bath toy . its great so all the water get drain from all the toy - no more mildew grow in the bucket .
571	Baby	POS	5	this outfit be quite a hit at the baby shower ! yes , it a bit large ... but , that be ok ! better too large than too small .
373	Baby	POS	4	overall , nice bib ; great price . the bib be thick and soft and look just like in the pic . will be a great winter theme bib for the holiday !
166	Baby	POS	5	i order two of these and love they ! the only problem be that with my son 's very sensitive skin , he break out in a rash with it unless i put a little cloth one on over it . that work fine though . they be super easy to rinse and squeeze out and they dry pretty quickly . they also wash up well on a cold gentle cycle and then hang to dry . i like that the velcro in the back can be make tighter or looser . great product !
767	Baby	POS	5	these be awesome for on the go . you do not have to put a messy dirty bib back in you bag , just toss and go !
784	Baby	POS	5	very comfortable feeling material . there be 3 type of gunamuna gunapod blanket and this be the only one i have try . they other look like they might be a thicker , warmer material . this one be light -- perfect for my summer baby ! if you be look for something to use during a cold winter then this be not the sleepsack for you . the zipper be awesome . not only can you get the sleeper on baby in many different way but you can allow airflow if need . i leave the sleeper unzip in my daughter 's crib so when its time for bed or a nap i can lay she right down on the sleeper and zip she into it . this have come in handy the few time she fall asleep on i or right as i put she down . i can zip she into it without bother or wake she up . wash well . we will definitely be get more !
923	Baby	POS	4	the product seem well make but my only gripe be that the velcro bit might scratch baby 's face -- which be kind of what we be hope to avoid by put mitten on he .
630	Baby	POS	4	i be travel with 2 year old twin and already have my hand full without they run in different direction . use this to attach to we luggage -lrb- both carry on and med size -rrb- and it work wonder get we to the ticket gate , past security , and even to the rental car booth . we never have to worry about where the kid be run off to - it be very easy to install and use . we kid enjoy be able to stroll through and watch what be go on around we . we receive a ton of compliment of how smart we be to get the strap and how other wish they have think of it . great product , good quality , and a life saver !
146	Baby	POS	5	i find this product after search for way to make travel with my two-year old easier . she love ride in she carseat through the airport and 6 people stop i to ask how it work . the security agent say he wish all parent use this instead of try to jam enormous stroller through the x-ray machine .
31	Baby	POS	5	for anyone who need to take a carseat on a airplane ... this item be a godsend . it easily attach you carseat to you carry-on bag make it much easier to get everything to the plane . you child can even sit in it !!!!
652	Baby	POS	5	i first discover the halo sleepsack with my first child and i have love it ever since ! it make swaddle so easy and i do not have to worry about my swaddle job become undo as i do with the blanket . i particularly like the velboa material because it be so soft and keep my baby warm . just remember to fasten the velcro properly when wash so it do not catch on other thing .
626	Baby	POS	5	i give this sleep sack to everyone have a baby . we get it as a gift when we daughter be bear and it be one of the baby item i could not live without ! with the velcro strap , swaddle the baby could not be easier . this be a huge plus for a squirmy baby , particularly in the middle of the night when you want to get back to sleep , not spend 5 minute try to swaddle a squirm baby . another great thing about it be that you can remove the swaddle wrap . this be good if the a baby decide they do not like be swaddle , you can just have the sleep sack and if they outgrow the sack part , or the season change and you want they in less layer but they still want to be swaddle , you can use the swaddle wrap on its own . i also like the fact that the zipper zip from top to bottom , so the zipper pull be not up at the baby 's face . a must have !!!!!!
867	Baby	POS	5	i buy these mitten for my baby who will be here very soon , so i can not review on how well they work , but i do buy they off of everyone review . . i will say that they be great quality and such a cute design - i have receive other mitten from friend and family and they do not compare to these mitten at all - these really be awesome ! i do wish they have larger size , but until my baby need a larger size , these will be perfect !
884	Baby	POS	5	i be so happy with this purchase . i get the maroon and the olive , and while they do not look like gem , they pass as real jewelry . they do pick up fuzz and cat hair but a quick rinse take care of that -lrb- and consider it be go in you child 's mouth , it be not a bad thing that it need to be rinse now and again ! -rrb- not only be these great to wear when i be wear my baby while we be out and about -lrb- it be right in front of she and she can grab it and gnaw on it to she heart 's content -rrb- these be fantastic when she be fussy : i dangle it like a pendulum in front of she , which immediately get she attention and she grab it and chew on it . between these , a wooden teething ring , and sophie the giraffe , she be a pretty happy teether .
891	Baby	POS	5	i recently purchase two of these dex baby dura bib . i love the way the snap pocket be design to keep a pocket shape . it actually catch all the food that miss my toddler 's mouth . the size be just right for this stage . my toddler be 20 month and the bib fit well at she lap and behind the tray of she chair . the pocket do not get mash together . also the material be so easy to wash down at the end of a meal . i unsnap the pocket and wash it out in the sink . it be so much easier to wash a flat surface than the inside of a pocket that be stitch together . i would recommend this bib style to any of my friend .
728	Baby	POS	5	i purchase the woombie donut for my grandson when he be 2 month old . i purchase it from the woombie website and be very pleased with the purchase . he be just a 1 week shy of be 10 month and be still able to use it . my main concern when purchase the woombie donut be to insure that when he be out and about with he parent , that he have he own personal space for which he could be lay upon , it be soft , comfortable , durable , cozy and very portable . i highly recommend this product and be a fan of woombie product .
300	Baby	POS	5	i have be look for a mitton which have custom setting to tighten accord to the baby 's hand . after a lot of research i find this one . in addition to custom fit , it also have multi color layer . you can change the design on the mitten to you choice . since this be make of cotton , it give enough warmth during cold weather too . my baby and i love this product .
619	Baby	POS	5	i know this teether be more expensive than many on the market , but it be wonderful and completely worth the money . i have a couple different teethe toy for my son and this be the one i save for when he be really upset . it work so well . it chill quickly and remain cold longer than the gel toy . plus it be easy to clean and easy for he to handle . my only problem be the risk of lose it since he like to throw stuff when i be not watch .
285	Baby	POS	5	we little baby boy will be bear at the middle of september 2011 . so i decide to gift this little snapsuit on my husband birthday . it have a very nice quality and my husband be very amuse . so we little son be get to become a trekkie as soon as possible . i be look forward to see my son in this clothes ... can not wait until next year ...
350	Baby	POS	5	i purchase this halo sleep sack for my grandson , who be now 4 month old . i order small , and i be glad i do ; he be about 15 lb and 25-27 inch long . the small size be actually a wee bit big on he ; he have plenty of room to grow into it and i can see this fitting he at 9 month old ; there be ample room for he to kick he little leg . he wear this with a long-sleeved onesie underneath during cooler weather , and with a light blanket , it be just right for chilly fall evening without be too warm . the fabric be lovely and soft , lightweight but definitely not flimsy . i love the fact that this zip from the bottom ; it make for super-fast diaper change without expose he whole body to the cooler night air and cause discomfort . i also order this in the microfleece fabric ; however , i prefer this organic cotton sleepsack , because the microfleece be somewhat heavier and i can not see he wear the microfleece unless we experience sub-zero temperature outside and the house be drafty ; yes , it be that warm . all in all , i highly recommend this cotton sleepsack for those who live in climate with cooler fall\/winters .
100	Baby	POS	5	i would recommend this product to any parent . due to the risk of use blanket on baby , i decide to try this product . i love it , and plan to purchase it in fleece for the winter .
409	Baby	POS	5	overall the product be manufacture well and the product picture be accurate . it be a great addition to we son 's first birthday party .
877	Baby	POS	5	this thing be great ! i get it for my six month old son because he hand be too busy when i nurse he and it be a struggle to hold he and deflect he hand from interfere with the latch -lrb- which also hurt -rrb- . he fiddle with the necklace instead . he also like to gum any necklace that i wear , and i worry that some of they be not sturdy enough , or be make out of material that may leach chemical he should not ingest . he really enjoy gum it . i get the pearl one . it be really pretty , it look like mother of pearl . the picture do not do it justice - the white be swirly and sparkley . i like it even better . i almost get the black to match more outfit - but other user 's feedback mention that it collect fuzz and look gross . i have notice that it get a little dusty , but the light color do not show it , and the rope be long enough that it be easy to lean over a sink and rinse it off while still wear it . i will probably get another one . it seem like a lot of money for a silicone ring and a cloth rope , but they make the idea reality , so i be happy to pay for the service .
518	Baby	POS	5	i buy this for my daughter when she be around 6 month old , and she have sleep with it every night since then . it be small , lightweight , and the perfect size for she little hand . besides be about the cutest thing in the world when you see it tuck underneath she arm while she be sleep , it have also save my hair during nursing session . i always have sweet pea available when i nurse , and now instead of pull my hair or scratch my face she hand be busy hold and explore she baby . i do like have the outer pea pod for when we travel or take the baby somewhere because it keep the baby cleaner . my daughter be now 11 month old , and she be so attach to she sweet pea , that we buy a second one just in case we need a back-up !
913	Baby	POS	5	i receive one of these as a baby gift and love it so much i come on amazon to buy another one ! i have one attach to the diaper bag and one attach to the stroller -lrb- for walk and short outing that do not require the diaper bag -rrb- . this way i have the pacus ready where ever we be .
415	Baby	POS	4	i love this jumper , however it do have area that can be approve . its a `` free standing '' jumper , so you do not have to confine you baby to only doorway or worry if a jumper will meet the height of a doorway . though this item do not come with any toy or tray , i be glad that it do not because it really give my 5 month old son the freedom to move around without be distract . the jumper retract a lot more than other bouncer i have see and baby do not have to use much effort to get this thing go . once they realize this , it be nothing but fun and excitement . check out a few `` you tube '' video on jolly jumper , you will not see any unhappy baby . the only area i dislike , be actually put he in the jolly jumper . you have to unclip the seat -lrb- if you be look at the picture i be speaking of the blue bar from the chain that it hang by . -rrb- you have to lay the baby down and place he in the seat as though you put on a pair of pants . my son get a little agitate by this and once he be agitate enough , forget the jumper because he patience have be worn . other than that , i love it : -rrb-
668	Baby	POS	5	i want to buy a first baby doll for my 11 month old grandson and this have prove to be the best . he take the doll out of the pea pod and point to the eye , mouth , hand and hair . he love to feel the softness of the fabric in the pod . he put the baby back into the pod and hug it . he favorite toy be truck and car and book but this little toy have become one of he favorite also . this be the best baby doll for a little boy . thanks !!!
106	Baby	POS	5	extremely fast shipping . great quality for a little tux . i love the satin detail on the button , pocket , etc. . now all i have to do be get my 2 yr old to wear it for more than 20 seconds ; -rrb-
121	Baby	POS	5	i purchase this for my 6 mo old granddaughter . she love it ... in fact , it be one of she favorite toy . she chew on it , squeeze it , rub she face against it ... it be the perfect size for she tiny , little hand . plus , the sound make she giggle ! in fact , it be so much fun , the entire family love play with it ! i be ready to purchase the yellow vulli chan pie gnon and also sophie the giraffe since i now know exactly how these toy feel ! thanks for a winner !
960	Baby	POS	5	buy these for a friend who be have a baby girl . she love they and i can not wait to see she daughter rock these during the playoff . here we go , steelers !
147	Baby	POS	5	i love this swim diaper . very easy to use ! just put it on and wash it off if baby poop ! what could be easier ? sure beat pay out the wazoo for swim disposable diaper . so good for the environment !
537	Baby	POS	5	these be such wonderful bib for a teething\/slobbering baby . they be thin and have great plain color to match each of she outfit . they be great as a waterproof bib you need for you little one . would highly recommend these .
906	Baby	POS	5	i have use this brush 3 year in a row -lrb- replace every 3 mo or so -rrb- , for both my kid -lrb- bear 18 mo apart -rrb- . this be the best brush . sure , it do not hold up for more than 3 mo or so , but no sponge do ! it be lightweight , clean my medelum baby bottle well , and easy to travel with , too . highly recommend .
255	Baby	POS	5	i get so many compliment when i put they on my 4 month old daughter . they be super cute and have plenty room to grow . the color go with almost anything in she wardrobe , she get lot of compliment when wear these adorable leg warmer !
847	Baby	POS	4	this be a great bottle brush and i love that the end clean nipple -lrb- a huge lifesaver when you be bottle feeding breast milk -rrb- . i have to replace this brush once every two month because the sponge do seem to break down\/discolor over time . but for the price , i do not really mind .
175	Baby	POS	5	great blanket to swaddle you baby . help my baby sleep soundly even as he grow . mommy must-have !
414	Baby	POS	4	this pad fit in the radian carseat perfectly . i use this for my potty training son . luckily , he have have no accident yet in the seat , but he have spill juice . it do contain all of the juice that be spill . i feel that it would work just as well in the case of a potty accident . this be a great investment if you be look for a carseat insert that fit snugly -lrb- with the radian -rrb- . i would recommend this item .
654	Baby	POS	5	this be a great way to storage you milk . i love this product since it give i more space and keep my milk organize .
87	Baby	POS	5	this be we second true fit chair . we love they . we recently have to use a different popular brand with a rental car . there be no comparison . the true fit be just make better . we choose they because they have the best over all safety rating . why would you get anything else ? we son look like he be relax in a lounge chair . highly recommend !
246	Baby	POS	4	i buy various bottle brush from place like target , and find they all to be pretty useless . i find the munchkin brand to be extremely disappointing - it be design to look like the dr. brown 's bottle brush , but it just be terrible . this one be very effective and last longer than i expect -lrb- i have be use it now for more than 6 week , every day , wash all the baby stuff several time per day -rrb- . you can not lose with the dr. brown 's bottle brush .
911	Baby	POS	5	we have a collection of these , they be great at keep the baby warm despite he wiggle , allow he kick room , and be safe . the cover can not ride up over he face so no fear of suffocation . also good at contain diaper overload . i prefer the cotton but he like the snuggly fleece . cotton fleece would make both of we happy .
49	Baby	POS	5	i buy these after obsess over they when my friend come over for the weekend and be use they . i love the a+a swaddle blanket but these be even better . completely reversible with great pattern and one simple snap . can be use as a traditional burp cloth , a bib , lay across the nursing pillow while you nursing , lay under infant after feed for a subsequent spit-up to save a couch or even use as a caplet . i have receive a number of compliment on the product and have order 4 of they !
196	Baby	POS	5	this be a excellent product , and create a nice ambient for the baby to sleep . good quality and the best price . be a nice gift for expect parent : -rrb-
849	Baby	POS	4	i purchase the large swimmus -lrb- 22-30lbs -rrb- because my 16 month old just reach the 22lbs pound range . i return it to purchase the same in medium -lrb- 15-22lb -rrb- because my son be build very thin and have no tush . the medium fit well and i think it will still accommodate he for awhile . even if it do not and i have to re-purchase the large , it be still cheaper than have to buy a pack of disposable swim diaper .
394	Baby	POS	5	i be look for bottle to replace my dr. brow bottle ... ... ... i hate dr. brown bottles b\/c of all the clean up of all the piece . so i decide to go with these anti colic one ... so far they work great !
943	Baby	POS	5	my 9 month old grandbaby twin love these - thank goodness i buy both sopie and gnon -lrb- who we nickname moonie -rrb- so when they be fight over one , i can hand the other to one of they !
636	Baby	POS	5	we just get back from a overseas trip . i have buy the sleep sheep for we trip ... it be perfect ! my baby love it and i love it as well . the ocean sound be very helpful travel around for 2 week in different place ... it be comforting for both of we .
3	Baby	POS	5	this be the perfect solution for all those bath toy for we . there be a compartment for shampoo , soap , loofah , etc , a compartment for small toy and a compartment for larger toy . i have not experience any molding , i just make sure it dry out before i use it next . the adjustable part of it allow i to fit it to my average size tub perfectly . this be so much better than anything that hang on the bathtub wall with suction cup !
859	Baby	POS	4	great pump ! easy to use and painless -lrb- which be very important ! -rrb- . the massage cushion be make of a silicone-like material , so be quite comfortable . the hand grip of the pump be easy to manipulate and pump be quiet . yes , there be lot of part to clean -lrb- and please be sure to clean all part -rrb- ... but it be very easy to do so . i handwash the component well with ease . there be minimal pool of milk between the cup and you breast which i think occur due to breast leakage . i have balloon to a dd\/e since pregnancy and my size have not affect the effectiveness of the pump . i get good result each time i use it .
239	Baby	POS	4	everyone ask i where i get this . lot of people have the joovy stroller , not so many have the organizer . it be a great place to store key , phone , wallet , etc. , but not so great for a drink . the cup holder be kind of floppy , so i find that drink tend to tilt and drip when they be in it . i wind up use one of the regular pocket to hold a drink - it be more upright . the `` drink holder '' be great for key , cell phone and camera .
36	Baby	POS	4	the tine be not as pointy as they look in the picture . this be very nice for oatmeal in the morning , since it do not get heat up by the food .
150	Baby	POS	4	i love the halo sleep sack , so i be excite to see that they have a `` early walker '' sack . my son be pretty long\/tall and it be huge on he . way too big to wear right now . nice product , but size be way off -lrb- which be why i give it 4 star instead of 5 -rrb- .
188	Baby	POS	5	i have only use mine a handful of time , but so far , so good . fit be true to description -lrb- although leg opening be a \* little \* small . should not be a issue unless you lo have really chunky thigh . the snug opening do help to contain accident though . my lo can flood a diaper , but this hold one void without leak , and it even contain a very mushy poop . we be still very early in learn to use the potty , but my lo do notice a difference when he go in this as oppose to go in he cloth diaper or disposable . he actually tell i he go instead of simply go about he business . i probably will not venture to use these outside the house until he be a little further along in the process though .
883	Baby	POS	5	i use this when i be with my baby to ec he -lrb- i let he other caregiver use regular diaper as they do not ec he -rrb- . these diaper be adorable , of course , and very easy to use . just unsnap\/unvelcro the side and flip the front of the diaper back . baby be ready for potty ! when do , simply flip the front panel back to its place and revelcro . i love that they fit for a long time because they be make to be adjustable -lrb- you can snap the belt that keep the diaper on baby 's waist at various place , make it expand as he grow -rrb- . there be various website where you can purchase a larger variety of design -lrb- and size -rrb- in addition to what be available on amazon . remember that the one with design be non-waterproof , make purposely to feel when baby have pee ! the solid color be nice for when non-waterproof be , um , less acceptable : - -rrb-
354	Baby	POS	5	i start cloth diaper with a rental place , get set up with pul cover , but then stumble on the wool cover world . this be my first child , i purchase two , and will never go back to pul cover . i love how they breath , he cloth diaper even sometimes start to dry if he be nap and wet they , because of the wicking characteristic of wool ! will always use these , and i highly recommend and even try to convert friend over to wool , and cloth diapering !
614	Baby	POS	5	i order this sleep sack for my nearly two year old who still love be put to bed in she sleep sack . the size be definitely suitable for a 2 + year old and the quality be the same high standard as all halo product . grandma jokingly say that they look like they will fit until kindergarten . my only wish be that halo would make long sleeved sleep sack in all size .
66	Baby	POS	5	this be the third one of these we have have . we daughter be 19 month old and we will be sorry when she out grow this product . it keep she warm and cozy and can not come off during the night . she seem to really like it too !
543	Baby	POS	5	be you a parent to a toddler who love to feed he clothes more than eat he food ? have you ever dread mealtime just because of the mess you need to clean up afterwards ? then this bib be tailor make for you . i have a two year old , just learn to self feed . he hate be feed , no matter what be be serve and this big be a life saver . i love the fact that i can put it on fairly easily . i also love the pocket in front . my lo 's pants have be spare finally ! this bib have a small neck opening and even the runny food do not go down onto my son 's clothes . i do pull up he sleeve before put this on and so far none of the food have get onto he sleeve through the sleeve opening . my toddler who hate bib and can pull out any have not be able to rip this off so far . i think the velcro have hold up to he quality testing ! i be able to wash this in the kitchen sink , right away , after each meal . it dry up quickly and be ready for use before the next meal time . the material do look flimsy but it do its job . the fact that this do not seem to be hold onto stain be a big plus . the length seem just right for my son . i put it on he after seat he on he high chair and the mess have be stay off the high chair belt as well . i get the toddler size for my tiny two yr old but if you child be normal size then you will definitely need the larger size . i also purchase the ikea bib set but those have a bigger neck opening and no matter how i adjust the velcro strap , some food get onto clothes through the neck . i also do not like the fact that the cuff be cotton and take longer to dry out . the cuff also seem to be hold onto stain in food . i would definitely pick the kushies bib over the ikea one for ease of use and serve its purpose !
28	Baby	POS	5	these be my son 's favorite ! he adore they . they be the first thing he would hold and chew . he hate pacifier , but he still love gnawing on these . they have be a huge help through teething . i would definitely recommend !
452	Baby	POS	5	the bib be well make and great for use through several feeding . they will be handy when we travel so we do not have to bring several bib for a couple of day .
425	Baby	POS	5	the contoured shape of these burp cloth make they the most effective of any burp cloth i have try , they stay in place and they be so soft ! they also come in such cute pattern . i buy one of these with my first baby and i immediately want to replace all my burp cloth with burpy bib . as a bib , it can be a little bulky , but it be nice to have in a pinch and i always appreciate a multi-tasker in my diaper bag .
710	Baby	POS	5	simple to install and work perfectly . i would not purchase any other brand or type . blow away compete product .
403	Baby	POS	5	i get these for a shower gift , and they be exactly what i want . they be soft and a nice green color , and she love they !
299	Baby	POS	5	i be so very happy i buy this for my son . i dress my little on in footsy pj 's , but be always worry about he be cold because i would often forget to cover he with a blanket . i would always have to go in after he be asleep or he would roll onto it . since i have to wait i would usually fall asleep . now i do not have to worry . i get it for my 16 month old son who be pretty tall . -lrb- guess 31ish inch at the time -rrb- the large fit perfectly . it keep he warm and allow he to still stand and move . i would not let he run in it though . : -rrb-
649	Baby	POS	5	when we first bring we precious baby boy home , i buy this nursing pillow as a gift for my wife and she sure get good use out of it . it make breastfeed \/ bottlefeed comfortable and it reduce back strain for she . i also use it when i bottle feed my boy and it work very well too .
86	Baby	POS	5	my son have use this for the past 4.5 month -lrb- start at age 13 month , since he be in the upper percentile for height -rrb- , and it have work like a charm . very durable - none of the stitching have fray at all , despite weekly washing . perfect weight with a long-sleeved onesie in the summer -lrb- thermostat around 73 -rrb- or with fuzzy pajamas in the winter -lrb- thermostat around 66 -rrb- . it be roughly 3-4 '' longer than the halo version that claim to fit the same age range , which have be great for we . overall , we have be very happy with this sleep bag ! update : he be still use this bag at 26 month , though he be just start to approach the bottom edge of the bag . it be hold up well through many , many washing over the past year , and we still love it !
781	Baby	POS	5	before i leave the house i throw this necklace around my neck . my daughter be 6 month old and know this be hers to chew away . you cant even tell its a teethe ring and i feel safe know she wont drop it on the floor .
609	Baby	POS	5	this be the best bib and now it be the only one my 17-month-old son want to wear . it be easy to clean , dishwasher safe , stay on when properful fasten , and the design always catch fall food . my son will even snatch the food out of he bib to eat it when he notice it be fall . only downfall be that it also catch liquid and sometimes he will fold the bib up -lrb- he like to tuck it under he chin for some reason , i think so he can get a better view of he high chair tray -rrb- , so it spill out . this be a must-have bib if you have a lively baby\/toddler who like to assert his\/her independence when eat . we friend who do not have one marvel at this bib whenever they first see we son use it . make for a lot less mess and faster clean-up .
481	Baby	POS	5	i buy this for my baby granddaughter for christmas . she mom like it because it keep she baby warm without use a blanket . nice product .
51	Baby	POS	5	very helpful when kid put they dirty shoe on the back of the car 's front seat ! i would recommend it for anyone who have kid or spend time in snowy or rainy weather !
740	Baby	POS	5	this be a really nice sleep sack . we favorite be a jersey one from the uk . this one be we backup . godd value .
424	Baby	POS	4	i have purchase several other waterproof pad but they be all so rough after a few wash and i do not like that against my newborn 's skin . so i purchase these , which come 2 in a pack , and they machine wash and dry well and be much softer than any of the other pad i own -lrb- i have several brands\/types -rrb- . they will not fully cover a crib or pack n play -lrb- maybe a mose bassinet -rrb- as they be not so large , but would do the trick for a change table or to put under you baby when they be in the swing or bouncer to catch any diaper leak or spit up . expensive , but i think worth it since they be so much nicer against the gentle baby skin .
592	Baby	POS	5	frustrate with baby sock that keep fall off you baby ? you search be over . these sock from puma stay on they little foot . highly recommend they for all the young mother out there -lrb- and they grandmother ! -rrb-
707	Baby	POS	4	this be another great baby product by a great company . they continue to get softer after each wash and do a good job of soak up drool and spit up . my only complaint be that this one be not quite as big as the one you get in the 4 pack . it feel as if it be make slightly different too . it have a different look and overall feel but still work great .
623	Baby	POS	4	i be go on my third kid with these bib and i still think they be great . the original one that i buy with my first son be a bit worn , but they still work perfectly . they be as waterproof as the name promise . food and drink never seep through to they clothes . the pocket at the bottom catch most of they crumb and milk that they inevitably spill . after each meal , i wipe or rinse the bib off , lay they on they highchair and they be dry by the next snack or meal . i usually use one bib for several day before i put it in the wash machine . when my baby become toddler i switch they to the bumkins junior bib . that one go around they arm so they can not take it off themselves -lrb- at least not easily -rrb- . i never have a serious problem with my baby yank off the bib . i give it four star instead of five because the neck be a bit big . not sure why they do not fix that . so many reviewer complain about that design flaw . sometimes food sneak under the bib because it sit too low below they chin . i also think the fastener could be stronger . as i say , i never have a problem with my kid yank apart the velcro , but a snap closure -lrb- or some other stronger closure -rrb- would be a big improvement . overall , i love these bib and the few problem i have have with they be overshadow by how easy they be to use and reuse between machine washing .
317	Baby	POS	5	i be give my first bummis cover as a shower gift from my sister-in-law . i have find that these cover work great on my little girl . she be not a extremely heavy wetter -- i use they with prefold and add a diaper insert if we be go out or a doubler if she be wear it overnight -- i have never have these -lrb- or the bummis super brite -rrb- leak urine . it be hard to keep breastfed poop in any diaper -lrb- cloth or otherwise -rrb- 100 % of the time , but i be happy with these for that as well . the velcro tab be a bit scratchy if not attach correctly -lrb- have to show dh the irritation on she belly so he would pay attention to the angle of the tab -rrb- but they overlap for a customize fit , which be very important in prevent leak . my daughter be average to slender build so these cover work well for she . i have buy several more so i can air they out every other change . i like this print the best because it be gender neutral and will work if we have a boy . dd be almost do with this size and the diaper be still in good shape for future use , unlike the bumkins cover that she wear in the previous size . well worth try for you baby .
538	Baby	POS	5	this be a really cute bib , and good quality as well . i have wash it many time and it have hold up very well . i also like that it be a good length -- not too short . i be very pleased with this purchase .
401	Baby	POS	5	i be a bit skeptical of this mobile mostly because it look so large in the picture , and also because i think i probably want a mobile that play lullaby instead of classical music . however , when i see this on clearance at walmart , when my son be 5 month old , i decide to try it -- and now only regret i do not get it sooner ! it be definitely a large mobile , but that become a non-issue , and the classical music be great . the leaf and animal move slowly and calmly but have interesting color and feature , which keep a baby 's interest while not be over-stimulating . there be four sound option -lrb- rainforest and three different classical composer -rrb- , which if select will run for about 15 minute each before automatically shut off . no frequent resetting and no winding-up necessary -- a definite plus . there be three option for light\/music , light\/music\/motion , and music\/motion , so it be not possible for the mobile to work with just motion and no sound , but you can have the nightlight off . the music be slow-tempo , soothing and relatively quiet and have help my son fall asleep countless time over the past six month . we remove the mobile arm as soon as he could stand up , and switch the music\/light\/motion option at just music and light . he absolutely love push the big , colorful button to turn the music on and off by himself . practical note : my initial set of d battery be still go fine after six month , so they do not need frequent change . the mobile be easy to assemble and it be easy to detach the mobile arm when need . the only negative be that the on\/off remote never seem to work for `` on '' for i -- only `` off '' -- even when align as instruct . highly recommend .
691	Baby	POS	5	i order 2 b\/c i have twin . they be exactly what they be suppose to be and look nice at the boy baptism .
360	Baby	POS	5	what more can i say , the product speak for itself great product that my son seem to feel very comfortable in . get chilly here and he be be sleep right on through the night
110	Baby	POS	4	my child start teethe a few month ago and everything go in she mouth . i love this teethe necklace so much i also order the jade color . it be a great distraction for my child who love to pull on my hair , chew on my shirt or grab my face while we be out and about . basically , you have a toy\/teether that they can not drop on the ground while you be carry they . i do agree with one of the other reviewer that say you may hear -lrb- especially from a mother-in-law -rrb- , `` oh , you be let you child chew on you necklace -lrb- insert gasp -rrb- ? '' but just ignore it because you child be sure to love it . and at 6 month , they would chew you `` real '' necklace anyway .
762	Baby	POS	4	this be a great bib . snap firmly in place , so no wear out velcro to deal with . catch food well . i have throw it in the washer on cold before , but my only concern be that after 6 month the bib be start to smell . it have a canvas backing which i think be the problem
396	Baby	POS	4	love the halo sleep sack ; they be a huge hit in we house . great for baby and toddler after they outgrow swaddle and before blanket . my son love sleep in these still at 14 month .
382	Baby	POS	4	i like these bib but i buy they for my newborn . there be no size information on the amazon page , but when they arrive the packaging say `` stage 2-3 , 3-12 mo. '' i just wish this information be available when i have purchase the item !
279	Baby	POS	4	i compare this bib with iplay and bumbkin , i like this one best , it have enough room when take out you baby 's hand from sleeve before feed , also the nylon be much soft than any other type of bib . the downside i see be that the front fleece be not easy to clean and difficult to get dry ...
180	Baby	POS	4	i have try many swim diaper , and this be one of the better one . it be not the cutest , but it be much more functional than any other that be available on amazon . the velcro can get a bit scratchy .
523	Baby	POS	5	love this , well make , 19 month old still play with it , very soft & cuddly , too . pod be satin line and well do . go great as set with boy-peanutdoll ! would highly recommend on cuteness factor alone as a gift for a new mom or baby . great for a shower
130	Baby	POS	5	pro : while the price of these be a bit difficult to swallow , the bib be fantastic and very much worth it . all my daughter 's previous bib be far too big , and do not have the rolled collar like the tommee tippees do , and so the formulum that she spit back out would run down she neck and make she hair\/clothes sticky . with these bib , we no longer have that problem , as this ingenious design of the rolled collar catch \* everything \* . con : a bit costly , and the velcro backing be not as durable as one would expect when pay $ 7.50 per bib . overall : the best bib we have encounter so far , and we would definitely recommend they !
339	Baby	POS	5	love it ! it work well over a prefold even with my baby 's tiny leg ! i love the gusset ... to i they be a must in any diaper cover !!
921	Baby	POS	5	i own lot of aden + anais product , these do not disappoint . they be oversized super absorbent and great for feed and drool .
111	Baby	POS	5	i think the sleep sac be a wonderful invention . i get peace of mind and my daughter stay warm all night . i do not have to worry if she kick off she blanket and be cold , i do not worry about a blanket get wrap around she face . all in all i feel really great about the halo sleepsack . another plus be that it arrive before i expect !
901	Baby	POS	5	i have two set -lrb- over 4 year -rrb- , and these be awesome ! of course , any suction bowl do not really stay down . you kid will figure out how to get they off ! however , these be still my favorite bowl . they be incredibly stable and sturdy , they travel well -lrb- for snack , even wet one -rrb- , and they last age . only wish i could afford 50 more , and that there be a easy way to attach the lid . i use they for a 5 and 1 year old , and have send they to work with dad , too , for salad dress .
120	Baby	POS	5	easy to clean and very cute . this be a very durable soft bib that catch food , do not catch like velcro .
395	Baby	NEG	1	its quality seem not good . i use it 5 time a day and 4 month till now . its motor sound be get louder a week ago . now it can not work anymore . my friend buy the same product at almost the same time and hers be break , too .  philip avent bpa free twin electric breast pump , white
896	Baby	NEG	2	i like that this spoon can hold more volume than the soft tip gerber one and that the entire spoon be plastic . it be nice a lightweight and my baby love to hold it herself . as many other say , it be top heavy and be constantly flip out of the bowl . to avoid this you must set it flat when not feed the baby mean you table will get food on it . i will be look for a different spoon .
658	Baby	NEG	2	let i start of by say that i have exclusively cloth diapered my daughter with grovia 's hybrid diaper line . i be a happy grovia user and can not say enough about they diaper . we cotton soaker be start to wear , but i think this be completely in line for the material ; what would you expect if you wash anything else make out of cotton as many time as you wash you diaper ? i need to add some new soaker to we stash and i be tempt to try these . they be extremely soft . i be thrill to try they and think we might just buy a bunch more . but every time i use they my daughter leak . mind you , i prep these as direct ; i know exactly how to fit the hybrid to my daughter ; and it be extremely rare that the cotton insert leak . it seem like these just wick the fluid rather than absorb it . i wish i would spend the money on the aio or more cotton - both of which product be great . the only reason i give these 2 star rather than 1 be that the insert be very soft .
933	Baby	NEG	2	i have just get the fairy sleep bag . i be actually really excite about it . the fairy do not look anything like the picture . they look like mosquito . they be big and they have a dark pink -lrb- almost red -rrb- wing . the picture show little fairy in different color . otherwise i really love aden & anais blanket . they have a very old school yet pretty feel about they . i love that fabric look crinckly yet so elegant . i dont like fleece or heavy blanket since it might overheat the baby . i can definetly use this during summer night , just put the baby in with onesie . my baby sleep in she crib and i have blanket tuck in the side . it work great for i until she start to roll over and kick the blanket . i would wake up frequently at night because i will see she kick the blanket off . i finally realize i cant spend my night paranoid if the baby be cold or if she okay . this item give i peace of mind . update - i wish it work however my baby wake up during the night because it wasnt warm enough for she . we live in california and she room be mostly between 70 and 75 degree . i get grobag 2.5 tog and she sleep through the night . design and fabric be alot better than aden and anais bag .
13	Baby	NEG	1	this be the worst potty chair ever . the cushion absorb the pee , i try soak the cushion in bleach and the pee smell stay in the cushion . also , if you have a boy the shield do not work . do not waste you money .
105	Baby	NEG	1	they shrink up to nothing when wash and dry . you have to iron they to be able to use they ! that be ridiculous ! do not buy these . quality be terrible .
869	Baby	NEG	1	i want to love this . but at least the one we get be not great . the green trim around the edge of this bib start come apart from the bib within 2 use . also lime green color from trim around neckline bleed onto dd 's onesie because the trim get wet during a feeding .
788	Baby	NEG	2	we really try to like these bottle , but it still leak . we buy these ring think it be the problem , but no success .
513	Baby	NEG	1	i think these look like decent burp clothes from the picture . get they and they be super thin and after i wash they , they shrink-ed and get even thinner . i would not waste you money on they . i spend $ 11 on a 3 pack of carter 's brand and they be way better and worth the money .
706	Baby	NEG	1	i buy these for my 4 month old twin . i do not understand why other say they be waterproof . absolutely not ! milk and\/or drool go right through !
736	Baby	NEG	1	it seem like this product would work fine for plastic bottle , but when i be try to use it for my glass bottle , not only would the little peg not stay in so they be always fall all over the place , but the spin feature would not work with the heavier glass bottle . i would recommend the `` prince lionheart complete drying station '' instead . i have not try any other product , but the price lionheart product still have a small footprint and i can fit more bottle on it and access everything i need . good luck !
461	Baby	NEG	1	as pretty as it be , the size be completely off . this 18 month romper do not even fit my average size 11 month old . have to return .
704	Baby	NEG	2	very cute but absorb everything . they probably work really well with cheerio but that be not what i need they for . pasta sauce - absorb , watermelon juice - absorb , water - absorb . i find that they do not protect clothing underneath . but they be cute !
638	Baby	NEG	2	i just order this and it be go right back . my 2 year old , be below or average height and pretty skinny too and the bag be still too small . he do not have much leg room width wise either . it be a good light weight sack if you order one size up for you tot . too bad mine be too big for it . i really want to like it . update : i order the merino wool kid 2-4 for my tot and it be perfect . pricey but perfect . lot of leg room and it be snuggly warm .
89	Baby	NEG	2	purchase this for a 5 month old who be drulling a lot . he like put it in he mouth but would not chew on it .
138	Baby	NEG	1	hey ? be you kid not drool enough ? be he be tease and the park because he do not have a big drool stain down he shirt ? then this be for you ! this just seem to get every ounce of drool out of he mouth and on to everything within a throw distance . he would load up the drool launcher and fling it all over . all in all , pretty gross ! in reality , i would not mind drool everywhere if it help with the tooth . it do not . he still seem upset and ouchy , and now wet ! and it do not seem very interesting either ... he would have it in he mouth a minute top and then it would get throw somewhere . not worth the effort .
243	Baby	NEG	1	this do not work for we 8 month old . the plastic be mold inward towards the middle part of the bib so it do not catch anything . not sure if it be from the packaging or what . my son also do not like the way it feel around he neck , he be constantly pull on it .
633	Baby	NEG	1	note : now there be a recall on medelum power adaptor too i own both the medelum pump in style advance and ameda 's purely yours pump . ameda 's pump be better than medelum . see below . i do not use my medelum pump at all despite have waste about $ 300 on pump and spare part . i be a work mom so i pump a lot with baby # 1 and be do same with baby # 2 - already have a freezer full of milk . why ameda be superior to medelum : 1 -rrb- no mold growth - milk can not get into tube . see below . after i find mold on my medelum pump i go out and buy a ameda pump right away . 2 -rrb- about half the price as medelum if you just buy the pump and not the bag etc. . 3 -rrb- the ameda pump be easily freestand , also have nice slot on the pump to hold you pump milk in bottle . if you remove the medelum pump from the backpack or bag you 'll see the pump casing - the medelum pump have hole in the case around the pump so you do not really want to take it out of the bag - and nowhere to put you pump bottle so they do not fall over . fyi ameda pump have last since 2008 with pump daily 5 days\/week -lrb- i breastfeed baby # 1 for 18 month -rrb- and it be still go great - i be use it again now . medela know about the milk in the tube problem - in fact there be instruction about this in the booklet that come with they pump . well , i get milk back up in the tube more than once despite follow the instruction in the manual . then i have to stop pump and dry the tube out . no more pump that day as i do not have spare tube . and , to my horror , despite run the medelum pump for a couple of minute after every pump as per instruction , and dry out the tube if they get milk in they , i open the faceplate of the medelum pump one day and find mold grow on my medelum pump . that be it , i buy a ameda pump and have never go back .
199	Baby	NEG	1	i put the bottle in the rack for 3 day , it never dry . . my friend use the same one also have this problem .
22	Baby	NEG	1	yes , this product be cheap and there be a reason why , it be junk ! it do ot stay on and it do not cover the entire back of seat . my kid can kick it off with one kick . spend a little more cash and get something that will do the job correctly .
965	Baby	NEG	2	we own the original size sleep sheep when my now-5 year old be bear , and although we like the product fine , it be not a must-have . when my youngest son -lrb- now 5 month old -rrb- start show sign of colic , we buy the travel version hope that it would help he to at least rest a little while we be out and about . the product have all kind of technical difficulty - there be a timer that be suppose to allow the sound to play for either 25 or 45 minute . do not work . the machine frequently shut off after a few minute , usually right as the baby be about to go to sleep which of course wake he back up . also , i often have trouble get it to play at all and have to fiddle for 5 minute with the volume knob and try different button to get it to start . it be not the battery because we change they constantly . just a faulty unit , i be sure but for $ 25 i expect better .
681	Baby	NEG	2	i order this item for my then 3 month old daughter . she be constantly slump over in she car seat and stroller and i think this product would fix this problem . wrong . no matter how many time i adjust it , this neck saver keep slip off . it simply would not stay put , render it useless . i return the item for a full refund .
8	Baby	NEG	2	this product inflate easily enough , be adorable and be easy to store -lrb- i just put a command hook in my shower and hang it up -rrb- . however , it be extremely slippery . we use it last night for the first time with my 8 month old son and he be slide everywhere . we do not have this problem with the safety first tub we have have for we older son . i will have to buy a bath mat to put at the bottom of the tub and will need to be even more alert that i be previously , otherwise my son will knock himself out ! note to all buyer : try to find a inflatable tub with a non-slip bottom ... update : i buy a little bath mat by green sprouts and it fit perfectly and help a bit with the slip issue
628	Baby	NEG	1	i be excite to buy this after read all the positive review , but my baby do not enjoy this teether and i be not even sure it be safe . the `` berry '' part seem to be glue onto the ring part , and even after boil it it have a peculiar smell . my daughter take one nibble and screw up she face as if it taste bad . i throw it away .
305	Baby	NEG	1	this basket be not a toy but a storage container for bath toy . it be make of multiple part that need to be assemble together . this design be rather flaw as it allow for accummlation of more dirt , and the piece do not fit together well -lrb- especially if warped -rrb- . i have see those basket make as one piece in the past , a nice sturdy design , easy to remove and clean . very disappoint with this one .
260	Baby	NEG	1	what the description fail to state be that if you cabinet door be not flush\/flat on the inside , this product will not work - therefore to i this product be useless . have to return it .
975	Baby	NEG	1	too big around and too shallow for my 22 mo. old daughter . weird fit overall and would never stay on . cute , just all wrong otherwise . return it immediately .
93	Baby	NEG	2	this come unwrapped in a big amazon box with other item i order -lrb- book , toy , etc. . . -rrb- unlike the other item the bib be not wrap in plastic or paper to protect it , and it arrive with scratch and scuff mark . in addition , the edge have extra material hang off . i have see this product in physical store , so i will pay a few $ more for one that look new .
289	Baby	NEG	1	surely lansinoh must have some idea how much time , sacrifice and emotion go into each and every ounce of breastmilk a mother pump to store for she baby . why on earth would you sell we something that leak so badly ?! i exclusively pump breastmilk for 9 1\/2 month to feed my daughter because we be unable to nurse . i store ton of milk in these lansinoh bag in the freezer . if only i would have know before it come time to actually thaw the milk , how crappy these bag be , i would have switch to another brand 9 month ago ! probably about 75-80 % of these bag leak along the seam -lrb- many in multiple place -rrb- while thawing . now that i be on my last stash of milk today and have 99.9 % wean from pump , i have spend some time cry over my sink as the last few bag of milk for my little one spout fountain -lrb- that i can not quite capture into a bottle -rrb- out the bottom and side seam and run down the drain . yes , thanks a lot , lansinoh , for make the last few remnant of liquid gold -lrb- that cost i so much emotionally already -rrb- cause i more stress and tear once again .
435	Baby	NEG	2	i get a lot of compliment on these because they be cute , but my 6 month old be crawl in they for no more than 5 minute and they be wear thin and the thread be unraveling . i be very disappointed . if you be look for leg warmer that will hold up with a active baby then choose a different brand .
