index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
473	Gloves	POS	4	so far so good . they come in small size which be good for my smaller hand . i have a question . what be the 2 little tab that be attach near the inner wrist ???
143	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be very good . in the begin the material be little hard . but after one or two week it be perfect . if you just work in a office and you hand be too soft for the bar at the gym these glove be great for you . at least , i be very satisfied with my purchase .
515	Gloves	POS	5	my husband receive a pair of these glove as a retirement gift -- like he would be do a lot of gardening or handyman thing around the house ! instead , he use these at the gym to lift weight , etc. , and love they . i buy another pair through amazon for christmas , as he be always misplace the original pair ... now he have 2 pair .
326	Gloves	POS	4	the glove be really nice and seem to have a lot better quality than the older style . my only problem be that the old style fit with xl but these be a bit more tighter . after a while my finger start to get the numb sensation . i have be wear they for 2 week now and they area around the finger have loosen up . if you do not mind the tightness at first i would get these glove . they feel good and provide pretty good flexibility . or you can get the next size up : -rrb-
634	Gloves	POS	5	these glove meet the purpose i need they for , they seem like they will last awhile unlike the golds gym brand i get from walmart , they will seem very loose at first but once you break they in they relax to you hand very well .
485	Gloves	POS	5	i purchase these glove with the intent of buy another pair of cheap glove . but i be glad to say that the padding have not wear down . they fit nice . the only thing be that they fit small . so if my suggestion be to go a size bigger . overall i give they 5 star .
541	Gloves	POS	4	these glove be perfect for workout involve heavier weight when a wrist guard be not prefer . both side of the glove be pretty heavily pad to avoid blister . also , i have have glove in the past with weak spot between the padding that easily rip . these do not . the only thing i find a little odd be the two little leather loop on the inside of the wrist . these be here to attach to the packaging . why be they leather and why be they permanent ? weird .
797	Gloves	POS	4	i have largeish female hand . the webbing be fine to bwide and the finger hole be tight when wet , of course . all man should get large and woman small or med , as i do . about be small-dont htink so-they be just tght when wet-thaat how the material be . i like they - the feel of they swim through the water - you arm do more . they could have be a bit shorer on the finger , perhaps . no , definately not small run , as other feel .
227	Gloves	POS	5	i be a mail carrier for the post office . after several year of winter with painful finger from the cold and wet . i find the boxhandler . although they be not waterproof , they keep my hand warm and protect from ice , road salt and frozen mailbox . i be able to handle the letter with suprising dexterity . i would recommend these glove to anyone who work outside in the winter and finger dexterity be very important .
857	Gloves	POS	4	i have have no problem with this product . i will be most likely re-purchase they . they be clear , vinyl glove with a small amount of powder . not too bulky . nice product . i carry a box to work with i everyday - i work in the medical field . i do not know if i would recommend they for heavy-duty physical labor as i have not use they for that purpose . i just wish shipping be cheaper .
106	Gloves	POS	5	i get these to work in the yard . i find they really comfortable and have a good grip . i have go through a lot of standard leather yard glove but i be changingto expand option like this . they be even good for pull larger weed .
882	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great ! they be size small so order they large like every one else say . they be a little stiff at the web of you finger when they be new but a couple workout and they fit and feel fine . i have no problem with loss of grip do lat pull downs or pull up with these glove at all . the leather in the palm have just the right amount of thickness and be very tough but pliable . the mesh back be breathable and do not overheat you hand . i would have pay twice the price for these if i have to .
401	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be everything i expect and then some ... a little stiff during the first 30-45 minute of use they the first time , but once they be break in the comfort level be phenominal !! the quality of these glove be outstanding ! i plan on order another pair but i do not think these will ever wear out !!! great product !!!
585	Gloves	POS	4	i get they for my boyfriend who start lift , he say they be great . they help with hand pain so he can lift heavier weight and for longer duration . for beginner , i would strongly recommend !
852	Gloves	POS	5	wow !! this product come in 2 day after i buy it !! and i have never see better quality work ... worth the money !!! -lrb- pretty cheap too -rrb- ; -rrb-
138	Gloves	POS	5	i find these glove to fit my need perfectly . they be durable , comfortable , and get the job do . i switch to these from store brand glove that have wrist support , after have positive experience with other harbinger product . these seem to hold up much longer , and be a pleasure to use . i be 5 ' 11 '' , with a slim build , and hand that may be a bit on the smaller side ... but i decide to go with the medium size glove since that be the size i buy for all my clothes . i can not speak for people of different sizes\/builds , but for i they fit and work great . if you be look for a solid pair of glove and do not need wrist support , give these a try . i recently purchase a backup pair to have on hand just in case my original ever wear out . these be my new glove of choice unless\/until i find something that be somehow better .
549	Gloves	POS	4	i buy these glove because they be washable and people rave about they durability . i agree with both of those point , but be a little disappointed in the glove because they do not have flap that extend to the second knuckle on my finger . the lack of protection mean the glove do not provide enough protection and grip on some exercise .
895	Gloves	POS	5	i get what i order so would highly recomment this . the product receieve be genuine and upto my expectation . . couldnt have ask for more
357	Gloves	POS	4	update : i just want to update this . i send the glove back to ironclad and today receive a replacement pair . i be glad because i really like these glove . i be hopeful these will hold up better and that i just get some that be defective in some way . i purchase a pair of these because i see a television show about they and because they be washable leather so i would be able to wash the sweat out of they . i be not a hard user of they . i also choose this pair because they be call `` ranchworx '' so i assume they be tough enough to work on the ranch , i.e do some fencing -lrb- no barb wire -rrb- , move hay bale , move fence panel , etc. . well they do not last 6 month ! my right index finger -lrb- dominant hand -rrb- be wear through and only get larger and larger . also split at the seem below my thumb . then when i call they to return they for a warranty replacement they say i have to send they in and they would `` review '' they . could be week before anything happen . how disappointing ! if you need a good , tough , durable pair of glove ... i would avoid these .
405	Gloves	POS	5	i work in agriculture and have try out many glove , for general utility , they work great . i have try a pair of dewalt glove similar to these and they do not last a very long time . i have get some wear on the first layer around one thumb , but yet to see a hole . i prefer these glove over a general leather glove because of the snug fit on my hand . i recommend .
281	Gloves	POS	5	have use these glove for a while , on my 3rd pair , and they be great . slip they on and off with no problem , they fit my hand perfectly there be no bunching or loose fingertip which make i want to wear they for just about anything . the exterior do get cut up and nick pretty easily but i would rather the glove get tear up than my hand . i use they for pull up carpet , tack strip , work on the car , some yard work , hammering , put up wall stud , drywall , plywood , store holiday decoration and any other possible use i can come up with .
45	Gloves	POS	4	title say it all . i buy the x-large -lrb- that be my normal glove size -rrb- but should have purchase the large -lrb- the glove stretch slightly -rrb- .
495	Gloves	POS	4	i have use this glove on almost a daily basis for the last 2 month and they be among the best i have own . the seam on the first and second finger of this glove have not fail like most of my other glove and the double layer of leather on the finger tip ensure it will not wear through . my hand be medium size , but i have small finger . i be hesitant to order glove online because i insist on glove with finger that fit ; i hate have space at a glove finger tip . i cross my finger and order a small size ; the finger fit well but the palm be a little small . although the glove feel a little small at first , the palm material stretch very well and the pair soon feel just fine . however , the a seam around the stretchy material in the palm be begin to fail . these glove be inexpensive , fit well , and hold up . i be go to buy another pair .
137	Gloves	POS	5	i have a home repair and remodel business and use these glove everyday . i always keep 2 or 3 pair in my truck . the be bullet proof .
203	Gloves	POS	4	i work in a dairy box there good glove until they get wet im sure alot of people wont be work a wet damp environment so u can probably ignore that , great grip on they and the fit tight ! so i can get my hand into tight place i will definitely buy these again when it come time for new glove
453	Gloves	POS	4	i just start kick boxing so these glove be fine . however , i do not realize glove have different strap length . the glove i receive have very short strap . it be hard to fasten the 1st glove and almost impossible to fasten the 2nd glove . oh well , will research better next time .
984	Gloves	POS	5	i actually use these glove in place of biking glove . not only be they far superior in protection , but they cost far less . i normall wear a xl and the xxl be just a bit snug , but they be well make and look to be very durable .
353	Gloves	POS	4	i buy these to protect my hand from grow a bunch of callus . i tend to get they easily , and especially so when lift weight . these be sturdy glove that also offer some wrist support . the first pair i receive have a stitching problem that cause the material around the thumb to come loose so i return they for another pair . worth note be that these glove run a bit on the small side . i get a large , and they feel pretty tight compare to other large glove i have use in the past . you could definitely get a larger pair than you usually use and be fine in my opinion .
367	Gloves	POS	4	swim glove provide additional resistance to put more strain on the shoulder , arm , and lat . this build muscle . the glove be size rather inaccurately . i have a `` large '' hand , but the large size be almost too large for my hand . i recommend purchase a size smaller than what one usually use in glove . my only beef be that the velcro closure piece be incorrectly place on the wrist cuff . the velcro should extend farther than it be place on the wrist cuff . the way it be now , very little velcro on the strap engage the velcro on the glove . kone
597	Gloves	POS	5	i participate in water aerobic class 4 time a week & be look for a way to improve my workout . these glove give excellent resistance in the water & have greatly improve my performance . i take a size 8 in regular glove and order a medium . they fit very well with the closure grip snugly , & the finger of the glove stop just short of the end of my finger . this allow for easy use of other aquatic exercise equipment without have to remove the glove . well make ,  speedo aqua fit train swim glove
490	Gloves	POS	5	have not use they yet to work on the car . -lrb- i do not want to get they greasy . -rrb- i have enjoy use they for bike ride , and other light work around the garage . they provide good cushioning , protection and grip . they remind i of soccer goalie ' glove except the palm and finger be more durable and not quite as sticky with more `` feeling '' \/ sensitivity .
426	Gloves	POS	5	can not go wrong with mechanix wear glove . i use to buy the one with the wrist strap , but not anymore . the fast fit glove slide right onto you hand and no strap to deal with . certainly a preferred method imo .
876	Gloves	POS	5	this be a excellent product for those who exercise in the water . i use they regularly . they fit well and seem very durable .
294	Gloves	POS	5	i wear they ride my bike to work and back . i work out door and handle alot of money , they be perfect for count money , keep my hand warm and ride my bike . they be well make and strong .
828	Gloves	POS	5	i have be use these glove for two year . the quality of fit be not match by any other glove money can buy . if you be do work that put a lot of wear on glove , such as haul firewood , go buy cheap leather glove . however , if you be go to be do work where you actually have to use you finger , or you find yourself take glove off every five minute to do mundane task , these be the glove to get . i use they outdoors everyday at work , and they work great for any activity where you need good grip , and maximum dexterity , such as shooting . for those review that complain about they not be waterproof , that be a advantage . these glove breathe much better than any waterproof glove , allow you to keep they on when you be use they to work in the 100 + degree weather . they also provide excellent grip and fit while soaked . i have use they dry down to 25 degree . if you be look for a glove to get wet in the winter , go buy ski glove . also , although it be not suggest by the manufacturer , i have machine wash and tumble dry these glove quite often , and have never have any ill effect .
140	Gloves	POS	4	add to the workout in water aerobic . run large but well worth the cost . help with back exercise and resistence
489	Gloves	POS	5	my wife drive a school bus every day , i give she a lot of credit for that . in that line of work much time be spend be sure that the bus be safe for the precious cargo it carry . when i find out that she be check she king pin , lug nut and the whole safety check with a pair of cloth gardening glove that have green clover all over they i know something have to be do . after a extensive yet pleasant search i settle on the mechanix wear fast fit glove , i be glad i do , they run true to size and have hold up well . a side note be that all the other driver have stop snicker about she fancy garden glove and wish they have a pair of these in they life . they be a good glove .
70	Gloves	POS	5	i have get to highlight these as quality glove . the leather here be soft , flexible , and properly place . the material do not shrink in the wash .
62	Gloves	POS	4	i have only use they for a few casual project around the garage and around the yard . they fit well , stay on well , and be comfortable . no problem grip small item , pick up nut and bolt . better suit for the garage than for yardwork . rose thorn etc. , go through they pretty easily , but that be not what they be design for . good value .
741	Gloves	POS	4	i use they while mow and other yard activity . i would say i be a heavy user because i do at least 2hr a week in the yard so ...
554	Gloves	POS	5	in all honesty , this deserve a 4 out of 5 because 5 would probably be for something awesome . this be just cool , it do it be job normally but i have a valeo workout glove and it do pretty much the same . i have only have it for two week now so i be not completely sure on durability , especially cause i do not use it for vigorous weight training or anything , just here and there . it be comfortable and fit i , however , i notice that even though i follow the size recommendation , it be on the tighter size . not the uncomfortable range , but to the point that if it be even a tad smaller , it would not have work at all . and the only reason it even fit be because i also have skinny hand so if you have normal or big man hand , get a size up . so if you think you be a large , get a extra large , etc etc. . the size go like this , take a tape measure and measure around the knuckle area . completely around . in inch . 6.5 - 7 = x 7 - 7.5 = s 7.5 - 8 = l 8 - 8.5 = x l etc etc. . so if you have skinny hand , you can stay with you size , if you have thick man hand , it be highly recommend to get a size up . i do not have girly hand or anything like that , it be just that my hand be thinner , especially my finger . how durable will probably take time to determine , but so far i be pretty happy , the purchase be a decent one . lift weight feel better .
840	Gloves	POS	5	these be fantastic glove . i get a pair for my mechanic son , who work in he shop without heat once in a while . get they a year ago , he be finally wear they out . bought new pair -lrb- this one -rrb- and he be tell everyone how good they be , put they down in a locker at a roller derby game and they be go within a few minute . have to buy another pair , he can not live without they . say the palm extra material make they fantastic .
6	Gloves	POS	5	i really love the price vs amount for these glove . i use they to dye my hair , not for any medical purpose . i still need to be able to have sensitivity in my finger and protection from the dye and bleach and these do a great job . if i ever run out of these -lrb- it will be a while ! -rrb- i will definitely repurchase
699	Gloves	POS	5	keep i warm and help to create resistance in the water whwn do arm workout . try they you 'll see a difference .
388	Gloves	POS	5	good glove , good price . very comfortable , be sure to order a little big though .
586	Gloves	POS	5	i buy my second pair of glove after the 1st be steal at my local gym , and be really please with they , the only tiny niggle be the finger be a bit tight and i have to kinda pull the cut off part of the finger ending to get they off but im sure with time that will become easier as the glove mold to my hand .
237	Gloves	POS	5	the swim glove be exactly what be picture on amazon , and they be $ 6.00 less than in the store . a good deal .
601	Gloves	POS	5	if you want to gain those michele obama arm , try the speedo aqua gloves ... they give you the water push you need to speed up the fitness . do not go into the water without they ! get rid of those flop bat wing underarm forever !
355	Gloves	POS	5	i already have a pair of these glove and after several year -lrb- 5 or more -rrb- of use and they be start to wear out . i order another pair for when the first pair go . just wash the old pair of ironclad glove and it seem that it give they a new life . what be wear be the reinforce \/ stitch finger tip . they be start to have a tendency to catch on thing . they be great for use with a chain saw and other garden tool such as a rototiller . the padded palm make the vibration of the tool tolerable . i would definitely recommend they as a work glove for use outside .
990	Gloves	POS	4	these be really nice , sturdy glove that be very thick and make of real cowhide . i use they as part of a dr. horrible costume , but i be sure they would be a worthy purchase for welder as well !
961	Gloves	POS	5	i use these for tactical a shooting . they be great . true to size . grip and pad where you need it and not where you do not . highly reccomend .
85	Gloves	POS	5	i get these for my dad for father day and he swim every morning during the week , these help to get he shoulder back up to par after he surgury and make swim a total workout , def . worth the purchase
144	Gloves	POS	4	great for hit a bag . solidly make . padding be spread out a bit so you can really feel the punch , i would probably look for something a bit more padded for spar though .
800	Gloves	POS	5	da harbinger glove dey be da best make of leatha soft as big natural breast da harbinger glove da workout be good just wearin ' dem make i walk with half wood
538	Gloves	POS	4	i be just in between the m and the l -lrb- 8 '' circumference -rrb- , so , base on other review about go up a size i opt for the large . though the glove fit , it be a little bit loose , but not enough to say i buy the wrong size . i do see how other user could have the pinching between the finger , but since my glove be slightly roomy , i do not have this problem . i have have it for a few week and use it 3 time a week for freeweight , kettlebell , and strap . i be glad i buy these glove . i give 4 star because it should be possible to get a snug fit glove without the pinching .
463	Gloves	POS	5	def what i expect and it be not that expensive . i can lift more pound at the gym now without hurt my hand . only thing i do not like be when do sit up and have you friend throw a medicine ball for you to catch . it hurt you hand when you catch it . but not a big deal i just take it off .
889	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be really great for hit the bag or training . they do run a little tight , i have the 12oz glove and have pretty small hand for a guy and they feel a bit tight . i still have to break they in so im sure the glove will fit perfect once i do . but if you like you glove to fit a little loose get the 14oz .
389	Gloves	POS	5	at first , i be very skeptical of these glove . i have recently buy $ 15 reebok glove that be completely useless . you could imagine my skepticism when i see these glove be a few dollar less . i decide to take a chance , listen to the review , and order a size medium . pro : excellent padding very good overall padding , especially for back workout . comfortable to wear and react to sweat well inside of the glove it do not get itchy or leave mark all over my hand unlike other brand . con : tight the size be a little tight . i have somewhat feminine hand so i buy these men glove in medium instead of a large . the fit be very snug and take they off cause quite a scene . but the tight fit do not hurt my workout whatsoever . over all , good buy !
202	Gloves	POS	5	the best i have ever find for the job i ask of it . i work in a garage and often need a combination of tactile application couple with protection . these glove offer both , and they last . if i be work with wire rope or roofing shingle , i use leather glove .
330	Gloves	POS	5	i buy these to replace the brake and do routine maintenance on both of my car , and so far , they have be worth every penny pay for they . they be easy to get on and off , and provide protection against cut and hot surface . the mechanix website have a size chart in case you have question about what size to order . i end up with a medium even though my other glove be all in the large or x-large range , so double check the chart !!
517	Gloves	POS	5	glove  harbinger 143 man 's pro flexclosure wash & dry gloves  i use the glove at the gym while exercise on they equipment . order at least one size larger than you normal glove size . i generally buy large size glove , but order xx-large and they fit well . if you have get any concern and do not want to hassle with a return , go to a brick & mortar store and try some on .
360	Gloves	POS	5	very well make , wear well . these help immensely with a work out . word of caution - this be we second pair because in addition to my son who love these glove , we dog do also . do not leave they lie around !
667	Gloves	POS	5	i purchase these glove for training purpose . they be good quality and a solid glove especially for the price . the palm area have a mesh , which help to air they out and the inside have a coating to help prevent bacterium and glove that stink . overall a great glove for training . i would recommend these to anyone who train for western style boxing , mui thai , mma , etc. .
647	Gloves	POS	5	hola a todos de verdad i gusto el guante , es de buena calidad , con respecto a la talla i quedo bien lo habia pedido s y perfecto . se lo recomiendo !!
212	Gloves	POS	5	i be a gym rat , work out 4 + time a week for 2 hour a day . i do about 1 hour of free weight then 1 hour of cardio . my last pair of harbinger gloves be steal from i at the gym while i shower . they be $ 40 harbinger model 1250 -lrb- grey color , with wrist strap -rrb- . i love those glove , but i do not want to spend another $ 40 for glove i may lose or have steal , so i find these on amazon for under $ 15 -lrb- harbinger model 143 , natural -rrb- . i be very pleased with these glove . the color natural be better look in person than in the pic . while these do not have wrist strap , they be as nice as the 1250 model . very well make , great job amazon !!!! comfortable and durable . i have be buy weight lifting glove for over 20 year , and these can hang with the best . i take a large and these be true to size . also no bleeding from dye inside the glove that stain you hand after you sweat the first few time you use they . also these glove keep you hand cool while you lift , make you glove less likely to smell of sweat after you take they off . i apply some talcum powder to my hand before i put the glove on . and the glove look and smell very clean . i be very impressed with the stitching , it be very obvious that these be not cheap glove . i would expect to pay at least $ 30 for these glove , not $ 13.49 !!! so i truly feel that i get a bargain . i may just buy another pair at this price as a backup pair . so if you be on the fence about buying , and need a quality , affordable pair of workout glove , i can not see you go wrong with these . these glove can be find online or at some sporting goods stores , though you will not find as cheap as amazon be sell they for . i do not know if this be amazon 's normal price ?? , or if the $ 13.49 be just blind luck on my behalf ?? i hope this review help .
178	Gloves	POS	5	i be in the household appliance sale and repair business and wear my glove most of the time when i be work . i can use the glove when move and\/or repair appliance without any problem . when do repair i can wear they and remove screw and such and can feel exactly what i be do and still enjoy the protection peace of mind by wear the glove . i work a lot outside with appliance delivery and such and yesterday it be 104 degree and wear the glove be not uncomfortable at all with the wick action of the fabric they be make of . do not think this until after i be finish but yesterday i change a compressor in a refrigerator in a home and do not take my glove off from the the time i start until i start my truck a hour and 1\/2 later . nothing i do in the process require i to take they off . even pick up schrader valve and small item be do with these glove on . i have two pair : one pair i keep in my truck and one pair i keep on my desk so i be sure to have a pair handy put on when i need they . i also have two more pair i order from amazon i keep in my drawer -lrb- unopened -rrb- encase the one i use ever wear out . great glove !
64	Gloves	POS	5	bach instrument polishing gloves , silver use a polish cloth to clean one of my silver plate trumpet require hold the horn with one hand , which leave finger print . with these glove , you can handle or polish a instrument without actually touch it ; hence , no smudge . the glove can do the actual polishing , but they will not stay white for long do that . my preference be to hold the instrument with a gloved hand and a polish cloth in the other . these glove be far superior to polish mitt , since you can not get a secure grip on you horn use a mitt . these be stretch glove , with no size mark on they . they seem to be a men size large , although my xxl -lrb- size 12 -rrb- hand stretch the glove to a perfect fit , include the finger . my wife 's hand be average size for a woman and these glove be way too big for she . there be no left or right glove ; each can be use for either hand . if you have a silver plate instrument and you hand size be large or greater , you should be happy with this product . quality be excellent .
939	Gloves	POS	5	i order this clarinet because i want to learn to play a wind instrument and i like the color that be different . i live on a island in the atlantic and i expect the shipment to take at least a month like other package do . but i be surprise when i get the notification e-mail alert i that my package have arrive . when i pick up my packeage and open it be like aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh love at first sight . thank you very much amazon  barcelona bb clarinet with case , polishing cloth , gloves , and cork wax - white
162	Gloves	POS	5	i be a union carpenter and have spend close to $ 2000.00 on `` brown jersey '' glove and leather palm work glove since 1987 i buy the iron-clad glove back in july of ' 02 , and have use they to do demo , framing , insulation , drywall -lrb- use screw and screwgun -rrb- ... they function fine and i have wash mine twice ! i have long fingernail on my right hand -lrb- guitar -rrb- and the glove have protect they without a break ... ... pardon the pun ... . and the glove have hold up well to the contact with the fingernail ... i doubt if they would hold-up in concrete or the mud ...
506	Gloves	POS	5	this be my second pair . i be still use the old one -lrb- about 4 year old -rrb- and this one look more rugged .
154	Gloves	POS	4	i think i get my first pair of harbinger 143 glove from amazon nearly three year ago now . that pair last quite a long time before i decide to replace they due to wear -lrb- seam come apart -rrb- and odor -lrb- after a while , it seem like no pair of leather glove be immune to stink , even after repeat wash -rrb- . i quite like my first pair and be surprise to find some less than good review here , include comment from people about how they glove fall apart rather quickly . well , i order another pair of these only about a year ago and they be already in much worse shape than the previous pair that last twice as long , despite get the same amount of use from i . i also notice that some other reviewer mention how these glove be tighter than they should be , and that do not describe my first pair but definitely describe my second . just a few day ago , i order another replacement pair . i obviously can not say whether they will hold up better than the second pair i have , but i can report that even though the glove be ostensibly the same size the new pair be , in fact , not nearly as tight on my have as my second pair . i be a bit frustrated by the lack of consistency in what be suppose to be the same product , but i do like these glove overall . -lrb- i guess that be obvious or i would not have order another pair again ! -rrb-
479	Gloves	POS	4	i buy these swim glove in yellow , in order to be see on we busy lake in the summer . my husband like they so much he ask that i order a pair for he . i think they run a little large , and they stretch , so order they a bit smaller .
104	Gloves	POS	5	these welding glove do what they be suppose to . i just start use they so i can not speak to long-term durability but they feel as strong as any other leather welding glove i have use . when put they on for the first time , they be very comfortable and fit pretty well . i normally wear size l glove . i hope this help because i be use they for welding and not for a costume . i guess i can not blame they though , if i be shop for something , i would want what i see in the picture . in my case , my glove be the same color as what be picture ; maybe just a tad darker .
204	Gloves	POS	4	these glove be great . well make and a great upgrade from the regular harbinger glove . try they on in a store first though , they run about one size smaller than you would expect and from the non-pro version .
82	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be excellent . i teach a cardio boxing class and need something with good padding to protect my knuckle . these glove deliver just that . they be comfortable and be a good weight . they do have a strong odor , but it be not noticeable for long .
655	Gloves	POS	5	these glove protect my hand from blister while i de-thatch we 8,000 sq. ft. yard . the process take a couple day and my back hurt , but my hand have no blister .
729	Gloves	POS	4	love these glove . they seem to be work out just fine . the only thing that suck be that i listen to everyone else and order a size bigger than i normally do but it be still too small . . next time i 'll order 2 size bigger and i suggest everyone do the same .
577	Gloves	POS	5	the handler say it all be the perfect say for this glove . you get a good grip on slippery item . the diamond clad sticky palm increse you grip for handle . i purchase these for my son-in law who be a sheet rock handler and absolutly love they . he say the fit be comfortable doe to the spandex top and the terry cloth thumb upper and the velco cuff closer .
870	Gloves	POS	5	these be heavy duty , thick glove . some user may be use to \/ prefer they glove on the thinner side . thankfully , i read some review and actually measure my hand in the manner recommend by the manufacturer prior to order . base upon a old pair of glove i have my first instinct be to order a size medium . base upon harbinger 's size guide , i be right on the break between size large and x-large . base upon reviewer comment , i go with the x-large size . and , i be glad i do . they fit very snugly and i can not imagine the large size would even fit i .
26	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great ! i use they for food preparation -lrb- raw meat , dice chili pepper , etc -rrb- and they have be excellent . many similar glove i have get in the past will have several glove that tear or break when i put they on , but none so far for i ! the only thing be the glove be a little large ; i order xl and wear xl for most other glove-related thing , and these glove be somewhat -lrb- barely -rrb- loose . i kind have expect glove to be a little more snug , so i guess i 'll buy l next time around .
789	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be great for just about everything . they be well make and have great padding for you fist . ive upload photo of the product which do come with the new yellow `` e '' everlast logo . these glove be firm so if you do want to do any kind of spar both partner should have proper protective headgear on . if you be look for a great pair of training glove and do not want to spend of $ 30 these be a awesome buy . i order the 16 oz glove which be not to large be small .
258	Gloves	POS	5	these glove arrive in new retail packaging . i be very pleased with the quality after use they . only take 3 day to receive they
841	Gloves	POS	5	my mother want a pair for christmas , she hate she old pair . when she use this pair she love they say it be like night and day difference , they work great and ask i to get she another pair !
848	Gloves	POS	5	i love these glove because they help my hand stay smoothe and still allow i to pound the weight . thanks glove .
418	Gloves	POS	5	great pair of glove for the shop or for move stuff around . perfect fit , keep the tip of finger warm , and the grip on the palm side make it easy to keep hold
660	Gloves	POS	5	i use these glove 5 time a week . go on the 12th week now , still go strong . these glove be on point !
735	Gloves	POS	5	excellent grip , comfortable to wear . i use it for carpentry , work on my car , and shotgunning . the towel-like thumb work well to take sweat off the face in warm condition .
731	Gloves	POS	4	these be very solid and snug fitting glove . i really like they , and they seem well build . one thing to keep in mind be that the leather around the finger be very strong and will take a while to be work in . for the first few time of use , they will pinch you finger , but eventually this will go away . i recommend these if you want to protect you hand from callus .
135	Gloves	POS	5	this be the second time i have order these glove for my own personal training . in fact , i order two set this time . i use they almost daily so they last approx . six month . i do feel the difference when i have forget they at home as i feel the force of the strength training in these . i definitely recommend these glove to those who want to try they and i would bet you will order a extra pair . enjoy !
24	Gloves	POS	5	these be awesome ... exactly what i be look for , i use they in my swim arobic class & work beautifully ! i can feel it work my arm so much more than without . very good price too !
514	Gloves	POS	5	this weight lifting glove be very comfortable and easy to get on and off , however i be female and usually wear a size large in a lady glove and have to order a xxl in a man 's size , so they do run small . outside of they run small , i rate they very highly . they be hard to wear out .
471	Gloves	POS	5	i buy these glove a week or two ago and have wear they 6 day a week , for roughly 4 to 9 hour a day and i have not have a singe problem with they yet -lrb- except for my friend steal they from i because they have not have the chance to go and get they own pair yet -rrb- . it seem to i after read several other review that the people who complain about these glove be not use they for they recommend purpose . ironclad 's design philosophy be to make highly task specific glove -lrb- to get more information on what task these and other ironclad glove be specify for go to the iron clad website , iclad.com -rrb- these glove be not for gardening , the company say so , so why buy they for that ? of course they will not work as well . a friend of mine buy a pair of ironclad glove and use they for 5 year without any problem , and then buy himself another pair recently . it seem to i , that these glove be aware of they owner intend usage , and self destruct if it be something lighter duty then they be design for -lrb- i.e. landscaping or the weekend warrior -rrb- these glove be not for the weekend warrior , they be for anything from rig to carpentry to light demolition to law enforcement and everything in between -lrb- and gardening be not include in that spectrum -rrb-
427	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be make well , durable , comfortable and a great value . i lift weight 2 to 3 time a week , to take a little stress off of my hand and assist my grip i buy these glove . they be very comfortable and fit perfectly . i buy a medium pair and they be definitely a snug fit , but not too tight . i have not have any issue with excessive moisture buildup or anything that would cause these to work improperly . great price , great fit , and perfect for heavy lifting . i would highly reccommend to anyone look for a new pair of weight lifting glove .
470	Gloves	POS	4	exactly what i need for my pe class as we be get into weight lifting . they be comfortable to wear and do they job as weight lifting glove . - one problem with the glove be the stress they can exert at the v between finger when catch a weight ball . watch out for that , it 'll hurt .
760	Gloves	POS	4	sometimes weight slip b\/c the glove slip off , but for the most part , it work well at protect my hand and enhance my grip .
32	Gloves	POS	5	i have large hand and i do not know if they would fit , and they fit very good . i have already wash they and they come out fine . i will be buy more in teh future .
533	Gloves	POS	4	make the upper body part of a water aerobic workout more challenging . these glove provide good resistance but they do wear out , for i it take about a year of three time a week use to wear through the material .
168	Gloves	POS	5	i wish these glove be available everywhere , and wonder why not . i have try many kind - and these be the best - fit great , grip well , comfortable , and protect my hand just the way i want . i buy a extra pair and fear the day i can no longer get they .
356	Gloves	POS	5	i wear out my first pair of glove . amazon 's price be very competitive . i buy the medium but maybe could have use the small . they run just a bit bigger than you think , if you like they tight fitting .
711	Gloves	POS	5	i get these to do kettle bell workout with . they do a great job of protect my hand from callouse and blister !
693	Gloves	POS	4	they be great to start out with a punch bag . i have never use one before so these get i over be gentle with it . i practice bare fist now so i do not use these glove anymore , but still they be perfect at the time for what i need . quality be good , i have no complaint on the build . i get the 12 ounce one , my hand be relatively big with a `` boney '' build . my fingertip go to the end of the glove exactly , if i have any larger hand , these would be too small .
276	Gloves	POS	5	i be a aircrew member in the united states air force . most of my job-related responsibility require i to wear glove for safety and protection . i have previously use the popular mechanix brand automotive glove -lrb- the basic model -rrb- . i find these glove to be overprice for the durability and protection offer with the product . they last anywhere between 2-3 week on the job before hole be wear through the fingertip of the thumb , index , and middle finger of the glove . custom leathercraft glove offer optimum safety and protection for the demand of my occupation . the thumb , index , and middle glove finger be reinforce , extend the life of the glove well beyond that of my previously favor glove brand . the glove body be make up of a stretchy , but durable material that allow a comfortable fit and tear resistance . for the price at which this product be sell , i be beyond satisfied with the performance of these glove . note : i usually wear a large , but at the time i purchase the product only a medium or xl be offer . i buy the medium and the glove fit perfectly , probably due to the stretch allow by the glove body .
121	Gloves	POS	4	i have own these glove for about a month . i have swim with they about 100 lap per week . they be comfortable and extremely functional . guess the size be really the only dilemma in purchase they . it be good to err on the side of larger than you think .
987	Gloves	POS	5	these be great glove ! i be on the my second pair -lrb- only because i have lose one glove -rrb- and they be simply perfect - strong , comfortable , close fitting , extremely durable and well make . five star .
68	Gloves	POS	5	these glove really work great for what i need . we have a lot of brush -lrb- include thorn -rrb- that i be clear out . these glove help protect my hand even from the thorn . great make product !
563	Gloves	POS	4	i get these for work in antarctica . so far no complaint , my hand stay warm on most day here but occasionaly get a little chill . i think i buy xl but get large instead , a little snug at first but once break in a good fit . the tightness might have something to do with my hand get cold .
211	Gloves	POS	4	pro : well make . easy to put on and take off . good resistance in the water . comfortable . con : color do not hold up to the chlorine in the pool . the color will fade in a short time .
994	Gloves	POS	4	thesis glove be simply wonderfull because they be durable , strong and ... washable . it be amazing but i do not feel they hot during these last sunny day , very comfortable . i wish they could be little bigger for a xxl size
982	Gloves	POS	5	the glove be perfect , strong yet flexible a nice snug fit also . arthur\/ca ps do you sell a larger size glove just the pair i bought\/i need a pair one or two size larger thanks arthur\/ca
539	Gloves	POS	5	these be the best glove i have come across for roofing . these glove have outlast all other . dexterity and grip be good . wearout be great as these kind have be in use daily for two month before the finger tip wear out . in a roofing enviroment that be great !
361	Gloves	POS	5	very warm and fit true ! i highly recommend these glove for all biker chick !!! just put they on and away you go !
447	Gloves	POS	5	i have use the speedo glove for about a year now and i love they . they provide a great upper body workout , especially if you spread you finger out . i swim six day a week , so the glove start to wear out after about three or four month . i usually purchase the blue glove , but amazon be run a sale on the yellow , so i grab those instead . i do not know if there be a difference between they , but the yellow have last longer then the blue one have . they seem better make and in the future i will strictly purchase the yellow . as note in previous review , the size run large . in regular glove i purchase either a large or x-large - for the speedo swim glove a medium be a perfect fit . for anyone who want a better upper body workout while swimming , these will certainly help . but you probably will be purchase 2-3 pair a year due to wear and tear on the glove - especially if you be swim in chlorine .
616	Gloves	POS	5	i have be use these glove for several year now . they fit very nice and snug and last forever . tip - flip they inside out after each workout to let the inside of the glove dry out . if not , after some time , it start to smell . that go for all glove ... not only this one .
403	Gloves	POS	4	i be use those myself and just buy a couple as a gift . i use these glove 3-4 time a week and they seem to be quite durable and comfortable . recommend those
683	Gloves	POS	5	my hubby need a set of these to work on copy machine , he be a copier tech , and when he have to handle hot fuser roller inside the machine , it burn . so he want a set of these to try to see if it could 1 - protect he hand and 2 - still be able to do enough small detail thing like the tiny screw and spring involve in repair . and these do great ! he can feel the screw while protect he hand !
963	Gloves	POS	5	i have be use lift glove for over 15 year and these be by far the best glove yet . i really notice the difference with the add padding on the palm and finger . they be make very well with real leather , not the cheap fake stuff . i think this be the best lifting glove on the market today .
299	Gloves	POS	5	well design glove if you be look for padding . seem well construct but i have use they for only a short time . a little work to get off but well worth the extra effort require by the padded half-finger .
179	Gloves	POS	5	i have have several pair of different glove and for the price these be the best and be easy to throw in the wash machine to clean .
40	Gloves	POS	5	i have be work out 5 time a week for a little over a year . at first , the callouse be nothing , and actually welcome , due to the fact that i have a white collar job and have hand comparible to a baby before i start lift . however , after a while when you hand be stiff as board , and callouse peel off and bother you , you start look at alternative . that be when i come onto these glove via trusty amazon . they be not bulky at all . they seem to be make of very high quality material . after a couple week of heavy use , there be no sign of any wear and tear . i expect to go through they much faster , but they appear to be build to last . the grip be definitely welcome , but they have accomplish the goal i buy they for . my callouse be already visible smaller , and i have not have they dry up and peel off in about a week . so , if you be look for a very reasonably price pair of workout glove , i would recommend wholey . great product .
368	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be nice-just what i expect . i buy these for my 15-yr-old for christmas to go with a punch bag use for exercise and a healthy way to release energy\/anger . he be not into boxing so i do not want glove that be `` over the top '' or too expensive . i just want some to protect he hand while use the bag . these do the trick without any other hand wrap . my son play football , soccer , and baseball in hs-not a lightweight . these be perfect !
588	Gloves	POS	5	i wrench a lot and also use this for to ride my bicycle . it be very comfortable , do not bulk up like other so-called $ 40 mtb glove that give you horrible blister and dirt cheap ! grip be excellent even for rubber or foam grip . few year ago i buy this and they last for quite some time . since then they change the design as i notice the wear be much faster so i have to buy a new pair every six month or so . but can not complain , for under $ 12 it be so worth the price !
700	Gloves	POS	5	nice glove , good dexterity . not for very heavy work -lrb- and not make for mechanic -rrb- , but really nice for anything else . recieve on time , would recommend seller .
110	Gloves	POS	4	i use these whenever work out with my free weight . they definitely save you hand from blister and a lot of other wear and tear . i would recommend they .
637	Gloves	POS	4	these glove end up a little small for a medium but hopefully they stretch out a little , but great for the price ! thx !
891	Gloves	POS	4	these be decent quality for a good price . notice they rip at the bottom a few time while pull they on .
97	Gloves	POS	5	i love these glove they fit well and there be not a lot of extra material around the finger . and they be very comfortable .
433	Gloves	POS	5	i buy these for my girlfriend . she lift pretty hard , and none of the woman-specific glove be adequate . these protect she hand from the bar well , and the finger be long enough to avoid bunch up and pinch . they fit a little funny on she hand , because she have skinny woman hand , but she say they be comfortable . i ask she what she would rate they , and she say 5 star .
536	Gloves	POS	5	i feel that this be a great product . it be price within my range . the glove fit well and provide good padding for my fist .
210	Gloves	POS	5	these be terrific glove and worth every penny . they wear like iron and be both comfortable and protective .
101	Gloves	POS	5	these pair of glove be great . they feel and fit greatly and most importantly protect nicely . one thing i have notice though , that the palm lining on the outside of the hand be a little off , as if the gray lining cover a little more on the side . nothing serious though : -rrb- still they be great quality , great overall glove .
761	Gloves	POS	4	i buy these glove to work on a horse and cattle ranch for a few week . the ranch have 27 horse and about 100 cattle , all need feeding every day and other care . i wear these glove for two week , all day every day , about 12 hour a day of hard work . i would say they have about 150 hour of hard labor on they . by the end , there be tare in the seam along the glove line but the rest of the glove be still hold up strong . all in all , awesome glove . if use for basic mechanic , gardening , yard work , etc. . these baby will last a long time . on a horse\/cattle ranch ? maybe two week . i be happy with the use i get out of they for the money , i do not expect they to last more then a few day .
572	Gloves	POS	4	take the advise of the other reviewer seriously ! order one size larger ! i do that and the xxl fit i snug . the padding be what i would call medium - which be just what i want . you can easily close you hand around a weight bar but there be some decent cushioning . the only reason i do not give five star be that the wrist strap can kind of distract and irritate just a little . also , i have only have these for about a month and use they probably ten time . so i can not say how they 'll hold up ... except that these replace another pair of harbinger that finally fall apart after about 5 year . that be pretty good for weight-lifting glove that get use -lrb- and sweat in -rrb- a lot . i do not bother do anything to take care of they either . these be soft leather and quite comfortable aside from the wrist thing i mention . they also feel sturdy which make i think they will last five year like my last pair do .
208	Gloves	POS	4	resistente y con un buen acabado , un precioso guante que a demas de prpteger tus manos te sirvn de adorno
992	Gloves	POS	5	i receive the item within a few day , it be very fast . the quality be also amazing i be love it
252	Gloves	POS	5	i use these for lift about a 1hr a day 5-6 day a week for the past month . they have break in nicely and be very comfortable . the size guide on the manufacture website be very useful and by use that the size i order fit perfectly .
819	Gloves	POS	5	i have not actually use the glove yet , since i have not reach a high enough weight where i be limit by the pain in my hand , but i do try they on and they feel great . they also come promptly and without a hitch .
746	Gloves	POS	5	i buy these glove to hit the heavy bag and practice my krav maga when i be not use my harbinger mma style glove . i can not speak to the durability of these glove because i have have they a week and only use they once but they seem decent . they do the job with protection and the mesh ventiliation allow for some cooling -lrb- if that be possible with wrap -rrb- . i would recommend these glove . i like the velcro because i can use my tooth to get the second glove on . as other have mention , the only downside be the smell . holy smoke they smell like they be forge by mutant in a radioactive toxic waste dump and have the ability to easily stink up a small non-ventilated space , even when not in use . i be hope that fade over time and my better smell bo take over . put these glove on , wear you three wolf shirt to the gym , and do not be surprise when the lady start throw they phone number at you .
910	Gloves	POS	4	acquire for a halloween costume -lrb- dr. horrible , from the web musical dr. horrible 's sing-along blog -rrb- . in that context , these glove serve well , though they do make it hard to grip cheetos .
317	Gloves	POS	4	i buy mine one size smaller -lrb- medium -rrb- as recommend by other reviewer . thanks for the tip ! these glove help my lap time quite a lot . i do not have big polar bear paw or large foot so i need all the help i can get , swim . they do get waterlog , of course , but they stay on and be relatively comfortable . i also use they for stand up on the bottom work out for my upper body . i really like they .
858	Gloves	POS	5	these be purchase for a friend that work at a grocery store deli . they be use for cold and room temp box that have be on pallet or in the freezer . be use 6 day a week from 6-8 + hour they have last a while . they even save my friend from a nasty cut thumb ! the grip do help , but like anything that be be use a lot , it wear . overall a good buy .
443	Gloves	POS	4	the glove be work great . it should be note that they be a bit different than what be picture . the velcro part be black and of a different material . this could be a change make by harbinger , i do not know . this be the first set i have receive like this . they fit and perform like other pair that i have buy before . additionally , the packaging be not the usual thick plastic zip-lock type bag with the silica gel but rather a high gloss cardboard backing to which the glove be attach . as i say before the glove work great i just want to note these difference so you know before you purchase and be not a bit suspicious when you first receive the product . these be more than likely change make by harbinger and simply not update by the seller .
220	Gloves	POS	5	i be super satisfied ! very comfortable . excellent grip . they look awesome . they last a long time and be very durable . easy to wash ! buy they !
15	Gloves	POS	5	we buy these to pound on a punch bag and they work great for it . i have never own glove before and would not know good from bad , but these do a great job at what we get they for !
516	Gloves	POS	5	i just purchase this and be eager to try . i would definitely recommend ~ very good if you want to add a little more drag to build better muscle or stay lean . .
92	Gloves	POS	5	it be a very good protection for my join , ` where i get hurt most of the time . however , this be not 4 sparring , trust i on this .
706	Gloves	POS	5	nice glove . in the past , i have have issue with my glove splitting or stretch out too much , even though i only life 2x per week now . have not have that problem with these . nice quality and snug fit . they look a bit bulky in the photo and they be a bit thicker than some , but they be not what i would call bulky . i would get another pair . these look like they be go to last i a while though .
831	Gloves	POS	5	i buy these for my sister 's 20th birthday gift . she love they ! they fit great , work perfect , and be very stylish ! i could not have get anything better for she !
755	Gloves	POS	5	came on time . works wonderfully . even use they to make some hand balloon . keep kid hand clean when do art and craft stuff
767	Gloves	POS	5	i buy these glove for my husband as a christmas gift . he have already use they a bunch of time . he say they fit great and be extremely comfortable . he say because of the way they fit , he can do any kind of job . whether be stack wood or pick up nail ...
481	Gloves	POS	4	this be a good basic training glove . works well and be adequately pad . one strange problem be the web between the middle and ring finger be fairly shallow compare to the rest of the glove - so while it do not `` pinch '' it do press against the web of my hand if i pull the glove on tight . although if i simply put the glove on without pull it down , it be fine and do not cause a problem while work out .
387	Gloves	POS	5	i be extremely happy with these harbinger pro flexclosure glove that i order through amazon . the material be comfortable for my hand , and the leather grip be excellent for hold weight , dumbbell , or other gym equipment . the velcro closure tab be sturdy but nothing special . i will comment like other here that the glove size run just a `` tad bit small\/tight '' . so if you be unsure what size you should order , you should consider round up to the next larger size than what you usually wear . very happy with these , i be tempt to order a spare set of these glove .
690	Gloves	POS	4	i like these glove a lot ! it be easy to take off and put on plus it really do reduce hand fatigue while work on car . it also give decent protection so i do not leave blood and flesh all over the place when i be work on a car . it be moisture resistant , not moisture proof . so liquid such as oils , coolant , water will start soak into it if you be constantly expose these glove to they . they be still great glove because i hate how sweaty my hand get when wear nitrile safety glove for very long period of time . now only time will tell how long they last . i will post a update to this review on the first sign that i see these glove start break down .
625	Gloves	POS	5	very sturdy , comfortable glove . zero complaint . i order large since many indicate they run small . they fit well - a hair big . i imagine a smaller size would be too small .
493	Gloves	POS	5	the glove increase the surface area expose to the water and greatly increase the resistance . great training aid . can lat up to a year .
431	Gloves	POS	5	these glove be just as comfortable or more comfortable than any other glove i have own . they have a great , leather feel , but be machine washable . very impressed .
556	Gloves	POS	5	good glove , my only fear be that i be not get the right size . that be not a problem and i be usee they 4-5 time a week . i would buy they again .
976	Gloves	POS	5	i use these glove at work almost every day and they be comfortable and do the job of protect you hand . and the price be right , also .
818	Gloves	POS	4	these be great work glove when it be above zero . allow some freedom to move and keep hand pretty warm ,
362	Gloves	POS	4	i be serious about acqua aerobic and the upper body workout i can get by use these high-resistance water glove . the unique velcro closure be a great improvement over other type which be a struggle to get on and off . wish they have a `` medium '' choice of size . they only make a s and a l. these glove be a great find and the price be right .
675	Gloves	NEG	2	i just get it today and one of my glove have a loose thread and there be a hole where the fabric and the band that go around you wrist meet . pretty crappy material . not impressed at all .
84	Gloves	NEG	1	absolutely do not buy these glove . at least not from rogers goods . not 1 hour after i start use the glove to rake the leaf off of my driveway the stitch on the back of 3 finger , 2 on one glove and 1 on the other , that connect the fabric to the leather have completely fall out . the glove be no longer stitch together so its pointless even try to use they again . the glove also give off a horrible musty odor like they have be sit around for 10 year . keep in mind the stitching be on the back of the glove , like where nothing would usually be rub on they , seem like a good design but these basically fall apart in my hand .
757	Gloves	NEG	2	these dainty and delicate glove be a must have for anyone 's halloween wardrobe . but i do not recommend they for actual metal work . as crazy as it sound , i use they for welding - hobby level at that - and the lining in mine rip free when put my hand in on the second day . the feel lining go up to the wrist , where it be sew to the leather shell , albeit poorly .
528	Gloves	NEG	1	it have a size problem , my mom and i measure my hand and it say size m , but it be too big and when i swim with that it do not work well . i have to organize all time and i can not swim good i be so sad , because it be so expensive and i can not use it : -lrb-
297	Gloves	NEG	1	another reviewer -lrb- by cameron scholtz phoenix , az usa -rrb- who post picture get it right . he have to cut the webbing of the glove . i be not cut anything of a brand new purchase . i return they right away and buy the harbinger flexfit train glove which be perfect . do not buy
43	Gloves	NEG	1	i buy a set from the local auto store and they last i less than a month at work , i be at 3 day shy of a month on these glove and my thumb index and middle finger on both hand be tear through , and my left ring finger be almost there as well , i buy these in hope they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar one that only last a month and these be actually worse ! i be a tire installer and i put in 40 hour of nothing but glove and these just do not hold up ! i will say if you do light work they may be great as they be comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of item and not lose you ability to handle !
322	Gloves	NEG	2	i be train for about two year and these be my 2nd pair of glove . i keep re-injure my hand and never know what the hell i be do wrong until i purchase another brand . the hand injury go away soon after i buy the new set . these glove suck unless you be just purchase they to get drunk and take em out back with some of you buddy in which case , buy two set .
958	Gloves	NEG	1	i work out 3 time a week be i do a mix of resistance training and cardio . i receive these glove early january and i be eager to try they out . they be okay at first and take some get use to . the leather be pretty stiff but after a few week the glove loosen up and thin out in the thicker padded area . on feb 14 2001 , the stitching come undo on the right glove . so about 1.5 month of use and the glove be now fall apart . maybe you 'll have better luck but i would be cautious of buy these again .
23	Gloves	NEG	2	i have use harbinger glove in the past , and recently get these . but i have to return they because the stitching at the wrist near the label pull away after two wearing , and it seem like other part of the stitching will do the same soon . they be also very small ; i get a xl base on my prior pair be xl , but these feel like m or l.
730	Gloves	NEG	2	the glove be not very flexible and be hard to move in . it be too big and bulky , and way too much money for what it be . i like the youngstown glove a lot better for winter work .
573	Gloves	NEG	1	do not buy these glove . they be not worth the little money you spend on they . they be extremely cheap and flimsy and give off a strong chemical smell . do not underestimate how strong these glove smell . its nauseating and it doesnt go away . regret every penny spend on this trash . if you serious about training , and want a quality product , invest in some reye glove . they be $ 100 + but real leather and they last you . i dont even want to give these glove away they be so bad . the garbage seem like the final destination for this crap . waste of money .
55	Gloves	NEG	1	the glove work for the fist few week , say 3 week . soon after that the finger tip start to rip and peel off , keep in mind i be very active handle package with ups so i would know best . my fingertip be expose and no longer protect , every package i handle keep sliping and hit the ground . not strong or havy duty . it be not even that . not worth the money .
1	Gloves	NEG	1	i buy these glove and they have hole in they in a three day . the stitching come out . they be crap . $ 25 for what ? if you actually work for a living just get a pair of regular leather work glove . these might be fine for weekend warrior but i be a landscaper and these glove just do not cut it . honestly , do not waste you money .
759	Gloves	NEG	2	the glove be good for cold weather with 200g of insulation but for snow removal\/wet snow removal in 30 min 's my hand be cold and still dry . i could see the break down in the glove 's ability to be waterproof . however i buy these glove to keep my hand dry , waterproof , and warm . these glove fail in the warm category . when the glove 's get wet and start retain water my hand get cold this happen about 30 min 's into snow removal . the work part of the glove have hold up for be tough .
542	Gloves	NEG	1	these glove rip too easily . i be on my second pair in only a few month . email everlast and they never get back to i with a resolution . look at other glove if you hit hard .
149	Gloves	NEG	2	i work for a large airfreight handle company at lax and i work right on the ramp . 99 % of the time i wear shorts and a hoodie and no glove , but from time to time it get really cold . i read about ironclad glove while do research for glove here . first off they be not waterproof at all . california recently come out from the worst rainstorm we have have in a decade , it rain all week and i have these glove on and my hand get soak every day . i would say they be water resistant but for waterproof that be complete crap . as for wind resistance , i think they live up to the claim . the last 2 night it have be in the 50 's and my hand feel way better with the glove on than off . as for warmth , that be a toss up . like i say above the glove cut wind , as for warmth my hand be warmer than not have glove at all , but not toasty warm like with mitten . i be research get a glove liner to wear underneath . other thing : xxl be huge , i think i have big hand , i be 6 ' 3 '' and the glove do not really fit i well . i would say next time i will get a smaller size but i think i be do with ironclad , this be my 2nd pair .
265	Gloves	NEG	2	do not like these glove , i have small hand and buy medium since the review say they run a little small . still too big ! i guess they be ok for lift dumb bell , but for pull exercise do not help . . back , pull up .
488	Gloves	NEG	2	i be only 5 ' 7 '' , 133 lb , a small guy . i order these man 's glove , size m. size m arrive . although they appear and feel nice , they be way too small for i . for decade , all size m glove fit i fine , but not these . i give they to my wife -lrb- they fit she -rrb- .
406	Gloves	NEG	1	these gloves be not either waterfroof or zero plus condition , they get soaked quik and the liner break off really easy , i end up ripping the liner out and use them as a normal general duty glove ... unfortunately there be not many glove that suit those characteristic , i be a big ironclad fan but these do not live to their expectation ... ... terrible !!
995	Gloves	NEG	2	unfortunately i do not have many good thing to say about these glove . as far as comfort , flexibilty , and overall fit i would rate these glove a 5 . however , as far as be call package handler glove i think you should change the name of these . i be a true package handler for one of we major shipping company . these glove do not stand up to the box . within the first week i have no rubber grip leave on the palm and finger tip . within the first month i already have hole in a few of the fingertip . i have own these glove just over a month and they be no longer any use to i . end
930	Gloves	NEG	2	it be i good material , but it be not as i expect . the glove be too thick so i could not have the good grip .
932	Gloves	NEG	1	be a journeyman carpenter in the chicago area and face extremely cold temperature in the winter i be always look for a good fitting glove . this glove fall apart very quickly if worn everyday for one week . unfortunately there be not a lot of alternative glove out there for a carpenter to wear in the winter . these glove wear out fast and do not keep you hand very warm . the only good thing about the glove be that they allow for a tight grip . i wish someone would develop a real glove for carpenter .
998	Gloves	NEG	2	i get these glove to use with the heavy bag . i be just hit for fitness . not serious boxing . at first these glove prove to be good . combine with hand wrap , my hand do not hurt after punch . now after about 2 month of use , once a week , i notice the right glove seam be come apart . they be come apart at the at the outside of the wrist . i be still use they though . i just wish they do not start to fall apart so soon .
133	Gloves	NEG	2	i buy these glove as a replacement for some cheap $ 20 bulk generic made-in-china glove my boxing gym have available . because they be everlast , i think they would be good . i have be very disappointed . these glove offer almost no wrist support , and i have to start use wrap to protect my wrist . after about 4 week of medium-duty use , the vinyl be peel and the stitching be fall apart . the only good thing i can say about they be that they do not smell as bad as other glove i have use , so they do seem to resist odor as advertise .
425	Gloves	NEG	2	these may be decent glove for beginner but if you be a decent amateur fighter , train semus seriously , or throw heavy punch on the bag , pick another glove . i use these glove for about 3 week and the middle knuckle on my left hand be start to hurt from throw a lot of jab . i think i be just go to have to bite the bullet and buy a more expensive more serious hook and loop glove as these just dont do the job .
