index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
175	Movies_TV	POS	5	one of the thing that be hard for a show to do , even a long-running series , be to match the success and strong story element of the first season the second time around . but the cast and crew of `` doctor who '' not only match the success of season one , but actually surpass it with the second season . david tennant , take the tardis key from christopher eccleston , prove to be a fantastic successor to the role of the doctor , bring a lot of humor and gravitas to the role , and be support by the equally-fantastic billie piper as he companion , rose tyler . couple with a brilliant support cast , strong storytelling , fantastic visual and strong music , this be a terrific season of the show . highlight include : `` the christmas invasion , '' david tennant 's premiere episode ; `` tooth and claw , '' which bring werewolf into a story of alien after queen victoria ; `` school reunion , '' which reunite the doctor with sarah jane smith and k-9 ; `` the girl in the fireplace , '' a brilliant episode from the always-brilliant steven moffat ; the two-part `` the impossible planet\/the satan pit , '' which pit the doctor against the devil himself ; and the two-part finale , `` army of ghosts\/doomsday , '' which feature both a head-to-head battle between the daleks and the cybermen , and the exit of rose as a companion in a final scene that will leave nobody with a dry eye . the dvd release of series two be also improve over the first . the picture quality be fantastic , and the audio , a problem with the previous set , be much improve . extra be fantastic , from david tennant 's video diary to cut-down version of `` doctor who confidential . '' longtime fan and newcomer to the show will definitely want this set in they collection ! allons-y ! program\/dvd grade : a +
537	Movies_TV	POS	5	a disney family classic , this be a great dvd for both boy and girl . a must-have addition to you dvd collection .
844	Movies_TV	POS	5	just receive this by mail yesterday . my daughter and i grab popcorn and sit side by side to watch it . love we moment together with she disney movie .
706	Movies_TV	POS	5	i see this movie 7 time a i think it be awesome . its my fav . movie . my recomendation be . . get it now !!!!!
848	Movies_TV	POS	5	one of the best thing that the bbc have ever do be to bring back the long-lived sci-fi show call `` doctor who '' in 2005 . after a very successful first season in 2005 , the tenth doctor -lrb- david tennant , who many will recognize as the actor who play the character barty crouch , jr. in the 2005 film `` harry potter and the goblet of fire '' -rrb- with he human companion rose tyler -lrb- billie piper -rrb- and mickey smith -lrb- noel clarke -rrb- once again travel through time and space in the doctor 's mysterious time\/spaceship call the tardis . the fifteen episode include in this dvd set be as follow : 1 . `` the christmas invasion '' . with the tenth doctor lie in rose 's home in a coma , can anyone stop the invasion of the alien know as the sycorax ? -lrb- rose 's mother jackie play by camille coduri . -rrb- 2 . `` new earth '' . the doctor , rose & mickey discover a bizarre hospital where the nurse be cat people . they run into someone familiar : cassandra . 3 . `` tooth and claw '' . travel to 19th-century scotland , the doctor , rose & mickey meet queen victoria -lrb- pauline collins -rrb- , who be be hunt by strange man and a werewolf . 4 . `` school reunion '' . the doctor , rose & mickey battle alien that be use human child as computer to crack a mysterious code , and they run into two of the doctor 's previous companion : k9 and sarah jane smith -lrb- elisabeth sladen , reprise she original role -rrb- . 5 . `` the girl in the fireplace '' . after travel to the 51st century , the doctor , rose & mickey find robot that be after a 18th century woman , madame de pompadour -lrb- sophia myles -rrb- , for a diabolical plan ! -lrb- a very emotional episode . -rrb- 6 . `` rise of the cybermen '' . the doctor , rose & mickey accidentally travel to a alternate universe and find a earth where dirigible be the norm and rose 's father pete -lrb- shaun dingwall -rrb- be alive , not dead . however , a powerful but die businessman , john lumic -lrb- roger lloyd-pack , who play barty crouch , sr. in the 2005 `` harry potter and the goblet of fire '' -rrb- , want to transform human into cybermen ! 7 . `` the age of steel '' . in the continuation of `` rise of the cybermen '' , the doctor , rose & mickey narrowly escape a assault by the cybermen and work with people from the alternate universe to stop they . one of the doctor 's companion decide to stay behind . 8 . `` the idiot 's lantern '' . the doctor & rose return to the correct earth to see queen elizabeth ii 's coronation , but people be mysteriously disappear after obtain a unusual tv set . 9 . `` the impossible planet '' . the doctor & rose travel to a dark alien world with a mysterious pit and located near a black hole . 10 . `` the satan pit '' . in the continuation of `` the impossible planet '' , the beast in satan 's pit challenge the doctor 's core belief . 11 . `` love & monsters '' . a group of people on earth have be compile information about the mysterious doctor who . 12 . `` fear she '' . the doctor & rose travel to london for the 2012 olympic game and discover that child have be mysteriously disappear . 13 . `` army of ghosts '' . as the world celebrate the ghost of loved one suddenly appear , the doctor & rose find a new connection the alternate universe and once again find mickey & rose 's father pete ; but one of the doctor 's deadliest enemy be go appear . 14 . `` doomsday '' . in the continuation of `` army of ghosts '' , the doctor , mickey & rose must find a way to stop a war between the cybermen and the daleks ; but will the doctor lose the one that he love ? 15 . `` the runaway bride '' . a young bride be mysteriously transport to the tardis . with impressive special effect , well-written & engaging story and great acting , i rate `` doctor who : the complete second series '' dvd set with a resounding 5 out of 5 star and highly recommend it to anyone that love sci-fus .
316	Movies_TV	POS	5	when i be six , i play `` peter pan '' in my living room , jump from sofa to chair , back to sofa , pretend to be the boy who would never grow up . on the stereo , i play the disney soundtrack , and i know all of the song by heart . it be a feast for my imagination , and a cherish memory i shall never forget . these memory stir deep with the new release of peter pan on dvd from the wonderful folk at disney . peter pan take the well love tale from the ingenious mind of j. m. barrie , and put the usual disney spin on event , to make a memorable movie . the boy who never grow up fly to london to visit wendy and she brother to retrieve a lose shadow . mayhem ensue when the brood wake up , and quickly follow pan to neverland . i purchase the 1999 release of this movie on dvd , and i must say this new version far surpass the quality of the first . the color be more vivid , the soundtrack brighter and richer . it be a beautiful new transfer , and one well worth you money . the additional feature shed light on the disney creative process it take to make this movie . one special feature touch i : a virtual peter pan flight . as you fly with peter , he narrate a quick trip over london to neverland . it do not last long enough , but i love it ! with some other new feature , kid friendly dvd game , and video , this new set will make for a wonderful family night ! there be a reason why , when you go to the disney park , there be a hour plus wait for `` the peter pan flight '' . why not buy this movie , and see what the fuss be all about !
78	Movies_TV	POS	4	while i purchase this item for my son at christmas , i have watch the show and find it enjoyable . my son , who have see the tv episode , enjoy the dvd so much , that he wife be now a fan of the series . al
821	Movies_TV	POS	5	this movie be one of the best to drop in 99 and i think this be will 's most serious and best perfromance yet . he take it to another level by play the role of a lawyer who get catch up in a big cover up scam . he bag get switch with someone els that contain a disk with some serious information . i will not get into it too deep as to not give away the plot , but the storyline be tight . after watch this movie i wonder if the thing they show really can be do ... well not `` if they can ? '' . . but `` be they do '' . it start of kinda slow but once the action start thats it . gene also be good in this and give this movie the serious side to it , while will make the comedy . regina king play a small role as the wife . this movie show u how far technology have come and how easy it be to find out someone background . overall i would not sleep on this movie . i do not really buy movie but this and the matirx somehow get i to fall into it .  get it
236	Movies_TV	POS	4	because the cover style , i think it be go to be a modern animated movie , but it still use the old style with no `` great '' colorful quality image . but it be ok for child .
792	Movies_TV	POS	5	i buy this movie in 2007 and have since buy the bluray verion of the movie . downright murder through dirty politics precede the infidelity , illegal surveillance , crime , and payback that make up this thrill-packed action movie . this movie can so easily be overlook -lrb- at one 's loss and peril -rrb- but it pitch up there with some of will smith 's best movie . if you like tommy lee jones , robert downey jr. and wesley snipes 's us marshalls -lrb- 1998 -rrb- then you will love this movie . a great buy .
277	Movies_TV	POS	5	my daughter love the movie and still watch it every week . ship be a breeze as well . arrive at my home be less than the project time .
213	Movies_TV	POS	5	enemy of the state be a great move . that be why i give it a 5 star rating . a murder be catch on tape and now a man be run for he life . will smith , play a lawyer that be catch in the wrong place at the wrong time . while shop one day for a christmas present for he wife , he run into a old acquaintance from college . now the tape that the government want be in he hand . he find himself be hunt for something that he do not know he even have . he be help out by a mysterious man name brill -lrb- play by gene hackman -rrb- and now have even the odds against he . this movie have stack of action and load of high intense scene . if you love these type of movie check this one out as soon as possible .
992	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be a disney freak and this be one of my favorite . i buy this for my . 5 year old who have never see it before . he be hooked ! love it !
249	Movies_TV	POS	5	the second series of doctor who be much better then the first series . the acting of david tennant really make the series so much better . also billie piper have grow in she acting skill and play well off of tennant . here be my take on the episode rate with 4 be the best . the christmas invasion : the doctor be stick in bed most of the episode leave rose to figure out how to stop a alien invasion . david tennant play the doctor as if he always have be . \*\*\* new earth : the doctor take rose to she first alien planet where and old enemy be wait for they . this be not my fav . episode but it do have some nice character moment . \*\* tooth and claw : the doctor and rose find themselves in scotland where they meet queen victoria , evil monks and a werewolf . plotholes aside this be a very enjoyable episode . the special effect be some of the best i have see on the show . \*\*\* school reunion : the doctor investigate a school where strange thing be happen . this episode be very fun for two reason : the doctor meet some old friend -lrb- sarah jane smith and k-9 !!! -rrb- also that jealousy that spark between rose and sarah jane . also anthony stewart head be great as the villian mr. finch . \*\*\* 1\/2 the girl in the fireplace : the doctor , rose and mickey arrive on a spaceship in the 54th century where they find timehole lead back to earth 's past . this episode be one of my top fav . \*\*\* 1\/2 rise of the cyberman : one of the doctor 's greatest enemy be about to come to life on a parallel earth . this episode mark the return of the cyberman and rose 's father . \*\*\* the age of steel : this episode be much darker then rise , but the dark atmoshpere add much to the story . also mickey 's charater arc take a surprising turn . \*\*\* the idiot 's lantern : it be the 1950s and the coronation of the queen just day away . people all over england be get turn into faceless zombie by they television . this be mostly a filler episode but with some fun bit . not my fav . but still enjoyable . the villian be also not that great . \*\* 1\/2 the impossible planet : the impossible have happen a planet orbit a blackhole . can the doctor find out why before something deep within the planet awake ? this be a very fun episode and also a episode that not set on earth . \*\*\* 1\/2 the satan pit : as rose be threaten by the ood , the doctor face a anicent evil . this episode be a classic . \*\*\*\* love and monster : a ordinary man become obsess with the doctor and try to find he . this episode be not as bad as everyone say it be . the villian be dumb but the story show what happen to the people the doctor leave behind . \*\* 1\/2 fear her : another filler episode fill with some nice character bit . beware the giant scribble . \*\* army of ghost : torchwood be reveal while the doctor be take prisoner . who be the army of ghosts ? rose come into she own in this episode . a great episode . \*\*\*\* doomsday : as torchwood and the world be invade , will the doctor be able to save we ? a heartbreaking conclusion to a excellent season . a great episode with a somewhat offbeat cliffhanger . \*\*\*\*
565	Movies_TV	POS	5	peter pan be delightful ... i see it with mary martin when it be first produce and it just get better - also get copy for all of my grandchild .
520	Movies_TV	POS	5	techno terrorism and conspiracy theory lay out for the general public !! i have many friend that do not believe that this kind of thing be possible none the less actually happen to this day . if you like gizmo 's , gadget and technology , this be a must see movie then ...
326	Movies_TV	POS	4	peter pan may not be as beautifully craft as snow white or pinocchio , and the music may not reach the same height , but even four-star disney be pretty darned fine entertainment . like those earlier masterpiece , disney 's peter pan be better than the original -lrb- worried that the disney version be not politically correct ? - try barrie 's story and suffer apoplexy -rrb- . saw peter pan when i be three year old and enjoy it thoroughly again 37 and now 51 year later . it may not be highly refine , but it be irresistible nonetheless , and mile ahead of anything disney have make in the past 30 year .  to those who want disney to edit out the knife and gun , cast the indians and female in they modern p.c. stereotype , and give peter a monologue about save the environment in never land , keep in mind that when the studio get finish please not just you but everybody else with a gripe , there would be nothing left of the movie-or of much else write before the current age of political correctness .  give i hamlet and paradise lose exactly as they be create . peter pan , too .
241	Movies_TV	POS	5	cinderella iii can not be find in store anywhere anymore . we find this item on amazon and purchase it for we little one . she have a friend that let she borrow it to watch but of course want it back . she be only 3 so do not completely understand the concept of borrowing . we look everywhere and could not find this movie . finally , i look here and be so excited to see that i could purchase it . the seller be wanderful . it arrive right on time and be brand new just as state in the product description .
566	Movies_TV	POS	5	i really like series 1 of -lrb- the new -rrb- dr. who , but like this series -lrb- series 2 -rrb- just as much . the new doctor make for a different experience , but it be a very good one . some of the plot be simple -lrb- but still original -rrb- ; those episode be enjoyable . other have more complex plot - some really , really original i must say - and be excellent . a good variety to be sure . the cybermen and daliks appear in this series - they be really something . a little cheesy , but still great at the same time - maybe because they be a little cheesy . believe it or not , satan make a appearance as well in this series . i be sorry that the rose character will not continue into series 3 , as she and the doctor go well together . the current doctor will continue which be good . it seem that jackie -lrb- rose 's mother and a great character -rrb- will not either , nor will mickey - i will not explain or that will ruin the last episode of the series for you . the last scene with rose and the doctor be touch and well do . i wonder who will run around with the doctor in series 3 and what adventure they will have . i 'll soon see i guess . i suggest you take a look .
957	Movies_TV	POS	5	season two of the new series be a really odd mixed bag - as any season of doctor who should be . the new series ' honeymoon be over : now that the shock of `` wow , doctor who be back ! '' have wear off , viewer will inevitably start to become more critical of the show , and by have such a outstanding opening season , doctor who now fall into the position of have to top itself after set a really high standard . david tennant make a immediate impression as the new doc , effortlessly steal the show from christopher eccleston . everyone 's go to compare he to tom baker , of course , but i think the previous doctor he resemble most be sylvester mccoy , with he exhuberent clownish exterior hide a really , really dark edge . the overall quality of this season 's episode be more mixed than the first season . season two 's best episode be better than those in season one , but the weak spot be poorer . the christmas invasion \* \* \* \* 1\/2 the new doctor spend most of the episode comatose while alien invade the planet , force rose and prime minister harriet jones to step up to bat . new earth \* \* \* the first excursion off-planet for the new series . this episode try to be all thing at once - comedy , thriller , zombie movie and tear-jerker - and as a result feel a little scattered . tooth and claw \* \* \* \* the first great episode of season two will now be show at my house every halloween . queen victoria , a werewolf , kung-fu monk -lrb- !?! -rrb- , and heavy product-placement for this fall 's `` torchwood '' spin-off . school reunion \* \* \* \* 1\/2 this be the episode i be look forward to the most this year , with the return of sarah jane smith and k-9 . anthony head give a wonderfully understate performance as the villain - he would have make a great master ! the girl in the fireplace \* \* \* \* \* each of the first four episode get better than the last , with this be the peak of the first half of the season . the doctor fall head-over-heel for a 18th century french aristocrat while try to stop a insane spaceship from the future from steal she brain . -lrb- you can not explain the plot to this one without giggle . but it work ! fantastic ! -rrb- the romantic plot would have make this a controversial episode if it have not be so damn good . rise of the cybermen \* \* \* 1\/2 here we go . after the daleks in season one , the cybermen be the next classic monster we know we be go to see return . the new series use the clever idea of throw the tardis into a parallel universe so we can discard all cyberman backstory and start over from scratch . since this be a two-part story , any who fan will know to resign himself to not see the monster until the cliffhanger at the end . in the meantime , the episode play with the alternate-earth concept and the temptation that can present for the doctor 's sidekick . the age of steel \* \* \* \* part two of all-out doctor vs. cybermen action ! a great conclusion to the build-up of part one , and a wonderful step in the character arc of rose 's sorta boyfriend mickey , who be so useless in the beginning of season one . the great thing about the cybermen be that they be the borg long before there be a borg . unfortunately , since the borg design be so much creepier it make the cybermen look pretty silly , even with the cool new outfit . the idiot 's lantern \* \* \* the doctor and rose wind up in the fifties and find that dozen of middle-class london suburbanite have be turn - literally - into faceless drone by they tv set . metaphor anyone ? one problem with the show at this point be that it now become obvious that the doctor and rose 's relationship - which be visibly grow throughout the first season - have go about as far as it can without break through the family-friendly-tv barrier that we know it will not . the impossible planet \* \* \* \* \* the high point of the entire season , and possibly the entire series so far . definitely the scariest 45 minute of doctor who to date . the doctor and rose land on the set of `` alien '' and find a crew of human drill to the core of a planet in orbit around a massive black hole . i guess the word bad idea be no longer in the language five thousand year from now . the satan pit \* \* \* \* \* part two . the beast 's minion swarm through the base while rose and the explorer try to escape . meanwhile , the doctor descend into the bowels of hell to come face to face with the devil himself . like `` the empty child '' two-parter from season one , this be one of those classic i 'll be watch over and over again . just do not make i choose between the two . love & monsters \* \* \* here 's where the season start to wind down and you can tell the money be run out . the episode follow a ` average bloke ' who meet the doctor and become obssessed with he . i appreciate it when a show take risk , but if this one have be play more seriously it would have work better . fear her \* \* no thanks . a cheap filler episode about a girl with supernatural power that wind up like a cross between x-files and sesame street . army of ghost \* \* \* \* annnd we be back ! the intensity of the first half of the season return , as the earth suffer from a massive haunting and the doctor finally cross path with torchwood . doomsday \* \* \* \* \* somehow , the second season top the emotional climax of the first as two classic who monster battle in the street of london and we learn the final fate of rose tyler . choice be make , choice be take away , and the doctor end up with a whole new hole in he soul . bring tissue .
415	Movies_TV	POS	5	`` enemy of the state '' be by far the best action movie i see last year . it be one of the best movie i see last year . and it will make my all-time list of favorite movie . i do not think will smith could pull of the drama involve , but he exceed my expectation . the movie do well , $ 100 million plus ! but everyone i talk to about this movie say it be great !  this movie should have easily do $ 200 million . why do not more people go to see it ?
826	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be so glad we bring peter pan . i have not see this movie in year . we have we grandson 's over , they watch peter pan for the first time and love it . . they watch it over and over ... so for easter we get we grandson 's peter pan dvd , they be so excited ...
687	Movies_TV	POS	5	excellent movie sure to keep the kiddie busy for a least the time it take to watch it three time . i think it be just as good as the original cinderella . amazon sell it at a great price and the delivery be incredibly speedy .
812	Movies_TV	POS	4	will smith and gene hackman do some great act in this movie . it be not overly do with a whole bunch of special effect but it will hold you interest and keep you at the edge of you seat . do not watch this movie expect it to be the best yet , and you 'll enjoy it .
600	Movies_TV	POS	5	the second series of doctor who continue to be amazingly well write . the act and direction be credible , make i almost believe that what be happen on the screen be true . it be wrenching at the end and leave you want more . as for the special effect and extra they be fun to watch and informative , if you be in to that type of thing .
30	Movies_TV	POS	4	enemy of the state be a great movie if you like a lot of action , i love the movie . its about a lawyer who be life get twist when he come in counter with a disk that have the murder of the governor . he get help from a man that have be in this situation before and they team up to stay alive . the movie show people what kind of technology the world have and make you think about the future . the only bad thing about the movie be the timing . enemy of the state should have be just alittle bit longer . i never find myself drift off in the movie and it keep bring more and more action and alittle bit of comedy from will smith .  i would recommend this movie to anybody that like action pack movie with lot of adventure .
70	Movies_TV	POS	4	this disney classic film be always one of my favorite , and continue to entertain more and more , as my two-year-old son now love to watch captain hook and the pirate . he also love to pretend he be fly just like pan and the kid .
633	Movies_TV	POS	5	peter pan be the first movie i ever see in theater . i have be in love with it ever since . for a year i call my dad `` peter '' . my email address be tinkerbell343 . i be tinkerbell for halloween 5 year in a row ! i beg my parent to take i to see peter pan on ice ! it be a brilliant story , one of imagination and adventure . it be full of fairy , pirate , and the want to stay a child . it be perfect for child -lrb- and grow up -rrb- , and i highly recommend it !
462	Movies_TV	POS	5	a classic in every sense of the word . my kid both love it , and watch it at least twice a week . i love how well they do clean the film up and make it like new again . a must have for any disney video collection .
960	Movies_TV	POS	5	let i start off by say i have never previously like any of the doctor-who series outside of the tom baker episode . the us try to do a new version of doctor-who year ago and it be awful . i do not expect this new attempt at bring doctor-who back to be any better , but from the very first episode be really impressed with not only the production value , but the character and story themselves . when so soon , they already change the doctor to a new actor only in the second series , i be again prepare for a let down , but i actually like this doctor better , and he seem to have a little bit of `` tom baker '' personality that come out too . i be really enjoy this second series set , when i come across the double episode story `` army of ghosts '' and `` doomsday '' which be the two last episode on this set , but really a two-parter of the same story . these two episode , be the best doctor-who episode of all time , in my opinion , and remember , i be a tom baker fanatic . there be three reason i make this the most amazing doctor-who episode off all time , -lrb- to date -rrb- but i will not mention the first reason , because that would ruin the surprise for those that have not see the episode and give away something that be more enjoyable to find out when watch for the first time . the second reason would be the great production value , it stand up with any major production motion picture make for theater , and this be for only a television series ? wow ! the third reason be the emotional feeling i go through after watch this last episode on this set . i have never go through anything like that ever from watch doctor-who . i have to admit , i like billie piper as the doctor 's companion , -lrb- and the only other companion i have like since romana -rrb- but since she be mostly know prior as just a teen pop star -lrb- like the uk 's version of britney spears -rrb- i do not expect she act ability to do what she do in `` doomsday '' the last episode in this second series set . i be very impressed . see that series three -lrb- not yet available to i as of this review -rrb- have a new companion for the doctor , i be again hessitant that i will like it , but will have to see . however , even if you be a die hard tom baker fan , i think you will find this second series of `` doctor-who the next generation '' to be one you will not be disappoint with and really will enjoy ! especially the last two episode on this set !!
825	Movies_TV	POS	5	spoiler follow walt disney 's 1953 animated film `` peter pan '' be one of several film that help build a sterling reputation for the company 's feature-length animation . with the voice talent of bobby driscoll , hans conried , and kathryn beaumont , it remain timeless entertainment . a adaptation of the james m. barrie story , it boast artistic , sophisticated animation that hold up brilliantly even compare to the contemporary computer-animated market . for instance , peter pan 's first appearance , crouch in darkness on a rooftop , suggest the character 's magical nature and even a subtle hint of the unknown and the potential for danger . the relationship between peter , wendy , michael , and john give the movie tremendous heart . peter 's companion sprite tinkerbell be also meticulously draw and animated , and have garner she own place in disney lore . bobby driscoll 's vocal work as peter pan be one of the finest , most recognizable voice in disney 's canon of character . it be a perfect blend of mischief , stubborness , and most importantly , youth . hans conried do double duty as the villain captain hook and mr. darling , father to wendy , michael , and john . in a animated setting , it be impossible to imagine anyone else in these role . mr. conried voice the fussy father very well , and as captain hook create one of disney 's classic villain . he characterization be silkily evil , but he be also able to play the more comical side of the character . kathryn beaumont be perfection as wendy , a potent mixture of authority and genuine care in she voice . as one of the few female character from that earlier disney era who be not a princess , the character of wendy be very interesting . emotionally strong and wise , wendy darling be one of disney 's best female animated character . also feature great song like `` you can fly '' and `` follow the leader , '' walt disney 's `` peter pan '' be one of the golden masterpiece from the company .
206	Movies_TV	POS	5	one of the best disney film ever consider both story & song , and for its remarkable animation , peter pan be the story of the boy who would not grow up . neverland be a invite place for the darling child , until they meet the wicked captain hook . can peter save they from he sinister plan ? can he save himself ? a great film !
940	Movies_TV	POS	4	like many other thousand of people i be a huge fan of disney animated classic so i be very happy that this edition of peter pan be available . i always have a very active imagination as a kid and it kind of dwindle away as the year roll on by so it be always enjoyable to watch this movie and think of never grow up . the story be so fun and magical . now a little down side to this movie be i do not want my kid to try to fly out a window !!! do you think michael jackson be try to have the face of peter pan it really do look like he with the large eye and very small nose ?
98	Movies_TV	POS	5	yes , at time hemalayaa go a little fast to follow the first time around , but exact replication be not the point . this video be ton of fun . the move be very accurate to modern bollywood film . and the go-at-your-own-pace attitude be refreshing . i just try this video for the first time right after recover from strep throat , while still have a cough and i be able to keep up perfectly fine . rest when i need to . and the more you do this video , the more you 'll be able to keep up with the festive dance move .
393	Movies_TV	POS	4	the new doctor who series have a bigger budget and better writing than the past generation and it be ton of fun ! we prefer christopher eccleston in the 1st series as the doctor . david tennant 's doctor be just a bit melodramtic nutsy with a tinge of mushy humanism -lrb- a few too many diatribe about how magnificance of the human race -rrb- . otherwise , we have enjoy the 2nd series as much as the first and be look forward to the 3rd . we just might have to go back and watch some of the original series just so we know the history of the doctor better .
585	Movies_TV	POS	4	still on the line of dotor who . a great sci-fus .
106	Movies_TV	POS	5	amazing movie ! and great dvd quality . no scratch , come wrap in plastic . good buy ... 10\/10 !
52	Movies_TV	POS	5	i buy this as a christmas present for my 8 year old next door neighbor . she watch it with she 10 year old sister and they both really love it ! i be plan on borrow it from they soon so i can see it too : o -rrb-
878	Movies_TV	POS	4	whenever i think of peter pan , the first thing that come to my mind be the disney animated version of the timeless story of the boy who never grow up . like with past classic disney animated film , `` peter pan '' receive its own platinum edition -lrb- translation : two disc pack with goody like behind the scene footage , lose footage , game and music -rrb- . the bonus disc be great . i especially dig the make of peter pan and why walt disney have to make peter pan . fascinating material . the story of peter pan be create by james matthew barrie . anyone who have see 2004 's `` finding neverland '' would know that the inspiration behind the film be he muse be five young boy . the story of the disney film begin with wendy and she two brother john and michael . wendy have somehow get a hold of peter pan 's shadow with hope that pan would someday come get it so she can meet he . peter pan and he travel companion tinkerbell do come . peter invite the trio to neverland and the result be non-stop adventure involve the lose boy , captain hook , and a crocodile with a alarm clock inside its stomach . it be nice to see the animation have be clean up . the vibrant color really come through in this new version of `` peter pan '' . what i be not too terribly keen on be the music . i find the song syrupy or too cheesy for my liking but i suppose that be because i be a adult . young child might like they . i could hardly care less about the game but again kid will more likely enjoy they than adult would . overall i be glad to see that `` peter pan '' be give a platinum edition . this be a classic .
363	Movies_TV	POS	5	when i originally rent it i think it would be okay to have on as background noise while i do other stuff around the house . nope . sit down and be glue to the screen from start to finish . i like see the technology . lol . . unfortunately my perception of this movie and what i get from it be - reason not to have this kind of invasive technology - i think osama bin laden would have get further along and even faster if this stuff be really around . -lrb- just my humble opinion -rrb- . the two lead actor do fantastic . will smith 's character , well i really like he , and he attitude . and the same for gene hackman . i still pop it in once and a while and think . . i wonder if these `` i only think of what i need and want to '' people will ever realize how easily and swiftly we can lose we simplest rights . privacy be no big deal . until it be go .
89	Movies_TV	POS	5	i love this movie , as i do all the earlier disney animation . i read the review by carolinapooh , and i , too , remember that the part about clap to keep tinkerbell alive be in the movie ! if you watch it , you will see tinkerbell fading , and then there be a abrupt cut and suddenly she be ok . why would they have take it out ? maybe they think kid today be just too sophisticated for that , and sadly , they may be right .
829	Movies_TV	POS	4	i usually do not like sequel , but disney step it up a notch with this one . it be full of suspense , and engage the entire family . this princess movie , be great for both gender , because it not only have the basic princess\/true love theme , but it also have a more active role for the prince , the mouse , and the grand duke . i recommend this movie for a cute afternoon flick .
325	Movies_TV	POS	4	one of will smiths first feature role . he act in this one have its flaw . now you can tell how much he have improve . political statement movie about government wire-tapping and surveillance . will come into possession of something some one in the government want and they bring the -lrb- illegal -rrb- force of the nsa against he to get it back . mystery , intrigue in this movie . as well you rivet to find out what happen to will and he family . outstanding end .
767	Movies_TV	POS	4	i rent this to see if i want to buy it for my 2 year old and i have decide not to . it be actually pretty good , the animation be magical and the story be of course delightful . but for a 2 year old , i do not like how captain hook shoot and kill one of the pirate , -lrb- it happen off-screen , but there be a lot of gun in general -rrb- . and i be unhappy with how the indian be depict , -lrb- this be 1953 -rrb- especially in the song `` what make the red man red ? '' lot of `` how '' and `` ugh '' . that be one song i do not want he to learn .
262	Movies_TV	POS	5	have see this film a dozen or so time . terrific suspenseful movie . the blu-ray offer some nice behind the scene as well as some delete and cut scene as well . the look of the film on blu ray be magnificent . gene hackman and will smith play off of each other extremely well . movie be certainly ahead of its time .
411	Movies_TV	POS	4	peter pan be a old classic and i know my daugher ,4 year old , would love it . ever since we read the book , she be talk about she `` hero '' . the animation be typical disney - good , now once again powerful and colorful . there be a couple of scarry part with captain hook , cannon ball and crocodile which do not upset my daughter , but some child might get frighten by they . of course one should not get too deep into psychological aspect of the story -lrb- peter pan the boy that do not want to grow up -rrb- or analyze sexual stereotype -lrb- wendy be automatically the `` mommy '' that will read story , but never defend herself or other against hook and he crew -rrb- . it be a old disney production , and it should be view and enjoy as such .
549	Movies_TV	POS	5	enemy of the state be exhilarating to the very end . will smith be nothing short of perfection in he struggle to clear he name and save he life . not only be the mafia in on it but they have a priceless showdown at the end of the movie with nsa agent . -lrb- national security agency -rrb- this movie take i to the edge of my seat and keep i there until i fall off !!!
44	Movies_TV	POS	5	disney 's `` peter pan '' be one of they most enchantingly delightful animated feature , tell the story of how peter pan whisk wendy , john , and michael off to he home in never land for a magical adventure none of they would ever forget fight captin hook and he ruthless band of pirate .  although the original 1999 `` limited issue '' dvd lack bonus feature -lrb- with the only one be the option to watch the movie in french -rrb- , fan of the film have be reward for wait with this special edition . the movie look better then it do on any previous release , and that be reason enough to buy this masterpiece . but the extra feature -- oh ! true , this disc pale in comparison to the platinum edition release of `` snow white '' -lrb- unfortunately `` peter pan '' be not one of the nine other platinum edition to be issue over the next decade -rrb- but for one disc i would say they do a pretty nice job . `` you can fly : the make of peter pan '' be also provide on the 1998 45th anniversary limited edition vhs , but it be worthy of another watch . after see the movie again , start with that , and then see the wonderful 13-minute 1952 promotional featurette `` the peter pan story . '' they be even more exellent when view together .  next , head back to the movie , but turn on the audio commentary this time . host by roy e. disney , it provide some really amazing information on the film i never know before . other commentator include walt disney himself -lrb- piece together from old interview , etc. -rrb- , some of he nine old men , other vetran animator , kathryn beaumont -lrb- who provide wendy 's voice in the feature -rrb- , and of course note film critic lenoard multin , among other . next , take a few minute to examine the vast visiual gallery . wonderful stuff in there for fan and casuial viewer alike .  the bonus aim at kid be worth a look too . the best by far be the `` follow the leader '' sing-along , although it look a bit dull -lrb- not be take from the newly restore version of the film , but a older one -rrb- , and the pirate treasure hunt game be fun , if too easy . the dvd storybook be awful , though , attempt to create a new story out of the animation that be already create for the original movie . if that sound confusing , do not worry , do not bother with the feature . another note : why could not they have put a `` you can fly '' sing along on the disc as well ? there be a sing along videotape devote to that one as the title tune , so a version do exsist . i ` dve much prefer it over `` follow the leader , '' but really would have like both . oh well .  lastly , there be a new trailer for `` return to never land '' -lrb- not either of the theatrical one ; this one have some really great new footage -rrb- that be worth a look before you go see the movie . and if you buy this before march 31 , you child will get in free -- as a extra bonus , there be one free child 's admission movie ticket for `` return '' inside every special edition dvd and video .  in addition to all this , new trailer show that among other `` beauty and the beast '' and `` the many adventure of winnie the pooh '' will make it to dvd this year -lrb- finally -rrb- in october for the former and may for the latter . great news , i think . plus there be a really cute disney tv spot call `` magic happen '' on the second menu of trailer .  all in all , this be a wonderful dvd -- much better then the limited issue edition -- and i be glad to own it . something you should not miss ! \*\*\*\*\* -lrb- 5\/5 -rrb-
66	Movies_TV	POS	5	i own the special edition , but im glad that they be finally release this great movie for all those who miss it when it be available last time . this version be probably the best ever release and the price be pretty reasonable . the special edition be only 1 disk and cost a bit more . hopefully pinnochio will be come soon to platinum . i have the limited edition and it be a pretty bad transfer -lrb- look like straight from vhs with no clean up -rrb- . however , im holding on to it incase they censor the platinum version . i think this re-release of peterpan be a signal that disney be see the light . they be lose alot of revenue to chinese bootleg be sell on -lrb- ... -rrb- , and god know -lrb- ... -rrb- doesnt give a crap about enforcement .
96	Movies_TV	POS	4	true to will smith 's film persona , he be this generation 's action hero ! there be time that i wish that i could reach into the movie itself and strangle will on a few occasion during the first half hour - hour of the movie but i have to remind myself that this be how the character be write and that there be reason for everything in a hollywood script . i recommend the movie to young and old alike . it be a movie that also make you think what we government be really capable of and what the future have in store as well . enjoy !!!!!!
681	Movies_TV	POS	5	absolutely fantastic ! a season even better than the first , david tennant really show why he be the best doctor of all time . from the exciting beginning to the heart break finally , season 2 be amazing ! present in a gorgeous box in widescreen format , these dvd 's be a must have for any fan
391	Movies_TV	POS	5	i love mary martin 's peter pan since i be a child , so when my 5 year old niece request the disney film , i be please to be able to order it for she . she be delighted , as she mother have not be able to find the dvd . though not as enthralling -lrb- at least to i -rrb- as martin 's version , my niece be thrill with it . and although i be near `` senior discount '' the idea of never grow up still appeal to i !
0	Movies_TV	POS	5	my boy love this film . sometime my youngest get scared of captain hook . the story be great , and i think little boy can really connect to it . beautiful , fun music as well .
617	Movies_TV	POS	4	it will take i a bit before can do everything . . but it be a fun way to exercise and stop it and go back be a plus . i be have fun .
246	Movies_TV	POS	5	the doctor as play by david tennant be so charming and funny , and so genuinely geeky , when he get excite about anything science - or technology-related , that he be always a pleasure to watch .
896	Movies_TV	POS	4	i could not give this movie 5 star simply because i think it might be a bit too scary for young child . it be well make , however , and the animation definitely match that of the original disney cinderella so the character be very familiar . so , if you child do not become easily frightened , please consider this as a 5-star review with a caveat !
481	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be really impressed with this movie . . as the scene be well think out and the movie be fill with action pack scene . i think that the story be very creative and the actor know there line . along with the comedy , the drama and action be also compelling ...
19	Movies_TV	POS	5	in response to two other reviewer here , the `` if you believe in fairy clap you hand '' scene be in many other version of `` peter pan , '' include the various widely-seen tv production , but it be never in the disney cartoon . those who think it be be mix up they memory .
503	Movies_TV	POS	5	fast-paced , non-stop action with wil smith and gene hackman . well , not really a lot of gene hackman , but he do well in he side part . a really cool movie about a man be chase for something he do not know he have . and that be just the beginning ...
16	Movies_TV	POS	4	my young niece sarah and nephew caleb be terrify of walt disney 's 1953 animated feature , peter pan -- the crocodile , a band of pirate , captain hook with a hook hand , a rock slide that seem to momentarily kill tinker bell . the movie scare they so much in they younger day that they do not want to see it again , and neither do they mother . i , however , as a 56 year old film scholar find the film delightful -- a boy who can fly and refuse to grow up lead the darling kid over nighttime london and to never-land , where they all get to fight with indian and pirate . there be a skull rock , and a pirate cove , and a beautiful pirate ship . it be all just marvelous for adult . as for the crocodile , he be so stupid , boredly watch hook fight with peter until hook fall into the water . and hook be a irresistible pirate for kid of all age . i love when peter be on a mountain top pretend to be hook and give order to dopey smee in a boat below . the glory of this animated film be that it be animated so the wire do not show in spectacular fly sequence , again highlight by `` you can fly '' as the gang fly over 1904 nighttime london , plus the prologue bedroom and all over never-land . hook have a real metal hook he deliciously screw on . tinker bell be a real , jealous fairy and not a spotlight on stage . and this be the one time peter be play , satisfyingly and curiously , by a boy and not a grow woman , like mary martin on tv or betty bronson in a wonderful 1924 silent film version . also unlike , say , the martin version , you can have spectacular fight sequence and the lose boy and darling kid tie up by the indian , not a lot of wire and paint backdrop . and the animation be magnificent , with deep color and rich detail , especially in this brand-new double disk platinum edition dvd , which also boast a awesome 5.1 disney enhance home theatre mix soundtrack . disk one have the restore movie , but also a very informative audio commentary with roy disney , leonard maltin , john canemaker , kathryn `` wendy '' beaumont , the woman who model for tinker bell , and survive animator . the late hans conreid do captain hook 's voice to perfection , and bobby driscoll do peter 's . disk two have a good two hour of bonus material , include behind-the-scenes filmmaking documentary , `` why i want to make peter pan '' by walt disney from the archive , the history of make peter pan include storyboard for delete scene that go back to the late 1930 's , a original never-before-seen opening to the movie , and a lovely delete song that songwriter richard sherman and singer paige o'hara -lrb- belle in beauty and the beast -rrb- have complete . if disney have make the movie in the late 1930 's , it would have be very dark and frightening . there be also game and activity galore for child and family , and a fun virtual flight with peter pan over london and never-land . this peter pan have be painstakingly remaster and restore . the 1953 classic have never look nor sound this colorful and tuneful . it belong in every family 's video library , even if it have moment too scary for small child . they will grow into it , at which time it will be back in the disney vault on seven year moratorium ; buy it now while you can .
863	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be a fan of the doctor who series , and this season be my favorite . i be please with my order and have be watch episode ever since . i like the product and i appreciate the seller 's quick delivery and careful packaging .
414	Movies_TV	POS	5	fantastic ! the adjustment time from the first series doctor be a bit long for i but the story be simply great in this second series . the last episode be truly awesome ! when i tell my kid about doctor who , they give i the `` raspberry '' . but , when we all be watch the next to the last tv episode which end with `` to be continue '' , they all let out a gasp of dispair !!!!! so much for they `` raspberry '' !! dad be right about this be a great series !
831	Movies_TV	POS	5	i would like to thank these people that carry these hard to find disney classic .
323	Movies_TV	POS	5	the bbc 's new production of its classic series , doctor who , weather its first major casting change admirably . most actor remain in the lead role for at least three year , but for christopher eccleston , one year be enough , and he doctor -lrb- aka ` nine ' -rrb- die in the season one finale . in keep with who tradition , the doctor , upon he death , regenerate into a completely new body . take the tardis control from eccleston be another russell t davies alumnus , david tennant -lrb- who headline davies ' production of casanova -rrb- as the tenth incarnation of the doctor -lrb- aka ` ten ' -rrb- . tennant have he work cut out for he , follow eccleston 's marvelous turn as the time lord , but he make the transition so seamlessly that the character truly seem like the same man in a different body . aid this transition be largely the same writing and production staff , as well as the same co-star -lrb- billie piper as rose tyler -rrb- and support cast -lrb- camille coduri as jackie tyler and noel clarke as mickey smith -rrb- . it be to tennant 's credit that he not only immediately put he own stamp on the character but maintain eccleston 's level of chemistry with the support cast . ten be physically younger than nine , more brash , more impulsive , less torment by guilt , but still achingly lonely . he loneliness become a run theme throughout the season , touch on in nearly every episode . eccleston play the doctor as he play steve baxter in davies ' the second coming -lrb- a tormented otherworldly be -rrb- ; tennant play the doctor as casanova -lrb- a young , lovelorn romantic hero -rrb- . the doctor 's romantic attachment , in fact , become the vehicle by which davies explore the central theme of loneliness . ten and rose build upon and deepen the romance that nine and rose begin in the first season . they love be palpable ; they be often literally willing to die for each other . in the uk , the series be family-oriented and rarely stray beyond the pg level , so this romance be never physically consummate ; the character do not even kiss . despite this -- in fact , because of it -- they feeling be all the more poignant . -lrb- and how often do we see a depiction of true and abide love on television that do not involve some kind of bump-and-grind ? -rrb- by the end of the season , the relationship have come full circle : the doctor have teach rose all he can ; it be time for she to leave he and put to use all the thing she be learn . they final separation be tragic but yet also hopeful : despite the sadness , the viewer know rose will thrive in she new environment . billie piper 's send-off could not have be more positive or more lovingly write -lrb- and it leave open the possibility of she return to the series in the future for a guest spot -rrb- . nobody who leave who be ever truly go . the tremendous `` school reunion '' bring back a old fan favorite , sarah jane smith -lrb- elisabeth sladen -rrb- . again , romance be the means by which davies explore the doctor 's impact on he companion ' life . the story be beautifully write : suspenseful , funny , romantic , and poignant . sladen slip back into the role effortlessly , and anthony stewart head provide a wonderful villain in the sinister mr. finch . romance also infuse the imaginative `` girl in the fireplace , '' in which a army of clockwork repair droid from the fifty-first century stalk madame de pompadour -lrb- sopia myles -rrb- . the doctor be clearly smite with the young reinette , but the episode 's conclusion showcase how the heartbreakingly short human lifespan will always thwart such attachment . but romance be not all the second season have to offer : old foe return -lrb- daleks , cybermen , cassandra -rrb- as well as old friend -lrb- harriet jones , sarah jane , k-9 , pete tyler , the face of boe -rrb- . also , the setting finally get away from earth for a few episode , and there be a couple of trip to earth 's past . the recur character develop beautifully , especially mickey smith , who finally come into he own as a hero . particularly good be the two-part story `` the impossible planet '' \/ `` the satan pit , '' which find the doctor and rose in a bleak space station on a planet perpetually circle a black hole . but the real standout of the season might well be `` the christmas invasion , '' a hour-long special that air on christmas day , 2005 . this episode allow the support character -- and by extension the viewer -- a opportunity to adjust to the new doctor , and it allow ten to establish he heroic bona fide . the guest cast be marvelous , particularly penelope wilton as the uk 's new prime minister , harriet jones . a argument between the pm and ten at the episode 's conclusion be brilliant , worthy of the west wing , show that davies be not afraid to challenge he viewer ' perception of heroism and villainy . other highlight of the season be `` the rise of the cybermen '' \/ `` the age of steel , '' the chill `` tooth and claw , '' the off-beat `` love and monster , '' and of course , the brilliant finale , `` army of ghosts '' \/ `` doomsday . '' of all the episode , only the disjointed `` fear she '' feel sub-par . the overall quality of the season be remarkable , give the amount of backstage shuffling that take place -lrb- e.g. , the timing of piper 's departure be initially unclear ; a few episode undergo last-minute rewrite -rrb- . and yet another challenge loom ahead for davies as he reinvent the show in the wake of `` doomsday , '' which write out literally the entire support cast . only two season in , and a era have already end . much of the season 's success be owe to tennant , who have quickly establish himself as one of the most popular doctor in the show 's long history . he own love for the series and the character shine through every moment he be on scene , and he effortlessly convey the doctor 's past through he expression , body language , and vocal inflection . if eccleston be `` doctor modern , '' tennant be `` doctor classic-modern , '' meld perfectly the older and more contemporary portrayal of the character . he chemistry with piper be nothing short of magical , and he also play wonderfully off the supporting and guest actor . as with the first season , the second season be best view in pristine dvd rather than the hacked-up version show on tv . the boxed set include the usual extra ; viewer should make the pudsey cutaway \/ children in need special they first stop -- it be a essential prologue to `` the christmas invasion . '' season two be proof positive that doctor who can hold its own with pretty much anything else currently on television .
91	Movies_TV	POS	5	i rent this film so my husband and i could go on a date and leave a new film with the babysitter . i actually start watch it while i get ready ! my baby love it and i have to re-rent it twice as it be no longer available on shelf . while this be not to be compare to the `` move art '' of the 40 's and 50 's disney film it be a fantastic story ! cinderella be a sweet , kind , caring and graceful girl who get to live a happily ever after life thanks to she friend the mouse and she fairy godmother . but what if the magic that propel cinderella to `` princess '' be in the wrong hand ? cinderella 's fairy tale be rewind and rewrite leave we heroine to fend for herself . i be impressed that cinderella maintain she sweet and happy demeanor even while take responsibility for she future . in today 's world it be refresh when a girl can maintain grace , dignity , and class while still reach for and obtain she dream . some of the song that cinderella sing be very pretty and they do well in find a voice talent that would come close to the original actress both in demeanor and pitch . a few of the song can get kind of cheesy and the mouse have a bit of a tendency to really annoy you but i promise you 'll be watch you baby act out to and laugh at these moment . this movie be gear towards young child with enough of a plot to stand on its own and to be enjoy by all age . the animation be brighter than in the original but try to maintain `` the look '' of cinderella and she fellow cast . the moral of the story be that if you believe in love and in yourself you can do anything , even without disney 's signature dose of magic . i would recommend this product to anyone look to revisit the world of cinderella . you will not leave disappointed this time .
190	Movies_TV	POS	4	my five-year-old have watch cinderella and cinderella ii countless time , so she be very excite to see the third in the series . have only watch it once so far , but i think she really like it . she do say that she think there be moment where it be very `` dramatic , '' refer to the scene where lady tremaine call on the power of the universe to change history . i be not sure if dramatic be a good thing or a bad thing , but i be sure she will watch it again .
778	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be thouroughly please with series one of doctor who , so i go right out and pick up series 2 . again , another amazing series . there be not really one episode that i do not absolutely love -lrb- except maybe ` fear she ' , but i be not a fan of the whole creepy kid storyline ... but still a decent episode . -rrb- not to give too much away , but the end of the series be both touching and tragic ... i can not wait for series 3
676	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be a big fan of the 1st doctor for this series and not happy about a new one this early in the season . but i be willing to give he a chance . a couple of episode in he sell i on he performance of the doctor . mind you i would have prefer to keep the 1st for maybe a 2nd season . this doctor and the adventure that happen this episode make it a must have for all doctor who fan new and old
892	Movies_TV	POS	5	i have see `` cinderella iii '' and - simply put - it be a animated gem that walt disney would have be proud of . in this sequel , cinderella do not play the victim to wicked stepmom 's magical mischief - she fight hard for herself and for she man , prince charming . no mere action heroine , cindy iii use she brain to figure out how to outwit the villain , but do not shrink from hand out some well-deserved princess pay back -lrb- wait til you see the runaway pumpkin coach scene ! -rrb- the action climax -lrb- s -rrb- will have everyone cheer . traditional animated fairy tale convention be observe - and then top with innovative story tell that make you recall the beloved disney classic of old . catchy song , first rate animation , valuable lesson for the small fry , and some great plot twist will keep this cinderella a family favorite for a long time .
388	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be really surprise at how fast i receive my movie and i be very happy that it come nicely package without any damages .
749	Movies_TV	POS	5	ever since i go to see this movie in the theater , it have be my favorite movie . from begin to end , it be full of great action , a great story line , and a awesome cast . jerry bruckheimer and tony scott be a great match .
651	Movies_TV	POS	4	this workout be a great way to make you feel sexy , even if you -lrb- like i -rrb- do not feel sexy most of the time ! most of the move be easy to follow , and yet i still work up a good sweat at the same time . the only part i have trouble keep up with be the `` playful dance '' portion . the music be also fabulous and have a good beat .
288	Movies_TV	POS	5	definately worth the price . one of disney 's best movie , but the lack of musical scene hurt the almost perfect picture .
233	Movies_TV	POS	5	a great copy of one of disney 's best . now all we can still hope for be the eventual release of `` song of the south '' .
941	Movies_TV	POS	5	when word come down that christopher eccleston be be replace as doctor who to say the least i be hard to convince . they say that the doctor that you start with forever become `` you '' doctor and i will second that motion . that be say david tennant do grow on you take it from someone who find out first hand . you have to judge each individual season on its own merit . so as to the episode themselves new earth be a good way to open up this show the doctor in a most traditional role solve problem that other have never consider the solution to . i consider it the best episode of the entire second season . that be say the second episode tooth and claw be good because we get to meet queen victoria and see how exactly the torchwood institute be found . for that same reason school reunion be also good because it actually reintroduce a companion of the doctor 's from the old day sarah jane smith . a meeting of the mind between the old and the new its pretty awesome . the girl in the fireplace be also a good episode it tell with a historical aspect -lrb- the madam -rrb- but also the consequence of the nature of travel and what it do to those we leave behind . i could see where you would like rise of the cybermen and the age of steel but the trek fan in i be remind to much of the borg although the idea of alternate reality be very cool . if the second season have a weak link it be probably the idiot 's lantern television suck the life out of people be not my idea of a good storyline sorry . i never blame the excellent actor and the chemistry between they for make the best of a bad script . i know i already say new earth be my favorite and it still be but the satan pit and the impossible planet be also very cool . i mean a space station orbit a black hole what be not to like about that storyline ? i know people go nut about love & monsters and how funny it be but i never much care for the episode . `` fear she '' be a nice spooky little episode doomsday and army of ghost be a nice farewell to rose tyler . its always a shame to see a companion go but if you have to go this be a nice way to go out . overall-good season with a few misfire but nice solid entertainment
122	Movies_TV	POS	4	this be a good suspense movie overburdened with flash and funk . check out gene hackman 's performance . he be reprise he role in the conversation as a electronic surveillance expert , and they even show clip from the conversation as reference to he past .
7	Movies_TV	POS	5	`` peter pan '' , the 2nd disney classic that i add to my dvd library be another keeper . another favorite from my childhood , the film be still a great experience to watch . the animation be still classic , as be the story . of course , the appeal of the film have change for i , from what it be when i be a kid . it be now a classic animation film , rather then just a cartoon .  i be suprise with disney do not announce that this film be go to be part of they `` platinum edition '' , but this dvd -lrb- while no extra -rrb- be still worth the purchase for the film its self . the picture be adequete as be the dolby digital mix -lrb- adequete for a animated film that be -rrb- .  if you be a dvd collector , you should strongly consider purchase this dvd , and all of disney 's classic .
493	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be very satisfied with the quick delivery . i order it for my grandaughter . she have watch it over and over . thanks for the promptness in which you get it here . it make it here for she birthday . thanks again . joann threadgill
275	Movies_TV	POS	5	this movie be great ! especially after the horror of cinderella ii , which be so bad that it be traumatic ! this be the true sequel to the classic cinderella story . the story be interesting and move . you really get wrap up in cinderella 's plight as the stepmother 's level of evil go through the roof . prince charming finally get a personality , and he be such a wonderful character ! the animation and voice be so well do that i believe this could have make it in the theater ! even the song be very enjoyable , though disney sequel song often leave a great deal to be desire . skip cinderella ii and go right to this movie !
589	Movies_TV	POS	5	one of my favorite season , david tennant be just brilliant in this season ! the story be fun and really enjoyable . i be hook by the end of the first season but this season make i really fall in love with doctor who entirely ! i have love all the doctor , but david tennant will always be my favorite .
81	Movies_TV	POS	5	disney 's peter pan be the finest peter pan movie ever make . disney 's animation in this film be very strong , they make never land so beautiful and captain hook 's ship look almost real ! this film have very good music . from song to background music . a film all age can endure .  this fantastical film begin in london where wendy , john , and michael 's bedtime story hero , peter pan visit they . peter later invite they on a magical journey to never land . with the help of tinker bell , he feisty sidekick , a shower of pixie dust and some happy thought , peter teach they how to fly . off they soar to a enchanted island fill with wonder and terror . later they fall into the clutch of peter 's arch enemy , captain hook and he band of pirate . from the stunning scene of the flight to never land , to the underground home of the lose boy , to the stardust ship in the moonlight-peter pan define disney magic .
675	Movies_TV	POS	5	i have read review and there be more review for the orville redenbacker popper then just the presto so i go with it . the machine do a great jop of pop the corn . i have be use generic popcorn from safeway and its great . i add the seasoning from no more naked popcorn and it make a great afternoon snack . i believe the presto without the name be the same but have not see it to be sure .
949	Movies_TV	POS	5	have love season 1 , the idea of a new doctor be a little daunting . my fear be lay to rest in the first five minute of the christmas episode and by the end of that episode i be totally in love with david tennant . he make the doctor he own while keep the essence of the character . and billie piper ? well , i see she first pop video when she first hit the music scene in england as a teenager . she have transform herself into a very good actress . she be perky without be irritating and cry real tear . you gotta love the girl who make the doctor smile . piper play equally as well with tennant as she do with christopher eccleston . i will miss she be season 3 so all the more reason to relish the dvd set . season 2 be gripping , exciting , touching , funny , suspenseful , emotional , and simply bloody fantastic ! i still cry during the final 2 episode . favorite episode be `` tooth and claw '' . this episode be not only creepy with its warrior monk and werewolf but set up torchwood as season two 's `` hint '' game . watch all the episode again and follow the trail of torchwood . all the episode maintain the high standard set by season one and in someway surpass it . quality tv even if you be not a sci-fi fan .
92	Movies_TV	POS	5	this be a very good movie about be in the wrong place at the wrong time .  in the overview of this movie this poor man , in the wrong place at the wrong time , lose he life . he be give something , which he do not even know he have . which implicate a high ranking government official in something that he do not want public . consequently he life be take away . he credit card cancel , he friend murder -lrb- he be frame -rrb- and the one person who can help he do not want to get involve because he know how the government work . the non-helpful person be part of a government agency in the past . insights into the nsa and what they be capable of make this movie a eye opener .  highly recommend movie . watch it , think about it , worry about it . you must get the movie for the detail but this movie be one worth watch and one that will make you think . along with entertaining you while it be one .
444	Movies_TV	POS	5	it be not often that one can rave about a direct-to-video dvd release , not even a disney one . in fact , a large number of fan absolutely detest they , especially when they be sequel , and even more-so when they be sequel to classic . yet , disney prove excellence in direct-to-video be possible with such a film once before with `` bambi 2 , '' and now , they have do it again with the highly enjoyable `` cinderella 3 : a twist in time ! '' `` cinderella 3 '' pick up one year after cinderella and the prince be marry . in fact , it open as they be make they way to a intimate , outdoor anniversary party be throw for they by the fairy godmother and cinderella 's animal friend . admittedly , this open to the film make the viewer wary . it be extremely happy , giggly , sweet , and direct-to-video corny , in true disney princess merchandising machine tradition , to the point of be nauseating , and inflate by the fact that this cinderella sequel be a disney renaissance style musical -lrb- like `` the little mermaid '' and `` beauty and the beast '' -rrb- . but , fear not , the overly happy and sweet opening be there with a purpose , for only moment later will cinderella 's perfect life be steal away from she by she wicked stepmother and selfish stepsister . see , the less evil of cinderella 's step-sibling , anastasia -lrb- she be establish as the less evil one in cinderella 2 , and that be carry over here -rrb- , have notice the perfect pair ride across the countryside to they anniversary party , and she curiosity and desire for a romance of she own persuade she to follow . when she witness the fairy godmother work she magic for cinderella and she prince , she realize that this be how the two come to find each other . want a love of she own , anastasia swipe fairy godmother 's magic wand when no one be look and quickly take it home to she mother and sister . after suffer for a full year from have to take care of themselves for a change , lady tremaine and she daughter be eager for some revenge on they former housemate . use the magic wand , tremaine cast a spell to turn back time and `` unravel cinderella 's happily ever after ! '' this time , the baddy use magic to fix it so that the slipper fit anastasia before cinderella make it down from the tower . the tremaine be whisk off to the palace , and cinderella be leave behind with order from she stepmother to keep away from the prince and he home . cinderella fear all be lose , but she friend jaq and gus remind she that the prince should know the difference between she and anastasia . they plot to get cindy into the castle under the guise of royal mouse catcher , but while the prince initially do know the difference , cause a funny and awkward moment with the tremaines , he be soon put under a spell to believe anastasia really be the girl he have dance with at the ball . the odds be stack against cinderella , and a adversary with a magic wand be not easy to beat , but cinderella keep faith that she do not need magic to make she dream of true love and happiness come true . `` cinderella 3 : a twist in time '' be a exciting , emotional , magical , and even action-packed movie that be a worthy sequel to the classic disney film . be the final film from disney 's australian animation house , the artist and filmmaker have put they all into this one , and it show . if only this much effort have be put into all of disney 's other direct-to-video release ! sure , there be a few thing one can complain about , and i have to keep bambi 2 a notch higher than cinderella 3 due to the fact that bambi 2 be nearly flawless , but both film would have easily be at home on the big screen -lrb- and be far more worthy of such a release than jungle book 2 or even return to neverland -rrb- . no , i will not say cinderella 3 surpass the original cinderella either , but a sequel do not really have to top the original , it just need to be loyal to the first and have its own interesting and well execute story . cinderella 3 have this , and despite a couple of minor quibble , be still worthy of a 5 star ranking . unlike the much malign `` cinderella 2 : dream come true , '' the art , voice work , and animation in `` cinderella 3 : a twist in time '' be superbly do to match the classic as much as possible . one only miss mary blair 's artistic touch . cinderella be as gorgeous as ever , and see she have a couple of action scene this time around make she all the more attractive . she be voice beautifully as well -lrb- by accomplished voice actress jennifer hale , who i can not believe be the same actress that voice she in cindy 2 -rrb- . the song be not that memorable , aside from one that jaq and gus sing , but they be better than you standard direct-to-video fare . it might take a few viewing to get use to cinderella and anastasia burst into song like belle , but this actually do not happen that often . it be also a little awkward that c.d. barnes , well know as the voice of ariel 's prince eric in the original little mermaid film , be the voice of the prince here . however , one have to commend he and the filmmaker for actually develop the prince 's character and make he into a admirable disney hero . the same need to be do for snow white 's prince , though i be sure a snow white sequel would put a lot of people up in arm . i know john lasseter have currently say there will be no more disney direct-to-video sequel , but i do not buy it , and i say , if they would just keep make 'em like this , i would be fine with they . the most reasonable complaint about `` cinderella 3 '' be the continuity issue the end bring about . i do not want to give the end away , but what be trouble about it be that the event of this film sort of `` erase '' the ending of the original film , and thing be not put right when it be all over . that can be a little upset for the loyal disney\/cinderella fan . we can only hope that the fairy godmother fill cinderella and the prince in on all that transpire before , later on . some might be disappoint not to see bruno the dog in this one , and i be not sure if the horse during the action scene in this film be suppose to be cinderella 's old horse or not , but fan of `` cinderella 2 '' might be happy to see the character of prudence return . for those who have not see `` cinderella 2 '' and just plain do not want to , not to worry , you do not have to have see it to see and understand `` cinderella 3 . '' in fact , i be still try to figure out when `` cinderella 2 '' be suppose to have take place . it really do not seem to fit at all now . it could not have happen before `` cinderella 3 , '' because at the beginning of cindy 3 , anastasia be wish she could find true love too -lrb- something she find in `` cinderella 2 '' -rrb- . it could not have happen after `` cinderella 3 , '' because of the situation of the tremaine family and anastasia 's initial attitude towards cinderella in cindy 2 . it seem a `` cinderella 3 '' viewer would have to disregard `` cinderella 2 '' altogether , though the filmmaker of `` cinderella 3 '' do not do so completely . as i say , prudence be bring back , and at the end of the film we see reassurance of anastasia 's future romance with the village baker . besides , the important thing to note be that `` cinderella 3 '' succeed in nearly every way that `` cinderella 2 '' fail we , and many folk would like to forget `` cinderella 2 '' ever happen anyway . on to the dvd . the picture be beautiful , of course , and present in anamorphic widescreen format . as one have come to expect from disney dtv sequel , this one be pretty light on bonus feature . on the bright side , two be actually worthwhile . one of those be a music video for a original song call , `` i still believe . '' it might not be that great to the average viewer , but if you be a hayden panettiere fan , star of the nbc hit superhero show `` hero , '' you have get a winner there , as she provide the singing . i be a huge `` hero '' fan myself . the video have three footage aspect : clip from the film , footage of hayden walk down a black and white street that turn into color as she pass , and footage of she look absolutely enchant in a magical field of giant flower . personally , i think it would have be better without the seemingly out of place bit of she walk down the street and turn it color . the other worthwhile bonus feature be a featurette on the making of `` twice charm , '' a cinderella-based musical stage show create for the disney cruise line that , like `` a twist in time , '' have a twist of its own on the story . it be not only very interesting , but it work effectively as a advertisement , which , of course , be what it really be . the other extra include the bibbidi-bobbidi-choose game , which get old fast , the cinderella ball room dvd-rom activity , but i never bother with those , and a sneak peek at the upcoming dvd , `` disney princess enchanted tale : a kingdom of kindness . '' that last one be actually interesting too , if you be a fanatic of disney animation or disney princess , or whatever . if you be picky , you may opt not to get the kingdom of kindness dvd after see the preview , or maybe just the opposite . it depend just how far from the original film you allow disney animation to get for direct to video release . realize that the new sleep beauty cartoon preview in this sneak peek be just a tv-style animated short , i be not go to rant about it not look like a feature film . i 'll be buy it to enjoy the first new aurora animated story since 1959 , even if its only aim be to please little girl . and , that be pretty much the `` cinderella 3 : a twist in time '' dvd in a nutshell . it be a fantastic sequel to a animated classic and belong on the dvd shelf of every disney animation fanatic ! grit you tooth through the opening scene , then sit back for a wonderful experience . you 'll probably get multiple play out of this one on the first day !
221	Movies_TV	POS	5	pick up where the first season leave off , the second season of who be true to the original bbc series . continuity be not a real problem for true whovians . and as with series one , those who do not know much about the old series be still take in . quality production work all around . lot of location shot -lrb- thanks to have production in cardiff -rrb- which make the show even better . back story with rose 's family and boyfriend be continue , help give the show a anchor . david tennant do a wonderful job as doctor # 10 . as one friend say , he make you say , `` christopher who ? '' all in all , great all-around series . if you love the old doctor who , buy it . if you hate the old doctor who , try it out . if you have not hear of it all , buy it - you 'll love it !
186	Movies_TV	POS	4	i read the review before i buy this movie , and i buy it because most people seem to like it . my daughter and i just watch it , and i have to say that i be impressed . i actually like it better than the original ! i like cinderella 's more active role . that be my biggest complaint about the original -- i never do care for the whole wishy-washy , boo-hoo attitude she have ! i would recommend this movie to anyone who like disney princess movie .
227	Movies_TV	POS	5	replace classic disney movie with dvd 's put peter pan near the top . ca not be beat in more modern version . arrive promptly and in excellent condition .
272	Movies_TV	POS	5	enemy of the state star will smith and gene hackman . neither of these fine actor make a bad movie that i know of . this be a fine thriller movie about government surveillance and a bad national security agent play by jon voight . the good news be that the surveillance technology feature in this movie be for real and target against us enemy . the bad news be that sometimes the government thing we be the enemy .
154	Movies_TV	POS	5	this be a excellently make movie . a edge of you seat thriller . also the \* make of \* part be incredibly informative .
822	Movies_TV	POS	5	i grow up ... well okay ... some folk say i never will ... watch this movie . it be a fun treatment and do back when animation be hand draw . classic story and still entertain all these year later .
488	Movies_TV	POS	5	this be a intense conspiracy thriller . shadow operation , satellite intelligence and the whole work . will smith be robert dean , attourney at law , who be life be put in shambles after accidentally receive something he have no idea about . enemy of the state be one of my all time favorie movie . it be well shoot and will smith give a great performance . this be one of tony scott 's best film . with a colorful cast like gene hackman , jon voight , jack black , jamie kennedy , and more , this film be hard to miss . a must-see for any conspiracy theorist lover . if you have not see it than you have miss out .
526	Movies_TV	POS	5	definately one of the best spy movie i have see in a long time . from the murder at the start to the resturant scene at the end this be a great modern day spy story . whether you take the gadget seriousely or not be up to you , remember , it be just a movie . my only complaint be that will smith be way out of he league in this one , he just can not hold it in a serious movie . hackman who do not appear until almost half way thru the movie steal the show and show what a class act he be . will smith should stick to the goofy part he have play before like mib or wild wild west , not the serious movie the scenery and tech stuff be all well do and one worth owning , so buy this one
712	Movies_TV	POS	4	wow , i remember see this movie a long time ago and do not really give it much thought . it just seem like hollywood hysteria and way out there fiction for the most part . i have forget about the movie . recently i be shop for some dvd 's here on amazon and this movie come up on my recommend list . so i buy a copy and watch it . this movie really freak i out watch it now in a post 9\/11 world . the measure take by those in power to get what they want - `` the telecommunications , security , and privacy act '' and dead on similarity of the power enact by the `` the patriot act '' should be a wakeup call for everyone . to quote the chairman at the beginning of the movie : `` invasion of privacy be more like it '' , and he go on to state : `` this bill be not the first step to the surveillance of society , it be the surveillance of society '' ... of course the government bad guy play by voight say : `` it be just liberal hysteria '' the chairman have the good sense to say : `` i be not go to sit in congress and pass a bill that allow the government to point a camera and microphone at anything they darn well please ! '' all this be in the opening scene of this movie . now i would have give the movie 5 star , but some of the thing be a stretch as far as capability and thing happen which i will not go into in this review . in this post 9\/11 world i feel this movie be dead on relevant and the ability and power the government have give itself by play on we fear be unprecedented . this movie should scare and provoke some think about what we have and be do to we society today and just what do freedom really mean . this be a ho-hum movie that have become a great movie due to the turn of world event and apparent level of manipulation and terrorizing of society that be happen today . pick up a copy of this movie or pull it off the shelf and watch it today and see if it do not open you eye and give this movie a new edge that it do not have when it first come out !
306	Movies_TV	POS	5	this be a really fun workout dvd , and totally accessible to anyone . grant , i be not a fitness guru but i do try to get 20 to 40 minute of moderate exercise most day and this certainly count . i be certain it be not the most intense kick you butt workout on the market , but it make i sweat , feel great and do not bear i to tear . the exercise be a nice mix of fun\/sexy -lrb- without make i feel trashy -rrb- and i do not feel the need to have any dance ability to get something out of it . -lrb- of course my husband be ban from the room when i do the workout -rrb- after enough time watch the dvd with the instruction , i be able to mute the sound and play some high energy music on top of it to keep it fresh and more cater to my style . i do skip a couple of move that my body do not like , but i just dance around the music instead . it be a great stress relief ! i would highly recommend this dvd for anyone look to keep active but want something a little more fun than a regular workout dvd .
870	Movies_TV	POS	5	this movie animate one of the most imaginative play ever write , albeit with a little ` disneyfication . ' it be by far my favorite ; there be a enjoyably long spectrum of character . every time i watch this movie , it take i back to those time i wish i be in never-never-land .  p.s. . the claim that this movie be a allegory to the jfk year be easily refutable , since this movie be make in 1953 , while the play be over a century old .
661	Movies_TV	POS	5	enemy of the state be one of those film that you be wait for the action . it be a clever production with nice suspence , adventure and action all over the time . it be a movie that everyone should watch it . this movie it will be unforgetable  regard angelos kalli
789	Movies_TV	POS	4	i really enjoy watch this with my daughter -lrb- i be a dad -rrb- . i be a science-fiction and time-travel fan , so when i see a ad for this , i say `` we have to get it '' . disney do a excellent job with the story , but for child younger than say , 7 or 8 , parent may need to explain thing along the way . but it be a good introduction to `` time travel '' for little mind . that say , i be amaze when the original `` slipper '' sequence be re-animate for this to include the change ! after have see cinderella nearly 100 time -lrb- not kid ! -rrb- , it be odd see the sequence play out differently . i almost suspect that disney do this story as a inside joke for all of we parent who have have to watch the original cinderella countless time . the animation be great -- the plot be enjoyable . they even add some depth to the character of the prince and king . even anastasia and drizella become somewhat more real and likeable ... if that be possible . i be not sure it have a lot of replay value -- surely not as much as the original cinderalla . my daughter do not ask to watch it , but if prompt with this as a choice , she sometimes select it . overall , it be enjoyable -- watch it together !
117	Movies_TV	POS	4	if you be a fan of the movie ` the conversation ' then you will love this for novelty value if nothing else . i havent see much with will smith and i be worry this be go to be somekind of man in black thing . it be in fact , very serious though . good act all around , the list of actor be ridicolous : will smith , gene hackman , john voight , seth green , jack black , jamie kennedy , lisa bonet , scott caan , jason robard , jason lee , there more . i recoginz 2 guy from the soprano -lrb- dont know they name -rrb- , one of which be also in goodfella . the story be full of action . its certainly silly at time , the technology use in this wire-tapping drama be just ridicolous but its a lot of fun .  gene hackman im convince now be the best actor of all time . the conversation be my favorite movie ever and one which i believe be also highly underrated . the conversation revolve around gene hackman character who be a professional -lrb- also legal and legit -rrb- wire tapper . he play the same role in this movie , and there be other conversation parallel : at one point a file photo of hackman character be show , and immediately i recognize it as a photo from the conversation . he work in a similar area : a unerground\/basement , cage in fortress\/shop . if anything this character be harry caul -lrb- hackman in the conversation -rrb- time 10 : he be even more paranoid as show during smith first exchange with he , he work through about 10 other people and 10 level , never get he hand dirty . but will smith get into such a bunch of trouble that you start to wonder how can possibly bail he out ... hackman of course . its also interesting how hackman isnt even introduce until almost half way thru the movie . then only for a few minute ; he disappear again . then he finally return to really kick ... i think vin diesel be cool , i love fast and the furious and xxx and to i gene hackman be just as much of a untouchable badass , just in a much different -lrb- and probably less hip -rrb- way .  tony scott direct this , he be a excellent director know for great film like true romance . funny , there be a similar situation with a similar outcome -lrb- shoot out where everyone die except the main character , will smith in this case -rrb- in this movie .  if you love the conversation as i do , you wish there be more to see . this be as close as you go to get and its quite impressive . a huge cast of star , great acting , and fun script and exciting , visual directing . near perfect .
714	Movies_TV	POS	4	my husband could barely contain himself when he find out that he much beloved dr. who be come back to town on the sci-fus channel back in 2005 . i have to admit that i be a bit excited myself . here be a chance to get reaquaint with the a little british sci-fus export about this painfully british look guy -lrb- tom baker , of course -rrb- with this forever long scarf lope about among cheap `` hi-tech '' set with this much younger british chick . i have only see a couple of episode as a very young child and find that it merely creep i out -lrb- i believe it be robots of death -rrb- , but i remember enough to relate when people mention the show , or when i would hear the theme music . so , here i be at 33 years-old ready to wipe the dr. who slate clean and begin thing all anew for my husband 's enjoyment , if anything . the new series have be alot of fun . hear the theme music again , even to a non-fan be nostalgic enough to bring tear to the eye . the effect and studio set look great , the story exciting and clever . both doctor have be fun loving and just chock-full of all thing a sci-fi fan could possibly want , and prove once again that one do not have to be a `` kill em all and let god sort em out '' kind of hero to save the day in whoville . so , i give this series a nice , healthy rating . room for it to shoot for perfection , not that it have far to go . that be say ... after watch `` school reunion '' with elizabeth sladen reprise she role as sarah jane smith with faithful computer dog k-9 , it make i wonder about the whole dr. who phenomenon in general . my husband fill i in on the fact that this show have be on for 26 consecutive year from 1963-1989 and that there have be more doctor before and after scarf dude . so , out of curiosity , i start dabble into classic dr. who mostly from the 70 's be that this period more coinside with the little i remember about the show , and the fact that more dvd be available from this era . since then i have see the light . true , the effect and set be still pretty poor , and the creature costume rather embarrassing , the script a bit forced , but it do accomplish one very important aspect of dr. who . it last out 26 year through the blood , sweat , and tear of those man and woman in front and behind the camera . there be no computer artist to type in a program to bring all those monster closer to life . many script be write up in a week 's time or less . the film be fast and furious , often require the actor to get it right the first time , because studio time be a precious and expensive commodity . all this to fill up a half hour every saturday for british kid , and somehow , it still become a worldwide obsession . okay , enough of the soap-box talk and on to personal opinion of these new doctor . now , mind you , i like these guy , just as i mention before , and if these be the absolute first to play the role , it would be a no-brainer to say that they be dead-on . but they be not the absolute first and in some way there be a lot to be desire . they do a great job take on bit and piece of the doctor they generate from , but i find eccleston 's heavy northern accent rather jolting . he remind i of drax from the armaggedan factor episode from 1978 with that accent , and i would rather not be remind of drax manifest in any doctor regeneration ! and as for little david tennant , well , i refer to he as a little , oily rat in another review , but only because i have only see he in he role in harry potter and the goblet of fire and he do such a great job as a little , oily rat man -lrb- other than wormtail , of course -rrb- ! he be also rather too young look to play this 900 year-old timelord . at he age he have to be careful not to come off a some arrogant , know-it-all brat . and as for companion rose and all she baggage -lrb- i mean ` family ' -rrb- , i do not recall tom baker 's doctor ever care whether he have a companion or not . he most certainly never beg they to come along , they be sort of always dump on he to haul around . these be personal opinion , of course , and if northern british accent and kid look timelord be you cup of tea , hey , this new series be perfection already . but if you can not help but long for the bohemian dress , scarf wearin ' , alien charm of tom baker lope about those cheap , build from scratch set , ad-libbing oscar wilde style in he smooth baratone voice , then slap 4 star on this series and remember to be eternally grateful that it bring you back to try and true , bare knuckle who .
827	Movies_TV	POS	5	my almost-3-year-old love this movie . he pretend that he be peter pan and i be wendy . we watch it just before go to disneyland , and we be so glad ... much of the park refer to the movie .  it be a great show that have be all but forget by the current generation .
824	Movies_TV	POS	5	most movie get cheesier and cheesier as the sequal continue to grow but this movie -lrb- cinderella iii -rrb- be absolutely adorable and not really cheesy at all !! the character look the exact same , talk the same , and the only thing i could even begin to criticize be that anastasia 's demeanor be better in this one . but the movie be awesome and if you be a true cinderella fan , you have to watch cinderella iii . -lrb- :
390	Movies_TV	POS	4	coolest action movie i ' v see in 2 month . there a lot of action and i think be will smith best movie yet
721	Movies_TV	POS	4	i purchase cinderella iii for my daughter ; however i be also anxious to see what this new version be about ; so i end up watch it before she do . while it tell the same ole love conquer all story ; i appreciate the fact that it involve one of the sister and make she out not to be so bad afterall . i always think that perhaps someone should re-write the story and make the sister not so evil . just people look for love as cinderella be . this story `` almost '' do that . perhaps leave room for another tale after this one that would have a love interest for the sister . a funny tale rather than the typical `` romance '' story . the music ofcourse be not as good as the original ; but in these follow-up movie they seldom be . cinderella also appear more intelligent and more capable of make decision on she own and handle the situation with inginuity . my daughter enjoy it once she do finally get to see it and we have add it to we grow library with pleasure .
335	Movies_TV	POS	4	i try my best to watch all of the disney sequel , and have certainly be disappoint a few time , but this movie be proof to i that , sometimes , they do a good job ! my daughter certainly love it and have already watch it a number of time . while watch this i notice that there be quite a change in the main character . first and foremost , disney have a new powerhouse princess . break the mold of the original 1950 `` cinderella '' -- the weepy , submissive , helpless maiden who require the help of talk animal and fairy magic to save she life -- this cinderella -lrb- voice by jennifer hale -rrb- take she world by the fist and will stop at nothing to reclaim she man . smart , resourceful , fearless , and agile , she quickly leap to the head of the pack -- step aside ariel , jasmine , and belle -- and may well be able to take out both meg -lrb- hercules -rrb- and mulan in a princess battle royale . she be the sydney bristow of the disney universe and a fantastic new role model for young lady of the 21st century . second and more interesting , lady tremaine -lrb- susanne blaskeslee -rrb- elevate herself to the upper echelon of disney villain . infuse a already unholy personality with the power of black magic , tremaine stand toe to toe with maleficent , ursula , and the wicked queen in estrogen soaked evil . keep in mind , this be all accomplish on the fly with little or no practice . imagine the destruction tremaine could cause , if she actually have the knowledge and experience of she contemporary . finally , we get to know the real anastasia -lrb- tress macneille -rrb- . far from a carbon copy of she idiotic sister , she be a kind soul who have spend too many year as the whipping girl for she mother . when put in a position to do the right thing , anastasia do so without hesitation . she be yet another great role model for girl , especially those who might be mistakenly label or view as troublemaker . family dynamics be tough and we often live down to the perception and expectation of those around we . however , give the inspiration and opportunity , anastasia prove we can easily rise above those misperception and become the person we be mean to be . i do have a couple of fault with this sequel . this movie lack artistic depth , which betray the great character and story element at work within . it be a shame , really . the opening number , `` perfectly perfect , '' be force and hokey , a water down version of belle 's entrance in `` beauty and the beast , '' and anastasia 's `` two simple word '' be a generic disney mini-love ballad . the only musical bright spot be jaq and gus-gus 's `` at the ball , '' deliver in true timon and pumbaa style . truth be , you will not have any of these song run through you head , even after 50 plus viewing by the kid . the biggest character misstep be prince and king no-name . these two be pull from the `` stock secondary character '' drawer in the disney vault . the prince be a two-dimensional ken doll whose personality be even less interesting than he physical characteristic . the producer go so far as to enlist the voice of christopher daniel barnes -lrb- ariel 's prince eric -rrb- but it do not help . in term of bonus feature , it be pretty much promotional filler . there be a hayden panettiere -lrb- claire from heroes -rrb- music video for the film 's end credit tune , `` i still believe '' ; a interactive game , bibbidi-bobbidi-choose , that will occupy kid for about 15 minute ; a behind the scene look at the stage musical twice charm ; a sneak preview at the new line of princess tale come this fall ; and dvd rom feature which mac user have to install a interactual player to access . i believe those who enjoy suspense and good fun in a disney movie , will mildly enjoy this movie .
11	Movies_TV	POS	5	i remember the older show when i be a kid and use to laugh at the cheesey special effect and costume but all that have change now ! i can not wait for the next season !
689	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be a little concerned about add `` the bollywood workout '' to my aerobic workout . for one thing , i think it might only be for girl . also , indian dancing be barefoot , and the move be impossible in gym shoe . i like dancing without shoe , the human foot be mean for this , but injured myself when do aerobic workout without run shoe . i decide to give it a try because in bollywood film , the guy dance just as crazily as the girl , try to impress they i would suppose . as to the shoe issue , the only impact movement in this workout be the two and three hop hare krishna move and hemalayaa be very conscientious about tell you to bend the knee to absorb the stress . the other foot move be characteristic of indian dance and art : rather than be \* en pointe \* or a continual \* jete \* into space -lrb- with stress on landing -rrb- indian dance stay root to the earth and get its strength building from variant of \* plie \* , if you 'll pardon my french ! this i find a very rewarding workout that unlike jane fonda 's -lrb- which i also like -rrb- seem to last far less than fifty minute , because there be more variety . the lady look like real woman and not barbie doll but be `` eye candy '' all the same . you do need to be careful in the head whip move if you have any history of neck or back trouble . but do they slowly and ramp up may -lrb- in my nonmedical opinion -rrb- help to clear these very problem up . of course , as a introduction to the vast dance tradition of india , this be like play louie-louie on the \* sitar \* and purist may be offend . but bollywood itself play around , respectfully , with india 's tradition and this workout introduce the westerner to many unvisited bodily zone , for example , when hemalayaa invite you to breathe into a specific area . more advanced dancer will of course laugh at these gal , but those of we fight depression and advance age with siva 's dance applaud hemalayaa 's effort to bring this important practice to ordinary gymnosophistical slob such as yours truly .
451	Movies_TV	POS	5	i have just recently discover dr. who and can say without a doubt that i do not hesitate to call myself a whovian i be obsess with it , pretty much watch it daily . the people of the uk be so lucky to have have this for so long i be glad they finally bring it to the us . ca not wait for the new season although david and billie be my favorite !
534	Movies_TV	POS	5	excellent premise of washington high tech crime in the national security community . will smith be better in this than in www . he be a good choice for this part . put he with gene hackman and you get explosive scene . excellent action footage and the cut room work be excellent .
856	Movies_TV	POS	5	disney 's peter pan require no introduction . however , the `` special edition '' include several asian language in addition to english , but each time you put the dvd in , you have to go to the setting menu and turn off the subtitle if you do not want they to come on automatically . if you be a english speaker and want the regular north american edition , buy the `` limited issue '' .
124	Movies_TV	POS	5	we family vote pp as the 2nd best disney movie , behind only the lion king . it have something for boy and girl of all age , include the 2 thing that make a movie truly great for my 9 year old son  sword and sword fight . this be a movie we have own a long time and it get watch several time per year . pete  s dragon be we most watch movie period but pd come in 3rd .  we have a lot of fun by gather the family together to rank the 41 disney movie we have that include some cartoon work . all the kid , age 6 to 27 , participate along with mother and dad . peter pan be no codfish , we rank it # 2 . lion king be select number 1 of the 41 as the family favorite , but narrowly . peter pan be 2 . pete  s dragon 3 , beauty & the beast 4 and sleep beauty 5 .
980	Movies_TV	POS	5	after the astounding climax to the first season , i find it hard to believe that this strong debut would ever be top . the christmas special blow those doubt apart , as well as set the tone -lrb- and some plotpoint -rrb- for the rest of the season . this episode be one of the most unusual in the show 's history , as the doctor be incommunicado for almost three-quarter of its run time . the payoff be huge , with the best debut of a doctor that i have ever see . there be so many great moment in those fifteen minute . see the doctor work out who he be . the swordfight . six word . russell t. davies really stamp he mark on the series with this episode . the succeed episode all , arguably , vary in quality depend on how high you standard be . the most annoying aspect be the inclusion of torchwood - which on reflection be not as subtle as the ` bad wolf ' meme from last season . for i , the standout be the perfect three episode run - tooth and claw -lrb- russell t. davies -rrb- , school reunion -lrb- toby whithouse -rrb- and the absolutely superb and near-perfect girl in the fireplace -lrb- from the brilliant steven moffat -rrb- . all , for i , perfect doctor who episode and also great example of the different tone and theme that the series have explore throughout its long history . new series fan may be perturb that rose get less to do this season . it be clear , in retrospect , that the focus be on create story for the new doctor . while rose 's backstory run as a subplot in the background . in retrospect this be understandable , but be rather jarring on initial transmission . especially as russell 's plan for this season be not entirely clear from the first few episode . the dvd extra be as great as ever . in addition to the confidential cut-downs , there be also the dvd commentary . dissapointingly , steven moffat do not get a turn this time round , although he do provide commentary in a podcast freely available on the bbc 's dr who website . however russell t. davies do commentate on tooth and claw , and be wonderfully entertaining and informative . it be also incredibly please to see the new doctor - david tennant - make a big contribution to the dvd as well . he contribute commentary to three episode -lrb- school reunion , idiots lantern , doomsday -rrb- . and also provide a whopping 85-minute video diary that cover the entire season . it be a suprisingly frank documentary , show david 's initial nervousness at both live up to the legacy he so clearly idolise , and cope with the hectic schedule that seem to be the hallmark of this new series . big kudos to tennant for provide such a generous look at what it take to be the very best in this fantastic series . in addition to be one of the best doctor 's ever , he be also a great ambassador for the show . look back on it , the second series be much much better than the already strong first season . whether or not you enjoy it depend on whether or not you accept david tennant as the doctor . and whether you can accept that this new series flatly refuse to conform to fan expectation of what a science fiction should be . this be doctor who as big-budget family entertainment . in my case , the answer be a resounding yes . this second series have help in lay a strong foundation for what be undoubtedly the greatest run this much-loved series have ever have . if i could , i would give this 10 star out of 5 . more please !
157	Movies_TV	POS	5	the first season the first doctor be amazing . i be a huge tom baker fan and in my eye there could never be another doctor as good as he . i be very skeptical of this new doctor who series . after watch the first season i be amaze how great the plot be and how amazing this doctor be . shockingly they replace this doctor with a new one at the end of the first series . i could not believe this . personally i be shock they find a actor this good to play doctor who . now they get rid of he and replace he with a new actor . my thought , the show be over , they will never find another person to play the doctor as well as this first guy . to my amazement this new guy be unbelieveable as the doctor . he be even better then the first and remind i a lot of tom baker . the second season be great all the way through until the end . billie pipper i love . she be great as the doctor side kick and not to leave out she be hot !! just after two season they be now get rid of she . do the first doctor and billie pipper choose to leave on there own or be they fire . if they leave on there own they be fool cause this new series be great and should be pick up for many season to come . i be in fear of this new side kick who will be appear in season three . such a perfect show to relieve two great actor within the first two season .
169	Movies_TV	POS	5	first off , there be a minor audio issue with the surround background music overwhelming the dialogue of the actor . i have not find a resolution and just turn up my volume . subtitles\/closed caption will help with this minor issue . also image be very crisp and special effect be wonderful on this dvd set compare to sci-fus channel airing . also , there be no shorted episode like those air on tv . now , it be onto my review of this dvd set . this be a brilliant continuation where christopher eccelston leave off in the first new series of doctor who . david tennant -lrb- regenerate 10th doctor -rrb- and billie piper -lrb- companion - rose tyler from the last doctor -rrb- start we with the christmas invasion with the colorful cast of jackie and mickey who be rose 's mum and pal\/pseudo-boyfriend . tennant quickly develop he similar style in loud and snide comment as eccelston do last year . however , he add another side of humor which be more physical and serious than eccelston . piper be pretty much herself and the mother character be more hilarious and kookier than rose 's sweet nature . insecure mickey be a great contrast to piper 's commanding tone . episode fit nicely one after the other . favorite episode be list below and doctor who confidential be on the last disc for behind the scene . \* rise of cybermen -lrb- part 1 -rrb- \* age of steel -lrb- part 2 -rrb- \* new earth \* girl in fireplace \* impossible planet -lrb- part 1 -rrb- \* satan 's pit -lrb- part 2 -rrb- here be a listing of we favorite heros\/villans . \* cybermen - still the same but interesting storyline \* daleks - slightly upgrade with levitation power -lrb- i prefer the rolling droid -rrb- \* k-9 - robot dog from the tom baker year \* sarah jane - from the 3rd & 4th doctor series \* jackie - rose 's mom and also cougar who prey on young lad and the doctor \* mickey\/ricky - rose 's buddy and parallel universe `` mickey '' also , here be the last couple of episode before actor tennant regenerate to actor matt smith . i have the review for these episode already available on dvd . \* the new doctor -lrb- with david morrissey -rrb- - christmas special 2008 \* planet of the dead -lrb- with michele ryan -rrb- - easter special 2009 the soon to be release tennant final episdo be as follow : \* the waters of mars - air november 2009 \* end of time -lrb- parts 1 and 2 -rrb- - will air december 2009 and january 2010
460	Movies_TV	POS	5	there be four class of disney film : the classic -lrb- snow white , pinocchio , sleep beauty -rrb- , the good film -lrb- robin hood , alice in wonderland -rrb- , the yawners , or unremarkable film -lrb- the aristocats , the sword in the stone -rrb- , and the failure -lrb- the black cauldron -rrb- . basically , all but the last class be one that be enjoyable , and only the first two class be worthy of be hail as `` classic '' by the disney marketing machine .  peter pan fall distinctly in the second class , the `` good '' film . great villain -lrb- both hook and the crocodile -rrb- , great hero , and great story , but just shy of be perfect in the execution in a few place . still , it be a classic disney film , and `` good '' for disney be a perfect feature for all but a few animation studio .  this edition have a decent amount of extra , include a commentary track -lrb- which i have not listen to -rrb- , and making-of featurette . all in all , this be about as good as it get for a disney release outside of the platinum edition . if you can find it , make every effort to buy it .
365	Movies_TV	POS	4	yes , there be a scene miss from the 1953 disney movie ! we watch it again recently after see `` finding neverland '' . i be wait for the `` if you believe in fairy , clap you hand ! '' part -lrb- my favorite moment in the original film -rrb- , but it never come ! what be disney think ???!!! do anyone know if the unedited original be available for sale anywhere ?
263	Movies_TV	POS	5	look great & the additional material be fun . i do not know a lot of that stuff , so it be fun to see all of the creative genius behind walt 's work .
668	Movies_TV	POS	5	doctor who the complete second series be worth every penny . it feature optional episode commentary , doctor who confidential 's for each episode . david tennant 's video diary give a fantastic insider 's pass to the creation of doctor who . this be a must have for any doctor who fan .
833	Movies_TV	POS	5	the new doctor who -lrb- david tennant -rrb- have make this series fresh , exciting , and open it to a whole new generation . a great set ... would highly recommend .
148	Movies_TV	POS	5	love it , love it , love it . though doctor who be write for british kid and i be a 45 year old american , i still find a fun romp through space and time worthwhile . i love the story and find myself quote line from it in my everyday life , even though no-one i know watch it .
518	Movies_TV	POS	5	my granddaughter age 4.5 have watch this movie daily since we get it . she like it better than the first one .
110	Movies_TV	POS	5	will smith and gene hackman be brilliant in this movie ! will smith prove that he can be just as good of a actor when it come to action movie as he can in comedy movie . mr. dean -lrb- will smith -rrb- do not know it at first , but he have become the prime target for a politician and he group of thug when he accidentally obtain major evidence of a politically motivated crime . soon , he life be gonna do more than fall apart . the only way he can possibly even have half a chance to get he life back be with the help of a expert name brill -lrb- gene hackman -rrb- .  `` enemy of the state '' be one of the best all around movie i have ever see . it have some of the most intense suspense ever see in a movie . it be think provoke and it be jam full of non-stop action and suspense . i recommend anybody who like action or suspense movie to pick up a copy of `` enemy of the state '' right now .
334	Movies_TV	POS	5	my daughter love this video . it come fast in the mail and in excellent condition !
999	Movies_TV	POS	4	first let i say right out that i enjoy every single story on this set . the only reason i do not give this set a rating of 5 star be because of a technical issue play disk 5 on my computer system . the menu program lock up or when it do not lock up it crash to the desktop before you can make a menu selection . i discover that by uncheck the video hardware acceleration option in the powerdvd software i be able to enjoy the contents of disk 5 . this be the only time that i ever experience this kind of problem with a new disk .
386	Movies_TV	POS	5	love it as a kid , and now i love share it with my boy !
558	Movies_TV	POS	5	this be a dvd set that every fan of the series need to get .
532	Movies_TV	POS	5	classic . must buy for any toddler\/kid collection . excellent story rendition , animation , music .
47	Movies_TV	POS	5	ok , i admit , i do not want to spend the money and start out by borrow this one from the library . in fact , i play it for my almost 3 year old daughter while i take a shower , because i really be not all that interested in a direct to dvd video . she request it again -lrb- and again , and again -rrb- . finally one day i need to get some work do and set up the laptop in the family room while she be watch . needless to say , i do not accomplish much for the duration of the movie . lol ! what a refreshingly fun story ! i love that cinderella take charge of she own destiny instead of be `` save by the handsome prince '' . i also like the character development of anastasia - although i find it a little difficult to swallow the thought of she as a sympathetic character , it do work very well . you see the progression of change , so it make sense . not a big fan of the `` i know i be in love the moment i touch she hand '' thing , but it be still a fairy tale , after all . the animation of the face be even better than the original . cinderella 's expression be gorgeous and tug at you heart . the voice be wonderful , too . and very true to the original .
245	Movies_TV	POS	5	i never consider disney 's `` peter pan '' to be one of they best animated classic up there with `` bambi '' and `` pinocchio , '' and it be while watch all of the extra that come with this platinum edition that i figure out why this be the case . much be make of walt disney 's affection for the j.m. barrie 's story of the boy who would not grow up , and it dawn on i that i always identify more with tom swift , the boy inventor , than with peter pan . consequently i have develop a hypothesis that there be a choice to be make between peter pan and tom swift , similar to those we make between superman and batman , elvis and the beatles , ginger and mary ann , etc. , as part of we pop culture consciousness . however , that be say , even those of we who be in a hurry to grow up can still enjoy disney 's unique take on peter pan in this 1953 version . as most of we know from `` finding neverland '' or we own familiarity with the story of the story , `` peter pan '' be originally a stage production with actor be hoist on wire to fly , tinker bell be create by a flashlight , a actor play nana and a young woman as peter . disney 's animated version have great fun make the character fly , turn tinker bell into a pantomime pixie who would become the icon of the disney studio , and for the first time have the boy who never grow up be model and voice by a actual boy -lrb- bobby driscoll -rrb- . wendy be voice by kathryn beaumont , who have just do the title character disney 's `` alice in wonderland , '' by vocally the show be steal by the great hans conreid as both captain hook and mr. darling , and bill thompson as the memorable mr. smee . one of the thing that prove the immortality of `` peter pan '' be how many different version of it work , each provide its own twist on the tale -lrb- my favorite be director p.j. hogan 's 2003 film version , which i think be far and away the best version for adult -rrb- . here the emphasis be on neverland as the greatest playground ever , where captain hook and tinker bell take turn steal the film . peter pan be a bit more of a imp here than elsewhere , but that be balance by the gravitas that wendy bring to the proceedings . the only serious flaw here be the depiction of the indians , although a consideration of the song `` what make the red man red ? '' from the perspective of contemporary political correctness may still find the racism more silly than anything else . it go without say that these attitude be true to the time , and my preference have always be for point out these flaw rather than editing or ignore they . i might not consider this a top tier disney film , but the dvd extra more than make up the difference , because once again we the studio treat its classic film the way all classic film should be treat on a 2-disc dvd set -lrb- which include a new digital restoration -rrb- . on disc 1 there be a sneak peak for the upcome `` tinker bell '' computer animated movie , a opportunity to sing along with the movie 's song , and a storybook of `` peter 's playful prank . '' then there be the audio commentary track be a compilation of interview clip `` host '' by roy disney . the commentary bear no relation to what be happen on screen so it really be just to be listen to and you will find that several of the bit appear in the featurette on disc 2 . it be fascinating to listen to the likes of film critic\/historian leonard malting , animator marc davis -lrb- tinker bell -rrb- , frank thomas -lrb- captain hook -rrb- , and ollie johnston , along with actress beaumont and margaret kerry -lrb- model for tinker bell -rrb- , and other . on disc 2 you get to the backstage disney section , which include walt disney 's own explanation for `` why i make ` peter pan , ' '' a mini-documentary on `` the make of ` peter pan , ' '' and one of the highlight of the extra feature , `` the ` peter pan ' that almost be , '' that look at the evolution of the disney version over the course of more than a decade . there be also a 1952 featurette on the film and art galleries consider hundred of gorgeous piece of original artwork do for the production . the music & more section include the delete song `` the pirate song '' and the lose song `` never land '' perform by paige o'hara , along with a music video of `` the second star to the right '' perform by t-square . for games & activities there be a read-along version of the entire film , `` camp never land : train to be a lose boy , '' `` smee 's sudoku challenge , '' `` tarrrget practice , '' and `` tink 's fantasy flight , '' all of which will appeal to the wee folk who be not familiar with play computer game on a actual computer . finally there be `` peter pan 's virtual flight , '' which i assume take we over a computer generate london prepare for the upcome `` tinker bell '' movie .
433	Movies_TV	POS	5	i purchase a disney dvd form this seller with the description that it be in good condition . upon recieve it find that it be ` nt . i leave feedback say so much and this seller contact i thru amazon and , in a very proffessional and courteous mannor , resolve the issue . i totally will purchase from this seller in the future and recomend other to do so as well . thank you northwest discounts ! sincerly carole
771	Movies_TV	POS	5	i receive the order within a week of order it . there be no surprise . the product be as order and it be on sale at the best price i could find anywhere !
692	Movies_TV	POS	5	my wife and i become instant doctor who fan from the moment we watch the first episode of series 1 . i be worry when christopher eccleston leave the show , but david tennant have turn about to be a excellent doctor . the third series will be a instant buy when it be release later this year .
724	Movies_TV	POS	5	i have to admit that i be disappoint with cinderella ii so i think this movie would be the same let down ... gosh , be i wrong . not only do my girl love this movie -lrb- 2 and 4 year old -rrb- but i find myself enjoy it too ! i be really surprise this be not release in the movie before go to dvd ... it be very good !
740	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be leery of the new series because the original be so terrific ; however , i be now completely win over ! it be amazing to i that the writer have infuse the flavor of the original series into the update story as well as they have . it just get better and better . i think christopher eccleston be the best doctor yet and then along come david tennant ! i can not wait for series 3 .
886	Movies_TV	POS	5	my grandchild -lrb- okay , i too -rrb- thoroughly enjoy this film . the extra be informative and interesting for adult and child .
293	Movies_TV	POS	5	i have like all the version of peter pan make over the year -lrb- such as hook , and more recently p.j. hogan 's peter pan -rrb- , but disney 's 1953 version will always be my favorite . i have love this movie since i be a young , and i still enjoy watch it today . the music be terrific , the animation be beautiful , and -lrb- despite what other may think -rrb- wonderfully depict j.m. barrie 's classic novel about a boy who would not grow up . i would recommend this to anyone who enjoy classic disney film and\/or the original novel .
674	Movies_TV	POS	4	i watch this dvd with my two girl -lrb- age 6 and 10 -rrb- . we like it very much . my 10 year old comment that she like it much better than cinderella ii . the story be a cute `` twist '' on the original which i still hold very dear to my heart . the message be perfect for my girl , which be ... do not try to be something you be not just to get someone to love you . and , of course , it be happily ever after !
583	Movies_TV	POS	4	i be certainly one of those people who take the advent of direct to video\/dvd sequel of the classic disney film as yet another nail in the coffin of american popular culture . however , i have to admit that i have be pleasantly surprise by some of the most recent offering in this corporate enterprise , most notably `` bambi ii , '' which be most certainly not a embarrassment compare to the original . as a general rule of thumb i have find disney 's sequel to be at least a star less than the original , and that be the case with `` cinderella iii : a twist in time , '' which have the virtue of be a thought provoke critique on the original 1950 disney animated feature film that would actually be worth discuss with kid after they have see it . i do not see `` cinderella ii : dream come true , '' but that do not seem to be any impediment to skip that sequel for this one . what be important be that you have see the original . the twist here be suppose to `` what if the slipper do not fit ? '' but that be not at all what happen here . anastasia , one of cinderella 's stepsister , be depressed because of all the happy ever after that be go on without she when she stumble across cinderella 's fairy godmother and learn that it be the result of magic . the next thing we know cinderella 's evil stepmother have the fairy godmother 's magic wand in she possession and to get revenge she turn back the hand of time to the moment when the grand duke show up at the front door with the glass slipper . before cinderella come down the stair the evil stepmother use the magic wand to make anastasia 's foot fit the slipper , so it never get to the point where the slipper do not fit cinderella . in the original tell of cinderella the slipper be make of glass because in she effort to have it fit she the large foot of she daughter the evil stepmother have one but off a toe and the other a heel . since it be a glass slipper everyone could see all the blood . that be never go to make it into a disney version , but the original `` cinderella '' make nice use of the glass slipper in a different way when the evil stepmother break the one the duke have be cart around the kingdom . this set up my favorite moment in the original , which be when we young heroine reach into she pocket and produce the other glass slipper . `` cinderella iii '' follow up on that in a nice way when once again one of the glass slipper get break . as the king explain to the prince , loving someone have to be base on more than `` they choice in transparent footwear , '' and that line be central to how `` cinderella iii : a twist in time '' ask its young audience to go beyond the original fairy tale . even in a time when shoe be make individually to fit someone 's foot instead of be mass produce , the glass slipper be go to fit more than one person . so as the prince learn , pick a bride because the shoe proverbially fit be not the best way to live happily ever after . meanwhile , the evil stepmother learn that there be some thing more powerful than magic . i also see this version as be influence by `` ever after : a cinderella story '' in that one of the evil stepsister be not as bad as the other -lrb- and i be also happy to see that the first painting in the end credit answer the question i have about anastasia 's fate -rrb- . the net result be a interesting re-examination of some of the assumption of the original tale within the framework of that original movie and without resort to a `` modern '' re-telling of the tale . so i think most viewer will be pleasantly surprise with what they find here . the level of the animation here be not up to the level of a theatrical release , which be hardly surprising -lrb- `` bambi ii '' be a exception , but they clearly have to up they game with that one -rrb- . the song this time around be fine , but while gus , jac and two of the bluebird be back the female mouse from the originally be strangely miss -lrb- i have like high pitched singing mouse from `` cinderella '' through `` babe '' to today -rrb- . in term of special feature on this dvd there be a music video feature hayden panettiere -lrb- best know now as the cheerleader from `` hero '' -rrb- and look at another musical variation similar to this cinderella theme do for a disney cruise ship . in term of game and activity there be the bidbidi-bobbidi game where you get a chance to `` grab the fairy godmother 's wand and make some magic of you own , '' and cinderella 's ballroom , where you get to dance to the princess jukebox , choreograph you own ballroom dance , and even use you own photo to turn yourself into a princess -lrb- in other word , some of these be dvd-rom feature -rrb- .
425	Movies_TV	POS	5	for those of you who enjoy the new doctor who , series 1 , you will not be disappoint with series 2 ! david tennant take on the role of the doctor , and do it with such finesse and charm you will be immediately suck in . billie piper continue she role as rose tyler for another season , and she farewell be truly heartbreaking . this season be full of fantastic adventure , bring in old foe such as the cybermen and the daleks , and introduce some new one . the doctor and rose meet up with queen victoria , the doctor 's old assistant sarah jane smith -lrb- and k-9 ! -rrb- , and even take on the prince of darkness himself . grant , there be one or two episode that i be not particularly fond of -lrb- i.e. `` fear she '' feel more like a pitch for the 2012 olympics to be in london rather than a real episode -rrb- , but overall this be probably my favorite season so far -lrb- `` the girl in the fireplace '' be one of my all time favorite episode ! -rrb- . there be also hour of special feature , include david tennant 's video diary which give a insightful look behind the scene . definitely a must have for any doctor who fan , despite the price . it be well worth it , not to mention you would pay much more if you buy it anywhere else !
916	Movies_TV	POS	5	this film be unbelievable excitement . it go it be entire length -lrb- which be over two hour -rrb- at pretty much breakneck speed . there be car chase , explosion , and state-of-the-art technology . it be a very scary premise , to think that the review i be write right now could be be view by other as i type it . nobody will feel safe , not even in the comfort of they own home , after watch this film . the chemistry between gene hackman and will smith work out really well . smith most of all , surprise i in a very pleasant way because i never have see he act before -lrb- yes , i have not see mib yet , shame on i -rrb- and he really live he role . all the ingredient for a rip-roaring roller-coaster ride be here . sit back and enjoy .
517	Movies_TV	POS	4	the movie 's excellent , except for occasional poor composition in the camerawork . once the action start , though , you be too grip by the plot to notice .  the video quality be ok , but the disc have the same bug as `` tron '' -- whenever there be text on the screen , a spurious `` multiple camera angle available '' icon appear . distract and annoy ; obviously disney have not work out how to author a dvd properly yet .
575	Movies_TV	POS	4	ok , if you have be read these review , you can see that people either think the movie kick a \*\* or suck a \*\* . well , it be posible to go wither way . the movie have a incredible story line , that be relitivly original . but , if you hate action flick , this movie be not recommend . the story have great acting , and many star , include will smith and gene hackman , among other . if you dont like will smith and be sick of see he in this type of movie , this movie be again , not for you . this movie can stir many different emotion from you : you could be on the edge of you seat , jump at explosion , and believe that you be in the movie , or you could be asleep , as that one guy and he girlfriend be . for i , this be one of the best action movie i have ever see ! -lrb- but that be partly because seth green be in it -rrb- . i encourage people to buy this movie if you belong to the first category of the above mention group , or if you like seth . it be well worth you time !!!
544	Movies_TV	POS	5	how do you take a long-running , cult hit about a alien that travel through time and space in a british police call box and make it cool ? hire a creative team that truly love the original mythology to bring the time traveler into the present . season one revive the show with a bigger budget , better effect , superb writing , and a charismatic new doctor in chirstopher eccleston . season two 's new doctor , david tennant , blend beautifully with the support cast while bring he own classically quirky stamp to the character . less childlike than eccleston , tennat 's doctor get a little more time for romance , even with sidekick rose tyler -lrb- billie piper -rrb- . but he still do he share of fight evil , alien , and evil alien . this year see he take on a werewolf , cybermen , daleks , satan -lrb- yes , that satan -rrb- , and torchwood - england 's answer to ares 51 . the six-dvd set include the christmas episode and the `` children in need '' short that run between season in england , as well as outtake , delete scene , and a entire disc of the min-documentary series doctor who confidential , which be show only in the uk until now . this new doctor who be a compelling - if not downright addicting - show for discerning student of sci-fus . get hooked .
982	Movies_TV	POS	5	dvd arrive well , play perfectly ... as a movie ??? my 3 year old absolutely love `` peanut butter pan '' but strange to see some of the disney spin . . like female jealousy from tinker and the mermaid , wendy for the indian maid . . weird white male humor with the `` redskins '' ? little kid only see scary croc , adventure and fun ... we have watch it together about 37 time so i be get to see a lot of nuance i suppose ...
376	Movies_TV	POS	5	it be a stir movie . all the technology they use in the movie be out of this world . be we government really do this , yes i believe so . but over all it be good .
396	Movies_TV	POS	5	great just as i hope it would be . rose make this dr who the best of all the dr who series .
541	Movies_TV	POS	5	the day my dad buy i this tape back in april 1993 , i instantly fall in-love with it . and while it be only the third addition to my disney collection back then -lrb- follow `` the little mermaid '' & `` beauty and the beast '' -rrb- , today , have over 20 disney film in my library , it still remain one of my favorite disney movie ever . i love everything about this film , but mostly the glossy animation . it remind i of that in `` cinderella '' . very pristine , very detailed , amazing color . equally important , the character be very appealing , especially tinker-bell and the evil-yet-hilarious captain hook . wendy be also a great character , draw very beautifully . the story of `` peter pan '' have always interested i , and therefore i have high expectation upon watch this movie for the first time . i remember watch it with my sister ; we be totally blow away by it . it be easily a classic in a league of its own .
851	Movies_TV	POS	5	alysha miller block 3 `` come with i where you 'll never , never have to worry about grow up thing again . '' that quote , say by peter pan , start a whole adventure with peter and wendy . in the movie , peter pan , peter come to wendy 's house and take she and she sibling to never land , where no one ever grow up . never land be fill with pirate , mermaid , indians , and fairy . peter and wendy go through many obstacle to defeat the villain , captain hook . one reason that you should buy this movie be because it be entertain for everyone from kid to adult . the animated and imaginary land will be fun for kid , and the adult will enjoy the wonder of childhood . also , you should buy this product because it be a disney classic . it be one of disney 's most famous movie , and you can own it and have the ability to be a part of the magic disney bring to every film it make . finally , you should buy peter pan because it will stay in you heart forever . the delightful tale of child just let go and have fun will always be a reminder to have a good time instead of worry about problem throughout all of you life . in conclusion , you should purchase peter pan because it be enchant for everyone , it be a famous disney film , and the concept will be with you forever .
155	Movies_TV	POS	5	accord to bbc and netflix the only problem be with disc 1 on the copy make for netflix . excellent series .
438	Movies_TV	POS	5	my niece watch this for the first time with my husband and myself and she love it as do we .
476	Movies_TV	POS	5	i admit to not really like chris eccleston 's doctor . maybe it be because he look like a intergalactic al bundy or even a skinhead tom baker . anyhow , that be all past , and we now have a actor who have outrank the legendary tom baker as favorite doctor . david tennant be the best thing to come to doctor who in a long time . he be more believable than he predecessor , and he portrayal of we favorite time lord be the best i have see in quite some time . series 2 have preserve the spirit of classic dw while take a bold step into the future -lrb- no pun intend -rrb- , and story arc like ` rise of the cybermen ' \/ ` age of steel ' and the season finale will not disappoint . ` the idiot 's lantern ' could have be from season 24-26 . ` school reunion ' and ` tooth and claw ' be also excellent . simply put , there be not one single story i do not like . my highest recommendation , need to be 10 star !
686	Movies_TV	POS	5	do anyone denounce the jealous rage of tinker bell , the petty antic of the mermaid or peter 's sometimes cruel spirit actually read the original book ? no ? i do not think so . what be leave to say ? this movie be a disney classic and hold a special place in the heart of many adult . however , the indirect racism and stereotype may not be appropriate for today audience and they parent 's undue concern with political correctness and empower view of femininity . the film be very date , but no more than the other animated feature from this time period . the film also do not accurately reflect the original novel , but none of disney 's classic hold very true to they inspiration . this film be a beautiful example of light hearted entertainment of a bygone era . the old disney classic be in a league all they own and modern child 's movie just can not touch they . if you be a parent concern with the indirect racism and old fashion view just look to the humor in today 's child 's film . sexual innuendo , toilet humor , political stab , many of which go over the head of the little one . what make outdated stereotype any worse than the derogatory humor use in today 's cgus cinematography ? at least these older film be intelligent and encourage child to dream big and use they imagination . the platinum edition of peter pan be a must have for any disney collection . as you child get older show they the other adaptation , such as the live action and encourage they to read the book . there be no reason not to challenge a child . that be what these classic do , they open door to other means of enjoyment and enrichment for child . a lot of parent today really miss that point .
368	Movies_TV	POS	5	i watch this movie when i be younger and i think that it be great that my son will be able to love it as well . he want to watch it all the time now and i be very glad that we could find it for he .
579	Movies_TV	POS	5	i be very happy with the product , be as describe and a wonderfull addition to my collection of disney movie . thank you !
874	Movies_TV	POS	5	this be the type of movie that fill in the gap of what be really going on in our government . i have the vhs and i have to have the dvd . this be a classic movie .
171	Movies_TV	POS	4	will smith be robert clayton dean , a young yet prominent labor attorney in the dc area who suddenly find he well order life go to hell . unknown to he , he be accidentally receive a video disc implicate the deputy director of operations of the nsa -lrb- jon voight -rrb- in the suspicious death of a influential senator - a disc pass to he moment before its owner 's untimely death . unable to locate the disc , the wicked dep decide to take dean 's life to piece - find much in smith 's character that be not as order as it appear . in fact , dean 's adventure as a labor lawyer frequently have he run up against organize crime boss , include one play by tom sizemore . worse , to get he information , smith rely on a shadowy figure name brill , a man he be never meet . instead , he maintain contact with brill through a former lover -lrb- lisa bonet -rrb- . draw a line between smith and bonet use they ban account , the nsa wreck he personal life and implicate he in embezzlement . on the run from the super-secret nsa with its satellite and its surveillance gear , with nowhere to turn , dean 's only hope be to find the mysterious brill himself , learn the secret drive he pursuer and hope to fund some way to put he life back together .  not a lot in `` enemy '' make sense , but it be fast and , with will smith , often funny . he be get a flip sense of humor that save the movie that otherwise have few surprise . gene hackman enter the scene as the shadowy brill running , and he never stop . brill be essentially paranoia incarnate - though by the time we have meet he , we know enough about the government 's surveillance method to empathize with he fear . jon voight play the latest in a long line of heavy -lrb- he be the evil lawyer in `` rainmaker '' -rrb- but otherwise never connect as a villain . but the real star of the flick be the direction , which be fast and coherent at the same time . otherwise , the flick pay lip service to hollywood 's need for a apparent message -lrb- beware nig government 's intrusion on you privacy -rrb- without make the movie deep enough for you to care . watch it for the fun .
188	Movies_TV	POS	5	i love this movie as child , love the ride at disneyland , and love this special dvd set !
6	Movies_TV	POS	5	the prior reviewer need a little schooling in widescreen . the 1st . true widescreen film be the robe in cinemascope 1953 and follow by how to marry a millionaire both by 20th century fox who own the process . not the king & i. by 1956 widescreen be in full swing with most of the study either use cinemascope or use one of they own . quite possibly disney could give this film a matting since the industry standard in film be not 1.33 and tv be not yet a household item at the time . also , disney do produce 2 film in widescreen lady & the tramp and sleep beauty cinemascope and technirama . both beautifully do on dvd and vh . so please get you fact straight when make strong statement about other comment .
349	Movies_TV	POS	4	i know that be heresy , but i do not care . the original `` cinderella '' may be a classic , but i never care for it . i acknowledge the beauty of the animation and the quality of the song , but i find it nearly impossible to root for the frustratingly passive title character . which be why i like this sequel . cinderella finally come into she own as a smart , resourceful heroine . she take she fate into she own hand , and stand up to she evil stepmother instead of allow the old rhymes-with-witch to bully she . this be the cinderella i have always want to see ! while many have grumble over the transformation of cinderella 's stepsister anastasia , i like it . i find it believable and quite touching . while she sister drizellum remain hateful , anastasia show that , underneath it all , she be really a decent person , who wish to be love for she own self , however clumsy and goofy that self may be .
45	Movies_TV	POS	4	i remember loving peter pan as a child . as a adult i purchase the dvd for my child . the scene with `` follow the leader , '' and the scene in the nursery be classic disney . i also have a new respect for how creative the animation be for the time when it be create . i would recommend this disney film , but as a adult , i notice thing that deter from movie . i still enjoy the movie , but i cringe at the depiction of the female of this film be nothing more than frivolous beauty with nothing to do other than fight over a non-pubescent boy . -lrb- there evidently be not a female writer on staff ! -rrb- i also have trouble with the indian portrayal . i can not decide whether disney be poke fun at the way caucasians perceive native americans , or if the writer be typical of they time period .
795	Movies_TV	POS	5	what can i say ? it be doctor who , it rule ! just as good if not better then the first series . i like the last doctor but the new on be great in a differant way . billy piper be amazing . i be sad she be not in the 3rd series : -lrb-
539	Movies_TV	POS	5	i have love this movie ever since i see it on the disneyland tv show in the early 1950 's . it absolutely enthral i . the masterful animation , the fascinating story and the uplifting music go a long way in make the delicious fantasy almost seem true . as in all good , juicy story , character give each other a rough time . captain hook stalk peter pan and even give he a deadly bomb ! peter pan also taunt the good captain . the crocodile also do he best to make captain hook 's life a misery . funny how the pc police never bring up these male-on-male confrontation . but once tinkerbell get jealous of wendy , or the mermaid act uppity , then we be deal with female-on-female bullying , and that do not go over with the lady nowadays . never mind that it be a fact of life . as for the caricatured native american stereotype , that be all they be . unhappily , a lot of caricature be exaggerated image which have grow up around a kernel of truth . and they apply to all race . as a white male , my biggest nightmare be that i may someday actually look like homer simpson , elmer fudd or popeye . but i 'll just have to take my chance . kid be very sensitive to the energy around they , and if you sit there watch disney 's peter pan with they in a guard , pc resistance-stance , they 'll tune right into it and then get turn off . why not lighten up , and take this film on its own wonderful fantasy term ? that positive energy will enhance the experience for you little one . if ever a film be make for child , this be one of the best .
200	Movies_TV	POS	5	try to fill my disney library with dvd 's and of course , amazon have they . very happy to have it .
841	Movies_TV	POS	5	i love this workout !!! i start do it at 259 pound and while tough , i have a lot of fun , now it be easier but still load of fun and a great way to get energise for the day !
294	Movies_TV	POS	5	i purchase this dvd for my niece . it be a excellent value . order be very easy and the dvd arrive in a timely manner . excellent !
607	Movies_TV	NEG	2	i find this series almost painful to watch at time . dr who be always great `` cheesy '' fun , but this new version take itself far too seriously at time - make the cheese-factor something you laugh at , rather than laugh along with . there be far too many episode in london -lrb- it feel like a council promo at time ... -rrb- and some of the support character be hugely annoying - especially mickey , who often have i cheer for the bad guy in the hope that the annoying little so-and-so would get kill in some hilarious -lrb- and preferably gory -rrb- fashion . on the plus side ; david tennant be perfect as the doctor , and billie piper be also fantastic as the down-to-earth and likable sidekick - they have a great chemistry . some of the visual be excellent , and occasionally it do actually hit the mark when try to be poignant . unfortunately , this show miss a whole lot more than hit for i .
750	Movies_TV	NEG	2	i order both the walt disney peter pan video and the mary martin peter pan video for my son at the same time and the difference between the two be shocking . walt disney have exaggerate to the point of stereotype many aspect of the story . for example , tinkerbell , who represent a spirit in the story of peter pan , in the walt disney version be such a flirt and jealous , as well as overly concern with how big she hip be that the whole meaning of she be lose . the indian in the walt disney version be stereotyped as well and i be shock that as my son now say indians do not have face . the walt disney version contain much unnecessary violence . all and all the mary martin peter pan be so much more heart-warming and magical and fun .
592	Movies_TV	NEG	1	i would like to warn all you potential buyer against purchase this product from amazing discounts\/de -lrb- fantasy video store -rrb- ! i recently purchase doctor who season 4 from they , and what they send i be not a legitimate us copy . there be misspelling , different size type , and comma where apostrophe should be . i promptly leave negative feedback for the seller and return the item through amazon . two day after i leave the feedback , they email i ask i to change it . i ignore the email , and the seller proceed to call my house on a daily basis try to get i to remove the feedback i leave . if you be not satisfy with you purchase , they will harass you until you remove you -lrb- honest -rrb- feedback ! do not buy from amazing discounts\/de -lrb- fantasy video store -rrb- !
738	Movies_TV	NEG	1	i buy this product after read the review . after watch some amateur do bollywood dancing , i really want to try it out , as it look like a attractive and fun style of dance . i make two attempt at complete this dvd and find that this dance workout do not consist of fun bollywood dance move , but be mostly make up of boring stretch movement . i want to give this product zero star as i do not plan on use it again , which really highlight the fact that i get nothing out of this dvd . however , amazon seem to let i give a minimum of one !
872	Movies_TV	NEG	2	yes . i have see this film before it come out in store ! ha ! my grandmother get a pirate copy of this dvd at a store that sell pirate of dvd that be originally reseal to the public later in commercial store . -lrb- ex . toys ' r us -rrb- it be okay ... good : the moral of true love - even the few know ... bad : predicable and simple . ugly : animation from disney toon studios australia use a few year ago be what be call new ! and the worst of all ... where the heck be the female mouse !? dvd include horrible bibbidi-bobbidi-chosse set-top game , music video and a sneak peek at `` twice charm '' . well , it can be a waste of money or not . buy this for you 5-year-old girl .
193	Movies_TV	NEG	2	movie get here in great time . good shape and play great ! great deal !
853	Movies_TV	NEG	1	i be a huge fan of the original book peter pan , and there be definite aspect of racism toward native american indians in the book , but they be not nearly as overt or offensive as they be in the disney edition . i have totally forget -lrb- since i see it when i be young -rrb- about the terribly racist treatment of the native americans in this film . if you be commit to the fight for racial justice , do not buy this film .
858	Movies_TV	NEG	2	i watch the second series , and it be decent , but so much of it be just flashy special effect and endless running . go be the thoughful writing of the past doctor who series . i guess if this be what people want , then fine , it will sell . but to i it be all rather hollow and anti-climatic . `` oh , another freaky monster ... any minute now , they 'll start run again '' , etc. . . i do not know ... it just seem like with the earlier doctor , the writing be so much more substantial . the acting be also a ton better . plus what be the deal with the daleks oversaturate the eccleston\/tennant series ? ah well , my two cent .
198	Movies_TV	NEG	1	i recently buy disney 's peter pan dvd for my 3 year old son . i be a very protective parent and do not allow my kid to watch just any kind of programming . be disney the reputed company that it be and give that be have a `` g '' rating , i blindly let my son watch this movie with its spanish audio track , since my kid speak spanish only . to my surprise , it be full of racial slur against native americans and violent language content . it seem that disney have edit the english audio track to make it `` politically correct '' and eliminate offensive content , while not do so in the spanish track . for example , in the scene where the kid and peter pan be talk about have happy thought , little boy john say -lrb- in the english track -rrb- : `` i think i 'll be a indian brave '' , while in the spanish track it say : `` yo muchos indios voy a matar '' -lrb- `` i be go to kill lot of indians '' -rrb- . this be just a example of a array of violent language content include in this dvd . i lose count of how many time the word `` kill '' come up in this movie . no surprise that now my 3 year old be go around say `` i be go to kill you '' to anyone . this be a outrage and i wonder why english speak kid deserve to be protect from this kind of language , and spanish speaking kid do not . this be a terrible , terrible mistake . disney be a company for kid everywhere in the world , no matter what language they speak . i be now weary of buy additional disney movie for my son . as a mother i be deeply surprised , disappointed , and sadden by this fact .
571	Movies_TV	NEG	1	i be sorry , i be a doctor who fan of old , and this new stuff just be not it . the old doctor who of the 1960 and '70 may have have cheesy set and lousy acting , but the story be good ! most of these new story be weak ; `` love and monsters '' be one of the worst show i have ever see , in any series , much less doctor who . i would have utterly embarassed , if i be bbc , to put that show on the air . this teary , sappy , emotional stuff just do not work , it be not doctor who . and why so many episode on earth ? that be not doctor who , either . this guy travel , he tardis take he where he do not know where , not to london in different time period . david tennant be ok as a dcotor who ; billie piper can not do anything well but cry . this soap opera stuff have get to go . if you be a old doctor who fan and have not try these new series yet , you 'll be disappoint if you do . this stuff reek , just bad story , that be all there be to it .
158	Movies_TV	NEG	2	enemy of the state be boring , and have a uninresting story and dialoge . some good acting by regina king . but the plot be over to long and there be no fun just watch the film , and plus the thrill be worthless , it be like go to a store and on to home . thats what this movie show . and i have to admit it there be some good thing i like , like when will smith run off try to get to he home to tell he wife that someone be after he , that be a good scene . but overall the movie be not worth see , but that be my opinion . c - \*\*
299	Movies_TV	NEG	1	a very long and boring movie to say the least . it be way too confusing and have enough story for 3 movie . it get too frantic sometimes and the end be all mess and keep i way too confused . not enough explain . good act though -lrb- which be what save it -rrb- but there be way to much empty space in between .
955	Movies_TV	NEG	1	my wife and i be shock to rewatch this recently . we could not believe how generation now have feed this racist , sexist garbage to they child . kill the savage indians , save the helpless , petty girl be just a couple of the fine lesson herein . show this to you kid and do not be surprise how they grow to be close mind racist unable to treat woman with respect .
371	Movies_TV	NEG	1	buy this dvd think it might show a few more dancemove for bollywood . i be so disappointed with it ! 3 woman in a bollywood inspire set who frollock about for 50min demonstrate move that a 5 year old would do better . very badly demonstrate and not at all ` sassy ' ... this be constantly use to describe what you should be do while dancing . not at all inspiring and ideal for 14-16yr old who fancy themselves . really bad dvd and it be not a workout . save yourself the bother of get it only to return it and just get any of the other dvd !! such a pity as some of the review be positive and influence my decision to purchase - will be more cautious in future .
475	Movies_TV	NEG	2	if you eye be not open already , the portrayal in this disney movie be highly stereotypical and misguided . in this film some indians be show as act like stupid , cartoonish , warlike primitive . there be a song in the film that be offensive call `` what make the red man red ? '' . here be it be lyric : `` once the injun do not know \/ all the thing that he know now \/ but the injun he sure learn a lot \/ and it be all from ask `` how '' what make the red man red \/ let 's go back a million year \/ to the very first indian prince he kiss a maid and start to blush \/ and we have all be blushin ' since . '' the author of peter pan , mr barrie , have also be criticize for he treatment of female character . most of the female character : wendy , tinker bell , tiger lily , and the mermaid try to gain immature peter pan 's affection ; and tinker bell make several attempt on wendy 's life out of jealousy , yet peter show no empathy and ignore all of they affection with indifference . would you like child to watch and learn from this on how to understand indians ? would boy watch this be help to learn how to grow up to be mature man , and have happy relation with mature woman ? would girl learn from watch this that its okay to try and have a boyfriend like a emotionally unavailable peter pan ?
624	Movies_TV	NEG	1	we buy it and watch it with we daughter last weekend and i find it to be awful ... i grow up with the mary martin lp and be in a performance of it when i be in about 3rd grade , so admittedly i know it better in the musical version and would not tolerate any deviation well , but ye god . cartoonish , offensive caricature of indians , pirate , busy dad , woman and girl , a portrayal of tinkerbell as homicidally jealous of wendy , and not even the redeeming `` clap if you believe in fairy '' line - that be completely leave out . i do not remember this version from my childhood and end up sorry that it be my daughter 's introduction to the story .
115	Movies_TV	NEG	1	i purchase this as a birthday gift for my grand daughter and send it in the mail to she to she disappointment it do not work in any of the dvd player they have i be sorry that i buy this dvd and will not buy again
253	Movies_TV	NEG	2	i would have give this a single star -lrb- or none if possible -rrb- except for a few redeeming quality . before i rant , i 'll admit that it be not - all - bad . first , i like peter 's voice , it capture he spirit very well . second , i like john and michael , very cute . third , i like nana . that be all i like . okay , first of all , this movie be nothing like the story ! the only similarity be the fact that there be a peter , a wendy , mermaid , hook , etc , but none of they seem to have the same personality as in the book ! wendy be horribly annoying in the movie , and only slightly so in the book . tinkerbell be portray pretty well in this version -lrb- spiteful and jealous of wendy -rrb- but they skip the fact that she mend they difference . in the movie , peter be a fairly normal type of boy . in the book , he be wonderful , cocky , strong , and smart . the lose boy be just very different in the book . in the movie , they be cartoony , stupid , and slow , unlike the book . i agree that the portrayal of the redman be sort of incorrect in the movie , but it be not so different in the book . there be respect in both , although i think the visual be slightly insulting . hook be also very ugly in the movie , and describe as very cold and attractive in the book . overall , it just insult i how unlike the book it be . if you love the book , do not inch near this movie . if you have not read it , then proceed to this movie ... at you own risk !!!
959	Movies_TV	NEG	1	\*\*\* spoilder \*\*\* below warning . it start off with cinderellum 's foot which do not look the same as in the original movie , kind of disgust in my opinion . when she talk about herself , blah blah , it be just not cinderellish , she be full of herself !!!!!!!!!! prince do not look the same , he neck be too fat and it seem he skin tone change it almost every scene . they speech be too `` modern '' and annoying , do not give it a authentic feel at all . the step sister be way too goofy , unrealistic , i mean they can hardly walk two step without flop over , too silly . anastasia be way too stupid and she be apologize for every little thing she do , it just do not make any sense , in the first movie they be all equally rude , even as child they be selfish little brat and now she just look like a big goof ! the step mother be always mean but here the part when she get the wand be go overboard , it be like she be a villian or witch ... too much drama in that part `` call on all the force of the universe ??! '' duh . anastasia 's foot be huge , and then she kiss it and jump around the room , this be go overboard , a girl in that era would not act this way at alllllll !! cinderella 's comment after she step mother leave be just weird , and then that uncatchy song and run out into the field . very uncreative and dramatic , these tune be all so similar in all the disney movie today and so annoying !! at the palace : how on earth do she get to the palace before the rest arrive ??? the prince work out with he father in the `` pink '' gym and you would think he be a circus boy after perfome those high rise stunt , never would have expect that from he . the part when prince charming have to apologize to they sound so cheap , he enter the room and it be like he do not notice the girl isn `` t cinderellum . . and how anastasium introduce herself as a jerkess then it turn into a bit of a circus after he propose . the whole `` spell thing '' be just like in the little mermaide . if you look closely she put the ring on the left hand then admire it and it be on she right hand . cinderella finally find the prince : it be like she be make a fool of herself , she little giggle and she sound exactly like the princess may from mulan , terrible . the head maid drag cinderellum away look so degrading , the whole `` meeting '' be cheesy . now when the step mother and sister be show into the room with the large cake this scene be a absoloutely rediculous !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what a mess when the king meet the bride-to-be who be in a aweful disgusting state . unbelievable ! now anastasia and the prince practice dancing , why on earth do she have to wear she `` one '' glass slipper ??? the step mother seem to have so much influence in the palance once she `` move in '' when the king give the queen shell to anastasia he sound like a old indian chief or something , the voice just do not seem to fit the part . `` i dooooooooo '' practice by anastasium be too much , and i wonder why she have such a nice singing voice , do not seem to go together , plus suddenly she can dance so gracefully . . remember the first movie when the two sister practice singing '' sing sweet nightangale '' they sound aweful so what bring such a change ? so unrealistic . cinderella struggle to say the magic word once she have the wand in she hand , stupid !!! prince 's reaction after hear the true story from the mouse be a little calm , you would think he would have a bit of a more worried reaction and not take it so lightly . . he be a cross between eric from little mermaid and zoro rid off on the horse . now cinderellum be tell to get on the shop , she shoe and foot while step up onto the ship look really fat and ugly . . totally aweful animation . on the ship she look like jane wendy 's daughter from peterpan . she bang be all fray and she look like 13 year old . now the prince ride off behind the ship and once he jump onto the ship he be look a lot like a zoro , even he skin tone be darker if you compare it to when they show the dream of he and cinderellum dancing at the ball . also what with the hand palm thingy , look like something from tarzan !! notice cinderellum 's fray bang and hair , once she hug and swing around with the prince she hair start to turn back into perfect form . now thing calm down a bit and you think its go to end ... hold on to you seat , it be not over yet ! cinderella be rest near the king once prince bring she back to the palance , notice in the first scene she have she hair nice and out , then when the servent come to tell the king that they be not able to find the step mother and sister cinderella now have she hair tie back with a blue ribbon , then in the following scene she hair be back to be out without a ribbon , stupid , pay attention to detail disney , hello . what be with bride prepare themselves ? this scene remind i of mulan get ready for she wedding with mushu on top of the closet , really strange . the pumpkin just have to be include in the movie somehow , honestly i find this scene where cinderellum get stuck inside quite scary and gross . ok she make she escape and if you pause the scene right when she be on the horse look at the castle in the distance notice she foot , it be huge ! even she hand look huge . disney , details ! cinderella savagly rid all the way to the palace while the wedding be ongoing , the priest look like something from star war , freaky . - ok , cinderellum appear , break up the ceremony , step mother be shout at anastasium and once she start use the magic it be like prince just step in there use he sword to divert the magic away from cinderellum , it look so lame and he facial expression be not heroic or anything . note cinderellum 's hairdo , it be tie up high in a bun , however when she be prepare for the wedding it be low behind she neck , kind of strange . i do not like the fairy 's voice in the end , it sound so squeaky . now after the credit and the little `` photo '' which show some really goofy one once you reach the last one with the heart frame rose and cinderellum and the prince in the middle notice they hand , i think they go just a bit too far with this !!!
929	Movies_TV	NEG	2	i truly can not . first of all , will smith be not a good actor . in the movie he be suppose to play a lloyer but he never once in the entire movie show the face of a lloyer . a thing that really piss i off be every time that guy be go in to see jon voight at he office , they always have to show that guy 's thumb gee press into that i.d. checker . if they be try to show the security of the office , sure , okay , show the thumb once or twice but not four or five freak time . the only reason that they make the camera look at the thumb so many time be so they can make time cause the movie have nothing . i would also like to say at this time that the person who play will 's wife -lrb- bacon lip be what i 'll call she -rrb- look so ridiculous in that lingerie . i like the end though , i think it be a very smart end but that be it . i would also like to say with ease that there be no such thing as a building that can moniter everyone in the planet , i mean , do you know how much money it will cost for the government to know that you be be at this moment reading this review .
