index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
681	Projector	POS	5	i like product that be as simple as possible and require very little set up time . i be able to get this up and run with my computer within 3 minute without even look at the user guide . when i start stream a movie from netflix , the picture be a crisp 70 '' movie-theater quality picture -lrb- really crisp when i turn off the light -rrb- . i be really glad i buy this instead of a lcd screen . the basics : - come with a vga connector for you computer - you do not need to buy it separately - it be incredibly light at 5 lb - very portable - the cord to connect it to the power supply be pretty short -lrb- estimate at 3-5 foot -rrb- , so you might need a extension cord depend on where you put it in you room - no speaker - you 'll need separate speaker . i just buy sony gaming speaker to connect via usb to my computer for a full home theater experience
308	Projector	POS	5	my previous experience with business projector be with heavy and clunky model that i haul from customer site to site , show presentation of one type or another . i be expect more of the same when i order this , although i hope it might be a little bit lighter . wow ! what a great surprise ! not only be this projector light -lrb- it weigh about 5 lb , about the same as some laptop -rrb- , the finish of it be wonderful - all of the corner be round off , mean a whole lot fewer snag nylons . it be a cinch to hook up to my macbook , just plug and play through the usb port , and off we go . the software cd that come with the projector install with no problem at all . i find the display to be adequately bright , and the whites look white , not yellow as with my older projector . it also handle animated presentation with no delay , which be a big deal to i . all in all , i be delighted by this little guy . it be easy to travel with , and do everything i need it to do . it have a remote control , so i can set up the projector and give the presentation from anywhere in the room . -lrb- yes , my previous projector be that old ! -rrb- a carry case be available , but i find that a old laptop case work very well for i , although i would get the `` right '' case if i be go to travel as much as i once do .
0	Projector	POS	4	good enough and cheap , great for use at home ! i completely quote the second review ! enjoy this nice projector ! ; -rrb-
517	Projector	POS	5	i receive this projector for christmas and i be utterly blow away . the disclaimer be that i have long be a fan of projector and we have the excellent panasonic pt-ae700u , a spectacular home projector which be incredibly well-received when it debut a few year back . that say , i do not expect anything too remarkable from something 1\/4 the price of my home projector and 1\/20th the size ... but , boy be i wrong ! a few thing about this unit : first , it be about the size of a iphone and that include the battery . this be absolutely incredible and show it to people , they say : `` where be the rest of it ?! '' second , unlike my home theater projector , this use laser technology so it be always in perfect focus . let i repeat that : it be always in perfect focus . this be mind-numbingly cool and be a game-changer in and of itself ! focus be one of those thing that you fiddle with almost every time you start the projector , but here it be always perfect . amazing ! next , because of the laser , there be no bulb to burn out -- a expensive and annoying feature of traditional projector . so , in theory , this be a astounding piece of technology , but what about the image quality ? well , i be delighted to report that it be superb ! crisp , clear , with eye-popping color and very good resolution . it also fortunately look great with video , with a rapid response that really look perfect . what be the negative ? well there be two : the first be that it be bright but could be brighter . in a dark room , it look amazing , even project to over 100 inch on the ceiling ! but if there be some ambient light , it get fade fast at larger size . that say , keep a small and concentrated image -- say 30 or 40 inch , it look pretty great and would be a much better way to show photo , video or slide than on you phone or even ipad . the second be that the resolution be really good , but not quite as sharp as a home projector . give the source material -lrb- phone and even ipad -rrb- , however , this work out well . i be think that this be the direction thing will go . with low price like these already , and with increase brightness each iteration , i be wonder when these will replace lcd and plasma tv -- i think it really be just a matter of time . for now , this be a incredible unit for anyone who need to present to small group on the go : sale folk , executive , and even teacher for smaller group . for just a few hundred dollar , you be a totally self-contained av service . this be go to make a very big splash , i think .
769	Projector	POS	5	finally , a projector that deliver on all front - i travel a lot in my role as a erp solution consultant and this projector be a must have . image quality be exceptional - that include the extra feature justify the higher price tag -lrb- have say that , i do not think this projector be overprice at all -rrb- . even in a room with standard office light the picture be very clear and text be also clear and sharp -lrb- this be often where cheaper model fall down -rrb- - brightness and contrast exceptional . i be not experience the noise issue that other reviewer be report - the fan be not obtrusive and be quieter than a lot of other projector that i have use . the light weight and size be perfect for true portability . the construction be by no means flimsy - very solid and robust . my aaa + + + purchase of the year .
219	Projector	POS	5	well first let i say that i be like most of you read this review try to see if i really want to get this projector . i be just a normal 24 year old guy look to get a good deal and i really base my purchase off most of the review and spec . so i 'll list a few of my personal con and pro . bad news first . con : - it be 3d capable but in order to get 3d work on it you have to buy a additional piece - a zoom feature would come in handy in a lot of situation . - sound on the projector be like either break on mine or really really bad . - lens cap do not fit -lrb- and i have a 1 year old who love touch it , this be easily fix by get a cloth to wipe it off -rrb- . pro : - the picture be simply awesome . - i manage to hook up my ps3 to it and it be great . - i have cable hook up to it -lrb- through s-video cable -rrb- . -lrb- side note : you need a cable box to hook cable up to the projector and you 'll need to buy either a s-video cable or the red\/white\/yellow cable to hook up to it , i be sure other would work but i \* know \* personally those do . -rrb- - the short throw feature i find nice as my projector be about 8-9 ft away from the wall and my picture be over 100 inch . - during the day time with the windows\/curtains open you can still see the picture well . i be really enjoy this projector . whether it be ps3 , cable , netflix , or the pc it surpass all my expectation . i would recommend this to anyone who be think about get one . i mean honestly if you spend 600 $ on a tv you would get 42-48in . where as this you get 100 plus hd -lrb- 3d if you want to shell out the extra 300 and then you be still get a cheaper deal than a 3d tv -rrb- . play blue ray flawlessly . i love this . if anyone have any question by all means ask . oh one quick stupid thing i do . i accidentally spray compress air -lrb- try to clear dust out of it -rrb- into the front vent while it be on . it cause a loud pop noise and a mini explosion -lrb- fire include -rrb- and it cut off . i think that be it for the little fellum but gladly it come back on when i let it sit off for a little while so 2 thumb up on that !
282	Projector	POS	5	this be the first projestor we have own but we be very impressed and can not imagine how the picture coutl get better .
197	Projector	POS	4	pro : they really pack a lot into a little package . come with a battery that really last , i have use it for over two hour and still have charge leave over . build in speaker be good enough if you be sit close to the projector . it have four different video input , headphone output , microsd slot , media player , it be quite a capable little toy . enough light to be fine in a dark room . emit no mechanical sound -lrb- unless you put you ear to it -rrb- . respectable contrast ratio -lrb- 1000:1 -rrb- accord to ti 's website . it be a marked improvement from the 350:1 projector i have be use for my home theater for year . con : at the farthest distance , the optics be not good enough to keep the whole picture in perfect focus , you can choose either the left side or right side to be in focus , although if you be sit far enough back you do not really notice , it be only when you walk up to the screen and see the individual pixel that you notice one side be blurry . wish there be color correction build into the software , mine emit too much red . that be not a problem if you video source have color correction , but if it do not -lrb- my apple tv -rrb- you be just gonna have to deal . convert media to play off the sd card be annoy before i get the setting right , there be nothing in the manual . it like mpeg-4 , with a mp4 file suffix -lrb- not m4v -rrb- a h264 video encoding , aac audio and a resolution 854 x 480 or lower . conclusion : if you want something to enjoy standard def movie or a presentation in a dark room this be for you . if you want something that can be see in daylight or hd , or bigger than 60 '' screen keep look .
535	Projector	POS	4	very good price image be perfect at size 100 '' but its need dark room for display and some time you need to adjust the focus ever now and then during one move time
655	Projector	POS	5	excellent , fantastic good product , very cheap price compare to other be the best very easy to change the bulb when the bulb problem with
318	Projector	POS	4	i love the screen . easy to set up . arrive early . packaging be great . -lrb- seem almost overdo -rrb- all the mechanism work . the screen be flawless and easy to clean . why the four star , you might ask ? when i open the box , i be surprise at how well it be package . no way , this be go to be damage while be ship . however , there be two spot on the metal that be bent . i do not know how it would have happen , because there be no scrape on it . just two bend . this in no way affect the screen or the use of the screen assembly . it do what it be suppose to and look great ! deserve five star for the quality , but think everyone need to know about the bend .
531	Projector	POS	5	epson have go the full 9 with this projector . it be compact , come with most of the cable a majority of user will need , and even a nifty carry case to fit everything into . i think the part that impress i the most be the exclusive tech support phone number right on the bottom of the projector itself . clearly , epson be aim for the business class and intend to stand behind they product . easy setup i recently get a epson printer and have nothing but trouble with the software setup right from the get-go -- a tell-tale sign of a piece of junk in my book . well , it look like they get they act together this time around , by contrast , the setup for this projector be as uneventful as it should be -- no issue whatsoever install the software on win 7 pro 64bit ; just a clean seamless install and use . silly as it sound , that be often not the case . truth be tell , there be little to no setup if you be do slideshow presentation off a usb flash drive ; everything can be do on the project screen right out of the box . the same hold true of you laptop have a hdmus port -- just plug in the cable from laptop to projector and operate you computer as normal . but here be the real kicker ... android tablet projection via toshiba thrive  toshiba thrive  now that be forward think technology in my book . tired of all work and no play ? how about play angry birds project on a huge screen ? or maybe you be a app developer want to show you latest creation to a room of client . the possibility be endless , that be , if you have a thrive with full-sized hdmus port . speak of input this projector have every port i would ever want -- usb , hdmus , s-vid , rca -- even the arcane vgi port if anyone still have the need -lrb- eek ! i guess the only thing miss as a sd slot , which might have be good for certain slideshow presentation . but with all the other connectivity option , the oversight be no big deal . after all , at the end of the day , it be all just multiple option of do the same thing . image quality & brightness the quality of the project image be superb -- naturally some environmental factor come into play , such as , the surface be project on , and lighting environment . but i be able to get clean , crisp image , even in a room with the light on ! i be quite happy with how everything look . and yes , even text be crisp and perfectly legible . and it do not take much tweaking with the focus and projection angle to find the best setting . perfect ! quiet the unit itself be fairly quiet . it do have internal fan to dissipate heat , but the sound be not distracting or loud by any means . over time , as the fan blade collect dust , that may change . but most time i can quiet down a noisy fan by just blast it with a shot of compress air . it get hot the projector do get hot quite fast and blow warm air from its vent almost immediately . it be not scalding hot or anything . and the manual do say you do not have to wait for it to cool off before pack it away . but it be just worth mention that it heat up fast . boot up this projector boot up and be ready to go in less than 30 seconds . so if you be run late and everyone be wait for you to get go , this epson will not hold you back at all . remote pretty much everything this projector do can be control with the wireless remote , include switching input source , e-zoom , volume , etc ; offer all the flexibility and control i would want or need . and i do not even have to point the remote directly at the projector to make it work ; in fact , i intentionally point the remote away form the projector at extreme angle and the ir signal reach the projector with no trouble at all . sound the build in speaker be surprisingly loud . it be not hifi stereo or anything , but people should not have any trouble hearing audio during a presentation . light & compact this projector be not overly bulky or heavy , which be great , because i be disabled and do not need to lug bulky , heavy peripheral around . i have some application for this in mind which will all occur on the road , so this lightweight projector be a plus for i . it be about the size of one of those big 4 '' 3-ring binder , only nowhere near as heavy as those get if load to the max with paper . another nice touch be the carry bag be mark on the inside , remind i to put the projector inside with the lens face up -lrb- if it be face down and the bag be accidentally drop or set down too hard , the lens could shatter . -rrb- bottom line -- this be a pretty straight forward projector -- everything work as i expect and be easy to operate . i really do not need to refer to the instruction for much of anything . this be a great projector , and compare to how expensive these use to be , the price be good for the quality . i do not recall the brand i use to use in the past , but i remember it be 3x the cost of this epson , and do not have all the feature . but then , rapidly change tech be just a sign of the time . if you do not need hdmi , epson even offer a cheaper model than this one ; just figure out what input you need most , cuz there be no need to break the bank buying feature you 'll never use . though imo , the hdmi be the most indispensable and the port i 'll use most . i may even project video off my hd video camera ! kudos !
35	Projector	POS	5	i do not think i can say enough about this product . for a installation , it be perfect . the unit do have a thin skin -lrb- be strike by wii remote and no issue so far -rrb- . and be bulky for travel ; if you intend to use it in a installation it be great . i mount my from the ceiling and the throw be perfectly suit for this . my price be 644 and this be a steal deal for that . it be bright , able to use it in a room that get muted sunlight -lrb- closed white curtain -rrb- and unshielded -lrb- naked -rrb- light -lrb- 3 of they about 75 watt each -rrb- . only in dark scene do i see shadow on the screen from wall and such behind the projector . this be my everyday tv screen . i have it connect to dish hd -lrb- 1080i -rrb- and with it project to a width of 9 foot you will be awed . watch football will never be the same . i have use the speaker and while it be weak against my 1000 watt thx amplifier , it be perfectly suitable to hear in a reasonably quiet room . pro : bright , short throw , simple setup , 1080p , good value . con : no horizontal keystone , large , appear fragile , no dvi input .
631	Projector	POS	5	this projector ia fantastic !! i make a giant screen use pvc pipe and a sheet and use projector to have a `` float in '' out by the pool . projector be bright , beautiful picture quality , convenient to use since the dvd player be part of the projector and easy to set up . the only down side be sound quality . the 10 watt speaker in the projector be just not loud enough to be hear around the yard . i attach speaker to system to get around this . but truly the picture quality and ease of setup make up for this tiny problem . this projector be well worth the money !!! i can not wait until superbowl roll around . i 'll have the biggest screen in town ! buy and enjoy summer night with friend and family .
162	Projector	POS	5	this be my first screen projector i purchase and i love because it give you a theater look and feeling . but , the only flaw to the projector that be throw to the screen be that it be hard to adjust to the size and you have to keep position the projector . the screen be not the problem it the projector throw so buyer beware to make sure you know the size of screen because if the projector do not throw right on the screen it will appear off the screen slightly or to much off the screen . once again it be not the screen that be the problem it be the projector that have to throw the image . other then that the screen be wonderful and i love it . for better imaging it be best to mount the projector in the ceiling for better throw . other then that i can not wait to use it outdoors !!
457	Projector	POS	5	i be enjoy the picture quality of the projector . i currently have it at about 110 inch wide . which be great !! the price be also a factor and it be a great deal ... i just buy another one for my brother and he can not wait to get it in the mail ... i have recommend it to other family and friend . a must buy !! = -rrb-
297	Projector	POS	5	absolutely thrill with this purchase . pictures look great and dvd look super . exceptionally bright for it be size . razor sharp picture . other have comment about excessive fan noise but it be not so bad as to be a huge drawback . on board speaker however be very weak . but i be still thrill with the picture . love the size and weight of the projector . feel very sturdy . and a special piece of advice to those that purchase this ... when power the unit down let the unit run it be course in the shut down process ! it be very important that the unit cool itself off before it automatically turn the fan off . so do not power it off and then go and pull the plug out from the wall . let it run until the fan cut off -lrb- 90 seconds to 2 minute i think -rrb- .
43	Projector	POS	5	i be very happy with moviemate so far . i be pleasantly surprise by feature not mention in other review . - plays mp3 cds , 12 hour or more of music on a mp3 cd create on you computer or purchase . the onscreen display be nice and complete , as well as the built-in console display of track information include title . the onscreen display be easily turn off -lrb- even with the remote ! -rrb- to preserve lamp life turn the unit into a great sound tabletop music player with sub-woofer and remote that will play all day long . - sleep timer . the sleep timer be very useful in `` tabletop music player '' mode above . the unit can be set to automatically turn off at up to 150 minute or whenever the program end in `` auto-standby '' mode .
994	Projector	POS	5	for a pocket projector this thing be astounding . i use it every day here in afghanistan and i still can not believe the picture quality from such a small device . i be able to hook it up to my laptop with out issue with the vga adapter and the hdmi cable which sadly do not come with the product . the portability of this device be incredible i plan on have it in my bag with my net book where ever my travels take i . the only real issue i have with this be the lack of a on button on the projector , but i no problem take the 2 seconds out of my life to press the on button before i use it .
386	Projector	POS	5	this be my second projector , and this one have much better feature . it have everything you need to watch a movie anywhere , all you need be some power . it have a lot of option to adjust the screen to adapt to any viewing location . it come with a travel case so that it stay well protect in transit .
421	Projector	POS	4	my previous projector be a sp4805 i have for many year . i decide to upgrade to the 8100 . i have have my unit for year and a half now . the projector itself be awesome . not a single problemwith the unit itself . amazing picture with good brightness and lot of bell & whistle . its easy to set up , easy to operate . the remote be very useful and easy to navigate . some people complain about the fan noise . yes you can hear it but not so loud to be a negative check to i . i guess it depend on where you have it place and how loud you listen to you sound system . the main problem be that it be blow bulb at 400 to 600 hour . they be suppose to last 4000 hour . epson be aware of the problem and replace mine with no hassle and i get it promptly . i be on my 3rd bulb . i just call epson and they take some info and ship it free and provide the label and packaging for its return . i realize this be not the greatest way to do thing . i agree epson should recall these unit and get the problem fix . it be very inconvenient go thru the motion each time to get the bulb replace . although i buy the unit from best buy , i go thru epson for the bulb . i love the unit and i guess as long as they keep replace bulb for free i 'll just keep on go at this point . but besides the buld problem its a great projector .
888	Projector	POS	5	i buy this screen to host a super bowl party because it will be project in the living room with plenty of ambient light . watch sport and movie on my exist taupe color wall be fine at night but wash out in the day . i get this screen because of the 1.3 gain rating . after some research , i discount the smell comment -lrb- only 1 -rrb- , discount the poor delivery rating -lrb- again only 1 -rrb- , discount the edge problem -lrb- minor and unavoidable for size of rollable screen -rrb- and pull the trigger . the screen be deliver with a `` silver '' service from the seller , nice touch . they bring it into the house and offer to unwrap it but after inspect that the packaging be undamaged , i elect to unwrap it myself . the screen be well insulate with 2 layer of foam and the box edge be reinforce . mount the screen be a challenge by it be sheer size , 12 foot wide and the precision require to get the screw into the exact location but that be not a design problem . it be not any different from mount blind or window covering , really . performance wise , i be completely satisfy . one corner have the slightest tension deformity that i expect to lessen with time as i leave the screen suspend for a period of time . the curl edge be present on both side but marginally so and really only be on the black border part and not on the white viewable surface . the motor be really quiet and it take less than a minute to deploy the screen 79 inch . nighttime viewing be fine , the 1.3 gain be not as good as the 1.6 gain i have on a previous screen but will definitely allow i to have a great super bowl party . there be a slight chemical \/ paint odor if you stand within 4 inch of the screen and purposefully sniff it , but it really be a non issue unless you be extremely sensitive and have poor ventilation .
361	Projector	POS	5	i be expect to pay somewhere between $ 175 and $ 250 for a new lamp for a projection tv i get for free . however , i find this vendor offering exactly the same product at a really great price . the lamp install and fire right up with absolutely no problem . i would recommend the vendor and the lamp to any who find themselves in need of a replacement lamp for they projection tv .
800	Projector	POS	5	when unpacked , the projector be good and play with a huge screen . downside to this projector be that there be no manual zoom meaning you have to move it closer or further from a wall to adjust screen size . this be a huge downside . i also hook up a ps3 that be work in 3d on a samsung plasma 3d tv but it will not work on this projector . in fact no 3d source that have try will work on this projector . i have call optoma and they need to call i back because they do not know what be wrong . i be use hdmus 1.4 and optoma dlp link glass . all in all i would steer clear of this projector . i be go to revert back to my original year 2000 hp projector over this . first one be defective secondwork perfect and have be use 5 ft from wall at 100 inch and its perfectionist
782	Projector	POS	5	i mostly use the projector for video game , but it be decent for movie as well . it be no epson , and it lack in the ` option ' department , but for a little over $ 200 , i can not complain . i currently have it project a 90 '' screen , and it look good at that size .
834	Projector	POS	5	i be very pleased with the performance and quality of this projector so far , and for the price i pay -lrb- $ 799 -rrb- , this be the best projector for the money . pro : very good price , good quality -lrb- up to 1080p -rrb- , 2 hdmi con : none so far .
748	Projector	POS	5	it seem like someone could come up with a cheaper option for such a simple need , but this one be very good . get the job do for not a lot of money . the setup make it so that you 'll be able to use it no matter what type of mount you projector have , and it come with a incredible array of metal screw , so you be sure to have the right one . the only thing you 'll need be the double threaded stud for the ceiling and the nut and washer to go with they . this be a good value .
116	Projector	POS	5	i probably would not own a projector if i have not find this one so reasonably price . we use it to show movie outside on a 13 ' x 25 ' custom make screen and inside on the wall 8 x 12 . although we have find this projector do best with the animated movie because of the vivid color .
94	Projector	POS	5	works well as advertise , with good color and easy to use . i like not have to bother with focus the image . i wish the picture be bigger , but it be big enough for small presentation in a dark room . much more convenient than carry a big projector around , but be not as big as the picture you would get with a regular powerpoint projector
505	Projector	POS	5	i purchase the optoma hd66 a few week ago and i be very impressed with its performance . the projector size be compact with a quiet fan and picture quality be extremely good . set up be a breeze and the 720p image via hdmi be superb . i couple it with the optoma 3d-xl adapter for 3d projection and be extremely pleased with the 3d output -lrb- although one do tend to lose some picture brightness -rrb- . i would describe the overall value at this price range as excellent . the ability to also project 3d -lrb- with the 3d-xl adapter -rrb- with great result make this a fantastic solution for 3d projection on a budget . fantastic projector !
946	Projector	POS	4	it be good ... bring it a year ago for the family and it be still run good ... find out how to get it brighter , i like to hook it up to my laptop and use the projector as a second monitor on the laptop and the laptop provide even further brightness and saturation and contrast option -lrb- for the second monitor setting -rrb- , allow i to brighten the scene up and fix the contrast immensely . so for its price , it be worth it . however it can be a little frustrating , if i have it too bright for dark movie , the lighter scene will have a wash out look with too much brightness , and if i have it too dark for the brighter movie , the darker scene will be harder to make out on screen . but there with a little tweaking here and there , you can find a balance between the two if you be willing to accept it be shortcoming ... all in all , though , not bad at all . the only one who seem frustrated the most be myself , and my kid and wife do not even notice , they just enjoy it . so if you do not tell anyone they might miss a detail or two , nobody will notice . for myself though , i would say it be good enough most time . color be really bright , they pop out like liquid candy , there be no problem with the picture quality other than the brightness factor . i like how i can get the screen to take up half the wall in my living room on a dark night , definitely like a night out at the movie , especially with we external speaker hook up as well ... only downside from hook it up to my laptop be the lag on its dvd drive ... think about get a external dvd drive for it ...
882	Projector	POS	4	this be a great product for a great price . remote works well and can control almost all if not all of the function available . picture quality be good . if you get close enough you 'll see the pixel but for less than $ 400 it can not be beat ! picture brightness be excellent !
380	Projector	POS	5	after review several video clip on this affordable lead projector i decide to buy one . i have watch at least 10 movie -lrb- with my girlfriend -rrb- so far and i have to say that we be impressed with it . i be use standard white matte finish plotter paper as a screen and the image quality be surprisingly good -lrb- i be guess that a regular screen would be even better -rrb- . i be play dvd 's on a standard player with the rca hookup to the projector . i do have it hook into my pc and the picture quality be noticeably better . pro so far : - decent image quality on a 70 inch home build screen -lrb- plotter paper -rrb- . - long project bulb life . - inexpensive for the movie quality !!!! - more quality time spend with my girlfriend ! - portable . can be use with a laptop -lrb- with good speaker -rrb- and portable screen to watch `` drive-in '' movie anywhere -lrb- need vehicle \/ power inverter \/ battery -rrb- . - have a wide variety of connection to choose from -lrb- hdmus , s-video , rca and vga -rrb- . con so far : - all of the control be on the remote . - the fan could be a little quieter . -lrb- not a problem when hook into a good surround \/ computer speaker system -rrb- - on board speaker be not very loud . -lrb- use external speaker source -rrb- i would definitely recommend this nice little unit to anyone look to buy a cheap , decent picture quality projector for the first time !!! - some light shine through the rear fan exhaust . -lrb- this can be divert by sit something slightly behind the projector . do not block the air flow !!! -rrb-
204	Projector	POS	5	the panasonic ae4000u 3-lcd video projector be the second projector i have own and the 4th i have use more than once or twice . after four and a half year of use my old panasonic l300u video projector , i buy this new projector plus a blu-ray player . the old projector look great on high definition tv broadcast and very good on dvd as long as they be brightly light and colorful . high-def football and other sport look fabulous project onto my 64 inch beaded glass screen , even when the room be not really dark and even though it be not really a true high definition projector . 1080us and 720p downreze to my 1\/4hd projector 's native 540p -lrb- 540x960 -rrb- look great and much better than dvd 's native 480p . and with my eyeball 11-12 foot from the screen or even 9 foot , i could not see pixel , and more pixel and detail would actually probably not have be visible -lrb- i think -rrb- . but i do not watch much sport and mostly use it for movie and high def tv . the major problem it have be with black level . in black and white or color program where there be very little black ever in the image there be no problem . in film noir , or orson welles film , or even the buffy or angel tv show which have lot of dark and night scene , the absence of black be a quite annoying problem . and my major criterion for a new projector be that it have black level that actually look black , that it display 1080p signal , and also that it be able to display 24 frame per second -lrb- movie -rrb- signal at 24 fp . other information i can get from review , but to see if black level be good enough for me , i have to see it . unfortunately , store basically do not have display model so it be hard to actually see what a picture look like , as i find out when i take my copy of citizen kane and star wars episode ii out to try to see some . only a local high end dealer have a $ 6000 dlp projector which be very good but way out of my price range . finally i find a online dealer which have a return policy that would have allow i to return a projector for my money back if i do not like it and have put less than four hour on the lamp . among other , they have the panasonic ae4000u , which sound very promising base on review and i already have a panasonic which , with certain reservation , i like a lot . so i order it . the black level be not perfect but they be very impressive , as good , i think , as the $ 6000 dlp i have see . i project a little bit of my blu-ray blade runner and my wife see a little of it and comment that it look beautiful even think she do not like the movie . after a hour or so of make adjustment and check out some video material , but not directly compare it to the old projector , i be pretty sure it be good enough and want to keep it and set up a test to show my wife , and myself . i cover the right half of the new projector lens and the left half of the old projector lens and in normal bright room light adjust the picture to the same size and to a smooth transition between side when both projector be be feed the same signal . then i darken the room , invite my wife in for a comparison of the old and new without yet know myself how they would look side by side in the dark and bring up a few scene from the star wars episode ii dvd . between the oppo blu-ray player feed a better quality signal via hdmus -lrb- vs component for the older projector -rrb- and the quality difference between the 6 year old projector and the new one , the difference be astonishing in term of black level , color quality , brightness -lrb- in eco mode , yet -rrb- , sharpness , you name it . it take my wife less than 30 seconds to say that we be keep the new projector ; not only that , but the blu-ray player , about which she have be quite dubious , be indeed , she now agree , also a worthwhile purchase . we shut the old projector off , remove the lens cover , and look at more of star wars , some of citizen kane , and on blu-ray , a bit of blade runner and a couple other odds and end . we both come away very happy . the color be much more natural and beautiful and the increase in detail be amazing . in isolation , the old projector still look very good , except for black level . but i be a little surprised at how much sharper the new one look from 11-12 foot away . i think a good bit of it have to do with the improvement in apparent sharpness due to the better black level performance . there be 4 time as many pixel , but from 12 foot away , lot of extra pixel just be not really visible , though the increase in pixel undoubtedly get extra information to you brain even though you do not consciously see a increase . with the old projector , from 5 foot away , i could see pixel on on the 64 inch -lrb- diagonal -rrb- screen . from less than a foot away , i still can not see pixel with the ae4000u except sometimes on some test pattern , but not on any program material . it be like look at film and very sharp even when view up close . a few day later , think about the very good but not perfect black level , it strike i that film do not have perfect black either . the black level with the projector be not as good as the black on my old proscan 27 '' crt . but the black with this projector seem to i to be as good as i have ever see in any color film with the possible exception of some -- not all -- 3-strip technicolor -lrb- tm -rrb- ib print and as good as any black and white film i have see in a print less than 50 year old . this projector be mostly for view film . so that be good enough . i go to see the princess and the frog with the family when it be out and the theater just do not put enough light up on the screen which seriously degrade the experience . while the end credit be roll , white text on a black screen , i walk up to the front and put my hand in front of the screen and could see my shadow clearly in the black . if they have be use adequate light it would have be even clearer . image be much brighter at home and the shadow be not much different . my default set for all thing video be now 1080p60 , with 24fp enable on my oppo bdp-83se . fed to the ae4000u project onto a 64 inch diagonal 9x16 screen , excellent dvd material , like star wars , episode ii -lrb- specifically scene 15 return to naboo , which i have use as a test scene -rrb- , really do look near hd . it be not as sharp as blu-ray or 1080i or 720p broadcast , but it really do look very good , enough so that i be not highly motivate to replace many dvd with blu-ray disc . i may change my mind when i get a 92 inch screen , but have stand up close to the screen and compare blu-ray and dvd upscale and at 24fp with the oppo blu-ray player -lrb- bdp-83se , which i have also review -rrb- and the ae4000u , i suspect that i will not . i should also note that view on other upscale dvd player , dvd do not look as good as they do on oppo bdp-83 or bdp-83se . make no mistake , blu-ray look better , but with this system , blu-ray 's biggest advantage be high definition sound instead of dolby digital 's lossy compression . i do plan to buy most new disc in blu-ray , but i do not plan to replace many old one unless for its for soundtrack upgrade . that say , i do upgrade north by northwest , with its wonderful bernard herrmann score , and there be a handful of other i would jump at the opportunity to buy on blu-ray for a sound upgrade . i also show virtually everything i watch with dynamic iris off and at the standard cinema 1 set for 6500k color temperature -lrb- for black and white or color -rrb- , and i find that in general the color be gorgeous and very evocative of the experience of view movie in a good theater where the management be really dedicate to a quality view experience -lrb- a attitude that be all too rare in movie theater -rrb- . and dvd from technicolor -lrb- tm -rrb- original source , like the classic warner brothers adventures of robin hood , really do approximate the experience of 3-strip technicolor -lrb- tm -rrb- nitrate original . so movie at my house often look better than in theater . i think that have a player capable of output 24fp be very important and significantly upgrade the experience watch film base material . some recommend it only for blu-ray and `` very well author dvd . '' i use it on all dvd and and infrequently -lrb- not at all on many movie and , usually not more than 1-4 time per movie -rrb- i get a black frame at 24fp . i suspect this occur when the player or projector loose cadence momentarily because of a improper edit point on the dvd . but the overall increase in how realistic movie look be well worth a occasional black frame . if the room be brightly light and what i have on be ordinary tv that i be not much interested in , i will occasionally use the dynamic setting , which throw more apparent light on the screen , instead of cinema 1 . but if it be something i care about , i 'll darken the room and watch it in cinema 1 . this be a excellent projector . buy this and and oppo bdp 83 together at list price be a incredible bargain and will keep you happy watch and listen to movie on dvd and blu-ray for a long time . and over-the-air high definition broadcast in 720p or 1080i both look better than upscaled dvd . update 6-29-10 : for a while i have be conscious of this but i think i would write it up fresh tonight . i just watch a netflix dvd of blindside tonight and on the oppo use upscale to 1080p through hdmus with 24 hz dvd playback enable and through the panasonic ae-4000 set to frame creation mode 1 -lrb- the least processing above no processing -rrb- on a 65 inch screen at 10 foot , i really be not conscious that i be watch a dvd rather than a blu-ray disc . during the credit it be easier to tell , but watch the movie it be not . this be the same setup i use for virtually all dvd playback , and as usual there be a small number of black frame , a very small price to pay for such high quality view through this incredibly synergistic pair of instrument . with these 2 component , watch all of blindside , a few minute of the searchers blu-ray and 2010 blu-ray and then a few minute of the blindside dvd again , there be not a lot of difference in image quality . i suspect with more magnification , for example with 2.35-2 .4:1 scope\/panavision movie blow up to the same vertical size , the difference will be much more apparent , because of the much higher resolution of blu-ray . but dvd look awfully good on this pair . that say , watch part of the same 3 movie 5 foot from the screen -- the equivalent of watch on a 130 inch screen from 10 foot , the searchers clearly look better , as well it should , have be shoot in vistavision -lrb- essentially 70 mm -rrb- . the difference between 2010 and blindside be more subtle , slightly in favor of 2010 , perhaps not as much as it should be with real 1080p instead of 480p upscale to 1080p . but most significantly , the difference be subtle , not blatant . 6\/25\/11 update i receive two comment recently , to which this update be a reply . since write the review , i have have the projector well over a year and have upgrade to a 92 inch ceiling mount motorized screen . i still mostly view television about the same size as i use to -- 65 inch -- but for movie on dvd or blu-ray i use the full screen . the improvement of blu-ray over dvd upscale to 1080p 24 be considerably more noticeable on a 92 inch screen than on a 65 inch screen , but good dvd still look remarkably good . at 92 inch pixel on content be still invisible , but on test pattern still , you can see they if you get up close -- that be how i fine tune focus when i change screen size back and forth between tv and movie size . if i get a larger screen , i would have to move my magneplanar 1.7 s out of they sweet spot and i would have to find a new place to put the projector . so my screen be stay . but , i be sure it would do a very nice job on a still larger screen . the panasonic be such a fine and versatile projector that one would think that with a software upgrade , and perhaps a outboard infrare transmitter for either the projector or the blu-ray and a pair of glass , this ought to be a fine 3d projector , and i hope that someone at panasonic be think along those line . but otherwise i have no immediate plan to replace my trusty old oppo bdp-83se , which still put out remarkable quality sound and picture or this projector . but maybe someday i will get a bdp-95 if i become convinced it sound significantly better . i recently have some friend over to watch the blu-ray of fantasia 2000 . the picture be not as big , but it look and sound better than when i see it a decade ago in a real imax theater -lrb- not one of the phony little one that pass for imax these day . -rrb- sound and picture both be less distorted , better focus , and clearer , more detailed , and more natural . this be still a very fine projector .  oppo bdp-83se - blu-ray disc player - upscaling - black
179	Projector	POS	5	as long as you be not work in a big theater , this be a terrific projector for everyday presentation . it be one of the least expensive on the market , and easy to use right out of the box . the control be super-easy and the hook up simple and clear . a nice sharp , bright image in a very small and lightweight package .
489	Projector	POS	5	i be surprize that it be new at that cost because walmart want 70.00 for just 10 ft. . it work great with a perfect picture and sound . also i read coment first and that make i choose this one .
584	Projector	POS	5	nice usb to pc connection it be truly a plug n ' play ! i just scan through the quick guide and i be able to operate the projector easily . my only concern be whether the 2600 lumen would be enough light intensity consider the natural light present , not to mention the church 's plain white wall be use to project image . however , it be plenty enough the project image off of power point presentation be quite legible and colorful from over 300 ft. . needless to say , i highly recommend this product !!!
520	Projector	POS	5	it be easy to use , small , compact and low weight , the clarity of picture , pircture quality be nice , it work very good with daylight and even better with no light , i have not test the function of 3d because i do not have video card but i supuosse that it be good too
595	Projector	POS	4	i be not a techie , but i do like technology , especially if it do what it be make to do well and do not cost a arm and a leg . i think i would be very pleased with this projector if i do not already have the viewsonic pjd5123 projector , which be cheaper and in my opinion do a better job project video . this be what i mean . before i receive the epson product to review , i have buy the viewsonic , because i would use that model at work and i really like it . so , when i get the epson , i immediately set they up side by side to compare they . basically , the projection quality be very similar , and they share similar function and option . however , there be a noticeable difference in the color quality . while the viewsonic be consistently bright and have bold color contrast , in comparison the epson 's projection look light and wash out , with the black too prominent . if i do not have the viewsonic to compare side by side , i think i would not have mind that . and i do play around with the different color function on both machine . viewsonic look better to i each time . though this color issue be really the only problem -lrb- that really be not a big problem -rrb- that stand out , i would still recommend this projector . keep in mind that it be only noticable because i be compare they next to each other . i also like the slide cover and the slim look .
444	Projector	POS	5	this amazing little piece of technology have blow my mind . i turn my empty bedroom wall into a 50 '' screen . i have show family member travel photo at a moment notice . i have impress a few young woman at the bar . quite simply , you have the ability to project a screen of vary size anywhere - it be quite the feat and really quite fun as you watch other `` ooh and ahh '' at this technology . enjoy !
619	Projector	POS	5	i sell my dt-200 today after 2 year of trouble free service . this be my third home theater projector and by far the best i have ever own . the picture be excellent for this price point . black level and lumen leave a little to be desire . however , one must keep in mind that this be not a runco or sim2 either . i really believe sharp be offer the most bang for the buck of any electronics manufacturer in today market . that be why i be stick with they ... i have upgrade to the dt-300 .
613	Projector	POS	5	first , let 's set expectation . i do not care if this would replicate a purpose build home theater unit . i buy the optoma because it be small , would sit on a end table beside my couch and have good enough resolution to play game when i point it at my wall . i know it would not display hd , it be less than $ 400 , and it come with a headphone jack so i would not disturb the wife -lrb- too much -rrb- while she be watch tv . i be worry that it would be a little dim , cheaply construct , and difficult to adjust . turn out , it be well constucted , plenty bright -lrb- especially on a\/c power -rrb- , and focus the unit be straightforward . what i do not expect be that it would be bright enough in daylight to watch espn3 through the xbox , play game with no issue , and that it would work with my gorilla camera tripod . when the sun set and the room darken , it work exactly like i hope it would when i buy it . when the sun 's up , i can still use it without issue . if you want a high def experience , buy something else . if you want a hand size projector to play image against a available -lrb- white -rrb- surface in anything but the brightest lighting , this thing work . add a hdmus cable and a apple hdmi adapter , and you have get a portable projector for angry bird at 60 '' . who would have think ?
88	Projector	POS	5	i be use this projector from last one year . . its work great and i have not face any issue with this till now .
66	Projector	POS	5	i buy this projector -lrb- pj -rrb- about a month ago . i have be shop for about 2 -3 month for a pj . my old sanyo pj be about 8 year old . pay $ 2000 back then for it . i consider it old technology and want something newer , but do not want to spend a whole lot of money . i be willing to spend up to $ 1000 . i be think about optoma hd 65 -lrb- 720 -rrb- \/ hd 66 -lrb- 720 -rrb- or the optoma hd20 -lrb- 1080 -rrb- . i read all the review and research av forum . i read that epson have good customer service and stand behind they product . i be not that technical and try to keep my expectation reasonable . i have ps3 \/ hd cable box \/ wii hook up to the pj . off course the hd \/ blueray contents give i the best picture quality . the wii output at standard definition be okay . i be very happy with 720p . not sure if 1080 be worth the add cost . this 720p pj be well price . the build quality be good . it be small and portable . have a variety of input . the remote be functional and it be easy to set up . if you be on the fence line , just go out and buy it . keep you expectation reasonable and you will be very happy .
301	Projector	POS	5	este equipo llego bien y en el tiempo previsto . para el precio y el tama & ntilde ; o e un exellente equipo . sirve para proyectar video , documento foto etc. bajo consumo de energia . e muy bien portatil .
840	Projector	POS	5	i purchase this projector in august of 2011 and enjoy use it to project on my ceiling at night , and when the power go out in all of southern californium last summer , i and my roommate be able to watch netflix on this baby . just recently in february or so it stop project all three color so the hue be a very red color and no adjustment would change it , and then it would power off after 45 seconds or so . i contact the company who get back to i within 24 hour and have i rma the unit back to they . they let i email they my tracking number and immediately send out a brand new unit . they even let i keep all the accessory include the battery of the original unit . i get the new projector within 4 or 5 day of the initial rma request . this company really stand behind they product , and for that i be extremely impressed . the projector unit itself have a pretty decent picture for such a small device . my battery life be somewhere from 35-40 minute on the brightest setting , but i can easily plug it in while project to watch as long as i would like . the one caveat be that it must be almost completely dark in the room for a larger picture . but once it be dark , i can project a entire wall with the image with pretty dang fine clarity .
707	Projector	POS	5	projector lamp be as it be put forth ! work out of the box without any modification . lamp work with a fast warm up and with no flicker start ! thanks for a great product !
447	Projector	POS	4	this be a very good projector for display sharp image for game , movie or presentation on a fairly smooth white or light color wall or projector screen . its various input port make it a versatile projector for display device with hdmus , rca , vga , or composite , and also have audio in & out . at approximately 4ft . you can display a video image about 4x7 ft. in size -lrb- approx . 81 in . tv screen -rrb- and at about 10ft . you have a mini imax theater . the projector can be adjust by use button on projector itself or through the remote ; have focus adjustment , adjustable projector foot and work great with my sony 3d blu-ray player or 3d video card on my computer . with the include backpack , remote , 3d rf emitter -lrb- 3d glass sell separately -rrb- and cable , this projector be a great travel companion and work great in normal room light , too . feature that would have make this projector better would be , use a standard projector lense so you can use it as a home theater project , because move the projector further then 10 ft. make the image go out of focus and can not be adjust . also , the fan cooling cycle for the bulb be real short -lrb- about 9sec . -rrb- then shut off . high heat be still feel come from the exhaust vent in projector which could possibly damage lamp before its cool down enough to move . my other projector continue to circulation air into the bulb chamber continuously after its initial blast of air to cool down bulb . i use a small personal fan to blow air into this projector for about 15 min . to cool down the bulb enough so i can store it safety without worry about bulb damage . all these projector bulb be not cheap . the short throw optic lense be round which prevent lense cap from fitting snuggly on lense when store projector and no zoom adjustment . you adjust size by move projector closer or further from projector screen . overall this be a good projector for a person with small room want a movie \/ video game room in they home or apartment for family or friend entertaining and with the 3d build in to use 3d blu-ray player , game console or other 3d device directly , without buy a converter box ; it make this projector worth its value .
414	Projector	POS	5	we make a outdoor entertainment area at the back end of we property where two very large tree fall and form a natural amphitheater . on a tori gate between the two tree , i mount a seven foot screen so we could watch movie use a projection system i buy from amazon and a extra stereo receiver and surround sound system . it be great but the screen be just not big enough for the area so i purchase this ten foot one . wow , what a difference . we have have four movie night so far and everybody want to come . i want a manual , pull down , screen because i have to take it down and store it after every movie . this one seem to be well make . it pull down and raise very easily . i use a blu-ray player to show the movie and the picture be as least as good as the big screen tv in the house . -lrb- it be about four year old -rrb- phoenix be warm enough to have movie night all winter long , with a fire pit anyway . spring and fall be absolutely perfect ... during july through september , i be go to have to figure a way to mount it so we can watch movie from the pool .
161	Projector	POS	4	love it only give it 4 out of 5 star because i be unable to adjust the stop point of where the screen stop when comee down
592	Projector	POS	5	i get the item earlier than the estimate date . i be the correct item . i have no problem with the item or shipment .
31	Projector	POS	4	i be use the with my epson 8350 projector . it be work well so far . assembly be simple mount be not to bad . the good be that it be very adjustable . the con be that there be no fine adjustment . basically it be easy to get it in the ball park but if you be expect to be able to adjust the mount a millimeter you should go for a high end model . it work well for i and would not hesitate to suggest to anyone do a budget install .
673	Projector	POS	5	we purchase the shift3 light blast entertainment projector and it be well worth it ! so far we have have three family and friend movie night that be successful . we set this up on we carport and we hang a bath board for the screen that we have purchase at lowe 's . the projector work perfect for we use .
394	Projector	POS	5	i defy anyone to find a projector with resolution this good for the price . the spec on this rival many 2000-3000 dollar projector . the better model may have brighter bulb and better black -- but the difference in performance be negligible -- the difference in prince be not . i already own one and i be buy a second one for my sister . happy holiday si !
400	Projector	POS	5	i love this product . picture look incredible . we have this set up in we basement and people can not believe how little we pay for such a nice picture .
513	Projector	POS	4	the product be very good and meet expectation . i be satisfy with the purchase and recommend it to anyone interested in a quality product .
712	Projector	POS	5	the optoma ep739 have the best picture you can get for under $ 1300.00 i have own this projector for a couple of month and it rock !!! the hi def be amazing !!! under $ 1900.00 in my total projection system and it compair to a $ 5000.00 system . i 'll stay with optoma from now on .
274	Projector	POS	5	i love epson projector for its sharpness , brightness and vivid color . even if you be plan to watch movie or use it for presentation , this be it !
606	Projector	POS	5	thank you ... thank you sony , really i could not believe my eye , it be a theater yes ... when i turn off the light the picture i have see be great . . the sharpness look like a 3d , it do not matter if you see the movie on the wall or on screen . this product be wonderfull , thanks to sony the one and the only .
64	Projector	POS	4	have the pk201 for about 3 week now . 4 1\/2 star . the brightness have much improve . i love that i can now connect just about anything to the pk201 . hopefully the rest of the cables\/adapter will be available soon . battery life be poor , at about a hour . but i mostly keep this plug in all the time . i wish the screen be just a little bit bigger . 70 '' easy with good clarity . the focus wheel be much better , not loose like previous model . great for travel and hotel room . even with some light ambient lighting you can see the picture fine . best with complete darkness . \*\*\*\* update \*\*\*\* after a lot of use i have notice a few thing when compare to other pk model . first the projection screen on the 201 have a smaller footprint on the wall . i be unable to get the entire screen to focus . area remain blurry no matter what . 101 have better focus . get the pk301 , really impressed with that model . bought one myself .
986	Projector	POS	4	i buy this on amazon and have my parent deliver it to i in the philippines -lrb- this save i almost 50 % ! -rrb- . i be use this projector for home entertainment . i have it setup in my living room\/kitchen . this room get lot of light as we be on the 16th floor . i have the bulb set to eco mode , as i want to extend the life . the image be visible on my wall , but not very enjoyable to watch . when we close all the curtain it look great . i find the image quality to be good enough , even project straight on my white wall . i do not have any hdmus stuff , so do not mind that it can not handle hdmi input -lrb- this could become a problem in the future i suppose -rrb- . i have 2 negative for this projector so far . 1 . it do not seem to auto-detect the input . so switch from computer to dvd player require you push `` source '' . not a problem , just a bit annoying . 2 . within the 1st month of use the picture go dark and the power light turn purple ! i freak out a bit , flip through the user manual -lrb- which be crap , like most user manual -rrb- to find no helpful advise except to bring it in for servicing ! i leave it alone for a good hour or 2 , but purple light keep flash ! so i decide to unplug it and plug it back in ... and it work ! have not happen again since . i have be use it for a few hour which may have cause it to overheat ? i have also change it be location which be a bit more open and should help with ventilation . i recommend this projector for most average user . you 'll enjoy it and it be large picture . we still watch cable on we small tv in we bedroom , but all movie get view on the projector . if you be think of get one of the new led projector because of the how long the bulb will last , consider you average viewing time . i calculate ours and this bulb should last about 4-5 year ! that be pretty decent .
342	Projector	POS	5	buy this in a hurry 14 month ago . over 2000 hour on the lamp so far . great picture for nightly movie with dinner . foreign film , comedy , everything play well for a family of film buff . easy size adjust for various aspect ratio . lack focus control on remote , but fine for we ceiling mount .
589	Projector	POS	4	i buy this projector last year and its still go strong . i do extensive research look for a 3d projector . the first issue i discover - it be nearly imposible to get a 1080p 3d projector under $ 10k . if you do not want to future proof you purchase and do not need or want the 3d , you should look at a 1080p projector . you will not really see a major difference until you get over 50 inch . at 300 dig . inch , it be noticiable to the trained eye . with that be say , the 3d function work flawlessly . you can even use it with content that be not originnaly code in 3d via use power dvd 11 -lrb- awsome program that convert dvd , video -lrb- avus and wmv -rrb- and even picture to 3d . -rrb- the acer brightness be really good . i gennerally run it in eco mode becuase it save energy and cuase less eye strain . standard mode be very bright . standard best for lightly light room . the projector can connect to any source -lrb- hdmus , component , rca , dvi -rrb- the not so good : it can be rather annoy that when you change from one channel to another on you cable box the the projector reset -lrb- you get a blank screen for 5 sec . -rrb- to readjust to the signal for that particular channel . i.e. go from 4080p channel to 1080 p channel . add to that , it reset the projector back to standard brightness mode . also , in 3d mode , a blue instruction box pop up when you change the content . the remote control could definatley use some quick key function . what concern i the most about the remote control be that the projector itself do not contain any command button . so if you misplace the remote control there be no way to change any of the function on the projector . you will only be able to turn it on and off . major flaw in my opinion . verdict : great value for this projector . i be very happy with the product and would highly recommend . since the price decrease as of late , i be consider buy two more for a surround 3d set up . -lrb- if you dont know what that be , look it up , its crazy -rrb-
432	Projector	POS	4	i buy this item for my husband . he really like it . he be amaze at how big and clear the picture be . the only complaint he have be that the usb port do not work on this device . besides that , everything else be good .
467	Projector	POS	5	battery backup , after initial time set automatically set the time and date in case of power interruption , project the time on a ceiling or wall , easy to program , choice of alarm sound , ambient sleep ` noise ' option , easy to read led display ... the list go on and on . for the money , this be a great radio\/alarm clock !
926	Projector	POS	4	easy to use , fun for both inside and out . we use it for the wii and movie . picture quality be like go to the movie , not hd . still , we watch most movie on this projector . great for kid 's sleepover . my only issue be the sound level . it need on external speaker jack so you can place speaker in front . may be hard to hear when you sit in front of projector . i would definately recommend this for outdoor fun viewing .
4	Projector	POS	5	great product . luv it ! arrival time be earlier than expect . now i can watch my laptop on my 40 '' flat screen tv . thank you so much !
51	Projector	POS	5	i buy this for presentation of tax and financial seminar . i need something easily carry and connect . it be sooooo small ! but very powerful and impressive . i buy a flash drive and download the power point and use the projector exclusively . i have to use the power cord to get a bright picture - without it be a good picture but not bright . for i , use the remote be a big problem . the remote only work while stand behind the unit . i like to stand away and walk around , make contact with my audiance so i have to have another person stand at the unit and use the remote . might not be a problem for you if you be ok with stand behind the projector . the picture be clear and the `` run '' noise of the unit not bad . i have recommend it to other associate .
558	Projector	POS	4	when i plug it into the wall and into my computer -lrb- a ibook -rrb- , it work instantly . genuine plug and play . the menu control , while intuitive , be a little difficult to navigate . i may have to look at the manual . the focus be sharp ; the zoom , while a little limited to suit i , work easily . i plan to love use it . the first time be wonderful . i really recommend it !
171	Projector	POS	5	projector be small , fit in place of battery cover . be careful , projector do not fit as well as cover , so take care not to break or scratch contact when fitting it to phone . projector fire up immediately when slide lens cover to reveal projector lens . very easy to use . focus be a slider on the side of projector . can toggle landscape\/portrait by press the phone 's camera button . image be brighter than i expect after read many other review . easy to focus . do use up battery life pretty quickly , so if you be not use external charger , monitor you battery life closely .
823	Projector	POS	5	i do a lot of research and it boil down to the pb6100\/6110 or the infocus x1\/x1a . i purchase the pb6100 and have be plesantly surprise after a month of use . in presentation mode , the picture at 7 foot wide be sharp and impressive -lrb- make sure you select the correct user mode -rrb- . for movie , the picture quality be truly stunning -lrb- must choose cinema mode -rrb- at 7 foot wide !! it appear that the quality of dvd player be rather important as a budget dvd player produce a wash out screen while a good progressive scan player produce rich and vibrant color with no distortion . shockingly good , even with some ambient light . it be a huge payoff for a very modest investment . very enthusiastically recommend .
923	Projector	POS	5	well , there be many place that provide the specification , but if you after someone 's personal opinion , i would say it be second to none projector . the picture be crisp and sharp . you have to realize that not every dvd will exhibit the best picture , but if the movie have be compress with the good quality you will be delighted with the performance of this one . i do not regret even for a second for the money i spend on it !
546	Projector	POS	5	vga be very expensive locally , amazon make it affordable . i would have pay $ 100 locally . work as it should . we be very happy , may need another on for next project soon .
185	Projector	POS	5	cant beat the price . nice smooth surface . no wrinkle . pull up and down nice and smoothly . i be just amaze i get a screen so large for $ 110 deliver . i be tempt to get another and put it away in case i need another later . look well make . nice and solid . when you pull down screen , it lock into position with very little effort .
700	Projector	POS	5	this product do everything it be suppose to do very well , i would recommend it . the projector i be try to mount have its mount location in the strangest place and this mount be able to be adjust to where it need to be .
147	Projector	POS	4	this be a present for my 17 year le and he absolutely love it it os easy to set up and very clear picture
761	Projector	POS	5	we buy this viewsonic pjd5122 projector to replace we older projector that be maybe 5-7 year old . what a amazing difference !! the brightness and picture quality\/sharpness be outstanding . i do not think we really realize how bad the old one be get until we start use this one . anyways , the pjd5122 be very easy to set up , adjust and operate . we have only use it twice so far for company meeting , yet everything so far about it be outstanding and above we expectation . -lrb- we use it for powerpoint presentation , excel spreadsheet , photo and a occasional video . -rrb- we would recommend it to anyone look for a excellent projector for a great price . definitely 5\/5 star .
732	Projector	POS	5	i get a 42 '' lg5400 for we room . with three kid the husband want to be able to sneak away and watch the game while the kid watch cartoon . somehow be stick with the small -lrb- black and white -rrb- college tv set seem unfair . when it finally break we upgrade . instead of buy speaker i look at a soundbar . i want to have great sound without wor about the wire or the kid move or grabe speaker place around the room . my friend be a audiophile and he have the 4100 then upgrade to the 5100 . he tell i the sound difference be minute i go over and try out he system . i like it and my 4100 sound the same . the difference be the 5100 have two 1 '' balanced-dome tweeter and the cost -lrb- approx 300 -rrb- ; perhaps there be audiophile with ear educate enough to tell the difference ... i be sure they would love to pay $ 300.00 for any subtle improvement . my friend who also install system also help i install the tv , dvd , cable box and soundbar . the soundbar be also a receiver so the tv , dvd and cable box be connect through the 4100 . we -lrb- my friend with i as assistant -rrb- update the bios , install the bracket , mount the bar and calibrate the sound . the sound be perfect in the room no matter where you be but you can barely hear it in the hall even with the door open . so we can watch tv in we room when the kid be sleep . i have a electrical outlet put in the wall behind the tv and the wire be run behind the wall so no tangled wire and no wire visible to tempt the child . plus my husband can now watch the game -lrb- football , basketball or baseball -rrb- when the kid take over the tv in the family room . i would buy this unit again in a heartbeat .
300	Projector	POS	5	just get this unit have be use a infocus x1 follow that up with a x2 but still miss the clarity and color i want in satellite tv viewing as well as dvd and vcr view . the optoma 719 upgrade my x2 from 800 x 600 up to a eye pop 780p\/1024 x 768 resolution that be nothing less than spectacular video viewing . i use a flat wall surface prepared and paint with `` screen goo '' -lrb- tm -rrb- and that be it . the room be light by one 25 watt -lrb- fridge -rrb- light bulb , provide plenty of light to still move around in a room area roughly 14 ' x 25 ' located in a basement area with window block . this be better than the movie theater . the color and clarity , resoultion of this projector with the new texas instruments dlp dark chip 2 be incredible for the same price as a much lesser resolution x1 or x2 from infocus . do not get i wrong i really enjoy my x2 projector and it be great for gaming but for the serious dvd\/tv in hd viewer you can not do much better than this . contrast ration be fantastic as well as amount of lumen for the buck . the thing be so light weight that i be timid take it out of the box . this be a great bargin in a time when auto fuel be a king ' ransom .
863	Projector	POS	5	i buy this projector for watch movie and video game , and its do remarkably well . the picture be clean and crystal clear . the hdmi port make you blu-ray connectivity easy . this projector be 3d ready as long as you have the appropriate glass , i cant wait to see how avatar be go to look on my 4 by 7 1\/2 foot screen . it come 2 day early and snugly pack in a box . i do not notice any of the `` color wheel effect '' great buy . the ups driver leave a $ 700 projector sit on my front lawn , so make sure you be there when it arrive . update : avatar look astonishing !
115	Projector	POS	5	i think that this overhead projecter be very easy to use , and alot of fun to play with . it be easy to assemble and very bright , however as soon as i get it it break . i would defimately recomend this to people . i f you be try to find a really good and cheap overhead , this be the one you should get
15	Projector	POS	5	this universal bracket impressed we all . we it team purchase a number of they after help to install one in we facility . it be a breeze and have every adjustment you could ask for . 6 month up in the room and absolutely no adjustment necessary . but with confidence .
919	Projector	POS	4	install the foot onto my vivitek 1080fd be a puzzle . take i 4 or 5 attempt to get something that would project and swivel the correct direction . there be a lot of tweak you can make to swivel the projector over different axis once it be initially install . due to the unanticipated flexibility of the mount , i be able to get a extra 10 '' of screen space due to be able to work around my ceiling fan and overall room condition . one complaint i do have be there be only a anchor kit for concrete , but not for drywall . i guess they expect you to find a stud , but in my location i be unable to use the stud and still have the picture center . i just pick up a anchor kit from home depot and from there installation go smoothly .
352	Projector	POS	5	this be a great clock radio . guess i have not buy one recently . so many feature ! love the projection to the ceiling . love the monday - friday alarm - no longer have to remember to turn the alarm off friday night ! dual alarm be great too - i use it for radio first , then the alarm . the time be permanently correct - that be pretty cool . the quality of the radio be good . ca not think of any negative . this clock radio beat many other that be price a lot higher .
410	Projector	POS	4	certainly for the price this a well make budget product and capable of push a decent image on a unprepped wall with good clarity , easy adjustment and solid construction . it be not mind blow and the audio leave something to be desire , but my god ... for the price ? unbelievable .
548	Projector	POS	5	great little projector . i have have it for a day and i believe you need nothing else if you be look for a small , light and very portable projector . 300 hundred lumen be more than enough for anything you may want . a good set of connection cable -lrb- short , like 18 inch -rrb- . in my case i get a 120 inch screen from 3.5 meter from the wall . excellent quality . only complaint be sound , but any speaker system will do the trick . i recommend this to anybody who be look for a portable projector .
828	Projector	POS	4	i would read one other review suggest that the projector will be find to be less than desirable after 10 month of usage so i want to add my own review . i have be use my pj550 for four year now and have not have a bit of trouble with it . it work well and provide great color and although as one review suggest it could stand to be a bit better on the output level it still work fine for i in a large training room .
24	Projector	POS	5	i be a little skeptical of 5 star review , but this mount most certainly deserve that ! i recently purchase a planar pd7060 , and be in need of a mount with good adjustment , due to my low drop ceiling in my theater\/basement . -lrb- the planar do not have a lens shift ... -rrb- as mention in earlier review , the instruction be lack , but the build quality of this thing more than make up for the shortfall of the literature . i have to make a brace behind the ceiling tile outof 2x 's and that probably take longer to do than install the projector . i be very pleased with all the tilt , yaw , forward , back , and side to side adjustment that can be make . it be very easy to square the projector to the wall or screen you be project on ... it have a variety of bolt include for mount you projector , i do not need to go to lowe 's or hd to pick up any thing ... my planar have three mount point , and the mount have 2 set of 3 adjustable arm , that i be sure will work with almost any projector . w there be set screw in every adjustable pivot point to lock you setting in place . this thing will not move ! pricepoint and versatility be top notch !
25	Projector	POS	5	i originally consider the infocus x1 , since it be highly rate and probably ` the ' most recommend projector in this price range . however , i be sensitive to the ` rainbow ' effect ' that dlp projector be prone to , so i have to turn to lcd . the nec vt46 have some favorable review out there , and it have a shorter throw than the x1 , so i decide to pick one up . wow ! the picture be much better than i expect ! despite be a 4:3 projector , it produce a amazing picture with widescreen dvd . the color look very natural and the contrast be excellent . the short throw lens and manual zoom allow i to create a huge image from the coffee table , and it be also very quiet so it do not intrude on quiet scene . i do not hesitate to recommend this projector ; it have exceed my expectation .
242	Projector	POS	4	after round one of tweak the 1080p picture be top notch ! im still quite shocked how far projector technology have come . the picture be so compelling you 'll think you be watch a hdtv . that be until you realize you be screen be 8ft across or more ! i have only be use this projector for exactly one week , and it be my first , and i be very impressed ! the `` out of the box '' picture be pretty good but fortunately im not one of those plug & play kind of people . i actually use the `` menu '' button ! update : 10-22-11 i have put in just over 470hr on the 8100 and i notice a unusaul problem i can not defeat ! there be a bluish band across the `` top '' -lrb- it be upside down -rrb- of the screen and red across the `` bottom '' . it be only noticeable when watch bright scene and in 16x9 but it seem to be grow towards the center of the screen . appearently this be common with past epson projector . the cost to fix this will cost as much as buy another projector and that be ecactly what im go to do . buy from another company that be ! iv ' e get my eye on a optoma 3d projector . we 'll see ! i might give epson another chance . minus one star for this problem ...
754	Projector	POS	5	i see a review about this projector about a year ago on a tv show call screen saver , which air on tectv . they give it a good review so i give it a try , a love it . i only buy it to watch dvd 's on a it work perfect for that . i have a huge wall in one room of we house a simply paint the wall white a use it as the screen . a 20 foot screen no less . it be the ultimate home theater , just add you surround sound a boom . no reason to ever leave you house for the movie again . yes the light do need to be low , or in my case i like it dark . but its get a great picture a more then worth the price . we have have nothing but fun with it ever since i buy . its the perfect projector for those on a buget or for anyone that just do ` nt like to waste a lot of money on something like watch movie ... ... ...
992	Projector	POS	5	simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple works very easy to install . i be very happy with the quality . best regards , avi moyal http:\/\/www.kabbalah.info\/
705	Projector	POS	5	the mount system work just as you would expect , or better . the installation process take less than 30 minute , and it could not be much simpler . i live in a place build in the 1970 's , so i have 8 ' ceiling as be typical of construction at that time . even with a fairly tall projector , sharp dt-510 , i have more than 7 ' of clearance under the projector . it be exactly what i need for my installation .
671	Projector	POS	5	this be a excellent clock radio , with many outstanding feature at a very affordable cost . all clock radio do pretty much the same thing , so i 'll focus on the feature that differentiate this unit from other i have own over the year . the `` rediset '' feature automatically set the unit up . when you plug the unit in for the first time , after a few seconds , it set itself to the correct date , day , and time -lrb- though you may have to make a very simple time zone adjustment -rrb- . and that be it ; you never have to reset it , even after a power failure or after you unplug it . the backup battery be a non-replaceable lithium battery that be suppose to last for at least 5 year . all of the alarm setting and adjustment be input by means of a small keypad on top of the unit . everything be easy to see , clearly lable , and intuitive to operate . the dual alarm can be set to play the radio , buzz , or start several `` soothing sound , '' such as ocean wave , wind chime , etc. . it sound trivial , but those sound be much more pleasant than a 6 am buzzer . the snooze button be very easy to find , even in the dark . it be large , textured , and raise a little above the body of the unit . finally , the instruction booklet be very clearly write ; you do not get the feeling that it be imperfectly translate from the chinese original . the one feature i do not care for be the time projector . this may be useful and even important to some people , but i find open my eye in the middle of the night and see the time in foot-tall number on the ceiling to be somewhat unsettling . however , it be easy to turn the projector off . my bottom line : this be a full-featured clock radio in a attractive , fairly small case at a very good price . i recommend it most highly .
494	Projector	POS	5	do a ton of research before buy . could not find all the feature i want , so i wait . -lrb- go from 52 '' rca rear projection tv to 92 '' projector . -rrb- glad i do , this unit do a great job in a room with ambient light . i recommend get a light gray screen rather than white or just use the wall for improve contrast . excellent quality , quiet , great picture . remember , the screen be only half the experience , do not skimp on sound !
243	Projector	POS	5	i be a little skeptical of 5 star review , but this mount most certainly deserve that ! i recently purchase a planar pd7060 , and be in need of a mount with good adjustment , due to my low drop ceiling in my theater\/basement . -lrb- the planar do not have a lens shift ... -rrb- as mention in earlier review , the instruction be lack , but the build quality of this thing more than make up for the shortfall of the literature . i have to make a brace behind the ceiling tile outof 2x 's and that probably take longer to do than install the projector . i be very pleased with all the tilt , yaw , forward , back , and side to side adjustment that can be make . it be very easy to square the projector to the wall or screen you be project on ... it have a variety of bolt include for mount you projector , i do not need to go to lowe 's or hd to pick up any thing ... my planar have three mount point , and the mount have 2 set of 3 adjustable arm , that i be sure will work with almost any projector . w there be set screw in every adjustable pivot point to lock you setting in place . this thing will not move ! pricepoint and versatility be top notch ! i order the black version , but this be the same model .
974	Projector	POS	5	everyone that see the picture this projector give want one . you would expect to pay much more for this quality . the picture still look great with the light on and blind open . give the adjustability of the projector and the abilty to handle ambient light , this will work in a lot of home other projector might not be right for . and it look great even on a inexpensive screen -lrb- da-lite hd model b -rrb- . the only negative thing be i know about right now be that with all projector include the new dlp rear projector tv be that the bulb have to be replace every 2000 or so hour and they cost over $ 300 to replace . i just get my projector , so i do not know if the bulb will last its advertised lenght . i would be surprise if you be not wow by this projector . update : i have have problem with this projector . already on my second one and be get ready to send it away for more work . seem to be a reliability problem . the projector shut off automatically after i turn it on . . force i to wait 5 minute to turn it back on . also , and much worse , the project image be start to go blank every 5 minute and the imput option appear . . very annoying and you may miss key part of whatewver you be watch . now , still under warranty , panasonic be make i pay to ship the unit to kansas -lrb- i be in california -rrb- where they will work on it and say they will have it back to i in 7-10 day . if you still want to buy this after read this , make sure you get a good warranty . my rating now would be much lower than 5 star if amazon would let i change it -lrb- they will not -rrb- second update : well my iris have break again ! and now it be out of warranty ! this be the third time i have have to return this product for repair ! i think there should be a class action suit against these guy for not recall a product that almost everyone be report problem with ... will never buy a panasonic product again .
450	Projector	POS	5	i buy this as a gift for my husband . i test it out before wrap and wish i do not have to wait to give this to he . this be the first projector i have ever purchase and spend about a month research inexpensive projector before buy this one . i be extremely satisfy with this purchase . i be amaze at the picture and audio quality . we use this as a tv for we bedroom and for gathering with family . it easily set up with a home theater system . i do not have any complaint with this item and can not wait to purchase more favus item in the future !
435	Projector	POS	5	this product be a tremendous value and have deliver all that be promise . auto lens shift feature be a real plus and setup and adjustment be very intuitive . ultra short throw be a main concern and i have zoom-to-spare throw a image from 10.5 foot onto a 92 inch diagonal screen . in dakened theater , the low lamp setting -lrb- with est lamp life of 4,000 hour -rrb- be exceptional and with a cinema color setting , video be warm , rich , smooth and black be outstanding . i spend 6 month look for this and be very pleased with this unit . i would highly recommend it .
674	Projector	POS	5	nice lcd projector for video game , movie and tv . find the mediawise model to have the best feature for the money . picture quality be surprisingly good even on just a plain white wall . unlike similar model it be back by a full one year part and labor warranty . a free hdmus cable and extra bulb be also a nice bonus . will provide hour of entertainment for you whole family !
522	Projector	POS	4	this product work great and it arrive within 10 day of i place the order . i think that be fantastic because i need it for my class presentation . thanks for the quick service !!!
321	Projector	POS	5	the universal ceiling mount be easy to configure to we projector with lot of hardware to set it level . it be a very easy to install .
656	Projector	POS	5	i recently buy the hd66 projector and it be very easy to install , if you look for a good hd projector that do not put a hole in you pocket this be the one to buy . when i receive it in the mail i take it out of the box and hook it up to my ps3 just by the hdmi cable and it work great the picture quality be great i be a little scared when i buy it at first cause i think maybe the review be b.s. but im tell you i think it be a great quality for a projector under 700 dollar . my video game and the blu ray movie look great . the projector be about maybe 12ft away from the wall and without a screen or anything it look great on the wall itself . i also connect it to my direct tv hddvr and it work great the channel come out in hd and everything . i be look foward in buy the extra 3d accessory to see what it look like in 3d but over all this projector be great we watch 2 blu-ray movie on my ps3 and we use the wall as a screen and it look great the screen be really big i say about 95 to 100 '' . oh yeah and adjust the screen be very easy for i it take i like 2 minute maybe i just get lucky , dont know . overall if you be read this review trust i it be a great buy for movie and game like i say i have not test the 3d but im hopeing it look as good as everything else ...
847	Projector	POS	5	i be use this for work presentation . great image at 10 foot ! fit in the palm of my hand . this pack away nicely in a carryon .
622	Projector	POS	5	i be thrill when i see the price on this lamp - much less than any other i would see . the service be great , and so far , the lamp be work perfectly !
838	Projector	POS	5	walk up to soothing sound instead of beh beh beh beh beh ... amazing !!!! power have be interupt a few time , and no worry on my part , babttery back up will always work . set it and forget it . : -rrb- this clock have all the option one would need .
341	Projector	POS	5	great clock rasdio . i now have three of they . very easy to set up and use . the flashlight that attach to the radio have come in very handy . the flashlight be a great feature . i highly recommend this product .
667	Projector	POS	4	first , let i say , i would have give this projector 4.5 star if the rating be available . basically , it be a really good projector . it have everything you need , and the picture quality and brightness be really good . however , this unit be really big and not just a little ugly . i mean , i suppose the picture quality be the primary objective , but could not they have make it just a little prettier ? it do not actually look that much worse than other unit in shape , etc. . but it be huge , which make the utilitarian appearance stand out . also , it be white . which mean that if you want to use it as part of a home theater setup like i , it be more visible in a dark room . ugly and more visible make a bad combination . i be really happy with my projector . i be sure i 'll get a lot of use and satisfaction from it . but the first thing that go through my mind everytime i look at it be : `` wow ! that be a big , ugly projector ! ''
1	Projector	POS	4	look for a bright , portable , quiet projoector ? this be it . great keystone control and color depth and brightness . only downside -- zoom effect be highly lack . do not expect to shrink or enlarge the image much once you have the projector set up . but for the money -- perfect projector .
309	Projector	POS	5	its a awesome little device . its small , have a hdmus port right on it , and it host my western digital passport like a breeze , and play most media from my drive with no problem . also , its plenty bright for standard bedroom operation - even during the day with average window cover . at night its startlingly bright for its size . and it be sturdy - no move part besides the fan . it be take a tumble once or twice as someone would foolishly trip over a cord , and it suffer no loss of performance . con -lrb- worth mention , but not worth pass it up for -rrb- : the remote control - its a bit of a mess , intuitive-wise . get around its menu be a chore . the itir receive port be on the back of the projector , where i find myself not be positioned - far to often . some of the best place and way to position this projector leave the remote out of line-of-sight . and of course , you would better not lose the thing , because many of the projector function can only be access with the remote control . i velcroe mine to my projector in the hope that it would keep they together . so far , so good . the power adaptor - its huge . its nearly as big again as the projector itself . kinda sour the pleasure of have such a amazing compact projector when you realize you have to lug a big brick around too . and contrary to my original thought , the projector have no battery of its own , only ac power . all that say , its still the best , most versatile product of its kind and the best bank for one buck in this category . it always work .
80	Projector	POS	5	i get this projector within 3 day of purchasing , it be ship half the globe to middle east . it be a perfect purchase and delivery from amazon . thank you amazon . . when it come to the projector , i have be use it now for over two month , its as perfect as you wish it to be . i be use it as my primary visual device -lrb- i do not have a tv set -rrb- . so i be connect my satalite reciever , my mac minus and my dvd player . all workk perfectly . the 720p hd picture be very crisp , i almost see no difference compare to the 1080p . however , it be a bit of a blow when it come to the 3d , i contact optoma to ask about the 3d capability and how can i watch 3d on it , they say i can not watch 3d video on it yet , mean i can not connect my cable tv or blue-ray player to it and play 3d , i will have to buy a 3d adapter -lrb- like the optoma 3d-xl adapter -rrb- in order to play 3d . i be expect it to be 3d capable and ready without any adapter , but its not the case . anyway , i be very happy about my purchase , will post another review if i manage to get the 3d-xl adapter . i give it 3 star in the 3d attribute cuz u can not play 3d without a adapter . thanks
118	Projector	POS	4	after my son -lrb- accidentally -rrb- break 2 50 '' plasma tv 's i start seriously look into projection as a alternative to those easily breakable screen . because of the loss i take on those 2 tv 's i be not willing to spend a great deal of money so i be cautiously optimistic when i come across this projector . we have have it about a month now and i have to say that i be surprisingly please with it . the picture quality be really good , even during the middle of the day . i would say it rival my previous plasma tv 's . it only have 1 hdmus output so we buy a `` switch '' to accommodate the cable and the blu ray . the sound be fine when we be just watch regular tv but when we be watch a movie on the blu ray the volume get really low for some reason so we be look into a sound system to take care of that . we have the wii hook up to it as well and again , the volume be low , but the kid can play wii and have fun and i do not have to worry about any remote fly thru the screen . for any family with small child i would definitely recommend look into projection as a alternative to tip toe around a flat screen tv and this be a great budget friendly projector to consider !
347	Projector	POS	4	the 3m mp160 be currently 3m 's upper middle of the road pocket projector . i can not say i fall in love with this product when i first receive it , but its usefulness become more apparent with time . i recommend it , but with very strong reservtions\/warnings . pro : exceptionally portable which allow you to present information in way not previously possible that be about it . however , this pro be bigger than one might think . but first , the negative : con : price lack of wi-fus and bluetooth connectivity connection cable provide limit how you can use horrible user manual . actually , what manual ? it be a pamphlet with almost no information provide at all . 32 lumen . this projector be not go to work in a light room as soon as i open the box and try to use the mp160us immediately wish for the functionality of the mp180 , it be more expensive relative . i really want wi-fus and bluetooth . and i want to use it with my 4 year old ipod , but the projector will not work with it . i have to borrow a newer model to get it to work . the major selling point of this product be its portability . i can not imagine hook it up to a computer or dvd player of any kind . the only way this product shine be when it be couple with a wi-fi enable device such as a ipod touch . it be only then that the m160 become a portable teaching tool . i could see this be use by coach , teacher , or anyone who have to sometimes give brief presentation . and i do mean brief . the lack of light strength and the tiny tiny speaker would make more than 5 minute use unbearable . for i personally , i plan to use this to explain new board game to my board gaming meetup group . instructional video on how to play game typically run 5 to 10 minute . perfect . this same idea could be use by other in similar situation . e.g. a coach who want to quickly show a short segment of a game post to the net in order to teach player . but be it worth it ? i honestly can not say . you have to judge for yourself and keep the limitation in mind . and definitely , without question , view this product as only half of what you need . a wi-fi enable ipod be necessary to make full use of the m160 .
403	Projector	POS	4	if you be in a situation where you have ambient light , or a large screen to fill this projector fit the bill . the important part be the six segment color wheel . a lot of dlp projector with this type of light output will cheat and use a seven segment wheel . the seventh segment be white . that increase the brightness but wash out the color and ruin the contrast . those that be sensitive to dlp `` rainbows '' will be very happy with the image quality . the projector support vertical and horizontal lens shift -lrb- critical for properly align the picture to the screen -rrb- , however it be a manual stick on the front of the project . zoom and focus be also manual by move two large ring around the lens . the build quality of the case be middle of the road , which be fine for fixed installation , but i would not recommend travel with it . give the price point of thousand less than compete projector those be fair compromise .
231	Projector	POS	4	my mother-in-law need a portable projector for a string of upcoming presentation she be go to be do . the requirement be simple : it need to be portable , it need to be affordable , and it need to be simple . this little guy be all that and more packed into a incredibly small package . the image it throw be crystal clear , and it be plenty bright to throw a 6 ' image up on a moderately dim room . the compact size and durability of the led light source make it ideally suit for travel . the price be remarkable , at least in my eye , when throw up against less-portable , xeon-bulb counterpart in the same price range . in term of simplicity , a single hdmus - -rrb- mini displayport cable -lrb- not include -rrb- provide idiot-proof connectivity to she macbook pro . there be only two con that i find noteworthy . 1 -rrb- the case that it come with be something of a joke . it be a thin neoprene zipper bag , just big enough to fit the projector . not the power brick and its cable . not the signal cable of any size or stripe . just the projector . and not very adequately pad for a expensive , relatively delicate piece of hardware . it just seem to be a worthless gesture to include a ill-suited bag . to remedy this , i pick up a  lowepro adventura 140 camera case  its not perfect ; i could stand with it be a inch bigger in any or all direction , but it hold the projector -lrb- in its include bag -rrb- , power brick and cable , and the hdmus - -rrb- minidp cable snugly , securely , and safely . the bag be well padded and come with a pair of movable divider for organize . if you do want to use this bag with this projector , i recommend remove one of the divider , as with both of they in there , it get too cramped . 2 -rrb- the tripod mount be worthless . actually , dangerous be probably a better term . give the projector 's size , it seem perfectly suit to be mount atop a normal camera tripod , and come with a mount that dubiously suggest such capability . the problem be that the mount be not structural . its just a hole mold into the bottom of the case , with a threaded brass insert wedge into it . typically you want to tighten down camera -lrb- or projector -rrb- to tripod ; do so with this projector will do nothing but pull the brass insert out of its hole . if you be to trust this , and not to notice the precariousness of the situation , bump the tripod the wrong way , or assume you could pick the tripod up with the projector attach could have disastrous result . -lrb- for those not follow : the projector would detach from the tripod , leave the threaded insert behind , still securely attach to the tripod . gravity would do the rest . -rrb- i have no remedy for this , as it be a structural problem , a design flaw if you will . it could be remedy by acer use a better threaded insert , or even better , use a insert with a plate that would be secure to the inside of the case some how , which appear to be how most digital camera work . this would allow the torque and force of the tripod to be spread across more area of the casing , without much impact to the design of the projector . bottom line , this be a great little projector ; just plan on pick up a decent bag to keep all its necessaries together , and do not try mount it to a tripod .
362	Projector	POS	4	i purchase this clock with the intention of use the soothing sound to fall asleep too . but now that i have this clock there be so many other feature i love about it . good : - two alarm setting that you never have to touch ! simply set you day and a time and the alarm set itself every night . no worry about forget to set it the next day . - soothing sound be nice to fall asleep to - projection clock be really nice . i think i would never use it , but i project the time on the wall , super nice ! - flashlight have a automatic feature that turn on if the power go out - self setting time , no need to program it bad : - very bright . it do have a dimmer , but it be not even close to dim . so if you be sensitive to light , be warn . i just turn my clock away and use the projection on the wall - i only like one of the four soothing sound , so it be not really bad , but i have higher expectation overall i really like this clock !
332	Projector	POS	5	this be a great buy for this quality . i have this setup in the basement with a 100 '' screen . wow what a difference especially with blu-ray movie . hd football be also super ! the position option allow lot of different placement and it be very quiet . this be the first piece of technology that have ever impressed my wife ! it be that good .
886	Projector	POS	5	this be a very good product if you look for a white screen love it . i have hear gray screen be better but if you look for white this be great for the price
137	Projector	POS	5	i love this little powerhouse projector . the image quality be great ! i have try several connection to the projector . usb thumb drive - i have test several - a new thumb drive with a small amount file on it work best . i load a couple of movie file and a powerpoint it seem to work fine with both . i plug in my trusty back-up sandisk that i purchase about a year ago , with several file , it recognize that it be a mass storage device but it do not recognize that i have any file on it . i take my micro sd card out of my android phone and it could see the file and folder . i could view office document -lrb- but it would not open up pdf -rrb- . i could also view video , music , etc from this . hdmus connection i have issue with the two android smartphone that i test -lrb- non-iphones -rrb- the problem be that you have to plug the device in before you start , if you plug it in after you turn on the projector it would go into search mode and not pick up the device . i project the image on my pale yellow office wall , with two light on , and i could still see the image clearly , it get better as i turn out the light . the window light still come in , and i still get a great image . so far so good . con : just one vivitek customer support be very difficult to get through to , and when you do they do not return phone call .
117	Projector	POS	5	this be a well make product that have excellent instruction and quality material . we be able to install this on a metal frame and it be very sturdy . it adjust to be perfectly line up with the screen . we have to remove it and then use it for another location and it be easy to remove the mount and replace it . customer service at vantage point be very responsive via email and help i get a extension via fedex ground in 3 day . i be very glad i find this company and product and have recommend this mount to friend who have projector . we have a optima hd65 and it fit perfectly .
877	Projector	POS	4	i get compliment on this screen every time i bring company home . my only complaint be it be slightly warped and a shadow show in bright movie frame , i do not know if it be always be there because it be so minor but it be annoy now that i see it . i have have it less then six month so it kind of piss i off for the price i pay . other than that , this screen be awsome !
545	Projector	POS	4	i buy the pk301 in the middle of january , 2011 . as everybody here , i guess , i have be watch hour and hour of youtube video and read thousand of word in review . in order to better help and explain my opinion to you , who be consider this projector , let i tell you keypoint : - i be a university teacher , and my main use be show simple graphic and text ; - my class have 40-90 student ; - most of my class be at night ; - i do not need sound and be not expect this pico projector to fill this task . so , yes , i can use it in a big room with 100 student . with the desk 5 to 6 meter away from the wall i can get a pretty decent big screen so they can easily read the text and see some graphic . -lrb- wall need to be white os whiteish - it be not good on a black-green board -rrb- . some people say it can not be use in a large room and i disagree . important : light need to be completelly off . i try use this during my morning class and , as expect , the lamp do not have enough lumen to make the projection visible at daylight -lrb- but i know it and it be not bad for i -rrb- . the `` fan '' sound , which a lot of people say be too loud , be not a problem for i . even in a quiet room its sound be not loud or annoying . i watch a movie in my living room and with the film 's sound i could ' t listen to the projector cooler system -lrb- no , the external speaker i hook it up be not very loud -rrb- . what else ... hum , it get hot , really hot after a 1:45 hour of class . i think it be normal and predictable . the first few time i smell `` smoke '' . it cease after the third time i use the pk though . my only warning be : the vga cable , after less than 2 month of light use be defective . projection get pink . if i hold the cable in as specific part -lrb- next to the ferrite -rrb- it stop . i have just send a email to optoma . let 's see how it end . i recommend this equipment , some of my co-worker buy regular projector and i see they carry heavy and elephant-like unit to they class . here in brazil we have a popular say for this . in english it sound like : '' -lrb- the other regular-sized projector -rrb- be cannon to hit a fly '' . imo , for class , the pk301 be dead on . do not listen to people say it have not a good resolution or it have a poor contrast . it be a pico projector . expect what be reasonable . i can live with it when i think i can put the whole set -lrb- remote control , cable , tripod , power-supply , unit itself -rrb- in my backpack add around 1kg to my back . bad thing overview : - obviously : poor quality vga cable . bad contact next to the ferrite . waiting for optoma 's answer . - remote control had to be bought separatelly . omg ... - tripod have to be bought too . seriously , optoma . do you really think you user would mind pay , let 's say , 15 dollar more , include on the price , for a `` full set '' include the damn remote and a tripod ? omg again ... - power supply could follow the portable mentallity , right optoma dude ? need to be smaller , but it be not bigger than the average one . - include cable be too short and have i alrady say tha one of they be defective ? good thing that make me smile overview : - extremelly light , portable and small - sport a execellent construction -lrb- at least , look like - feel sturdy ... -rrb- ; - recognize the input much faster than other unity i have ever see -lrb- samsung , epson , 3m and benq -rrb- . in 8 seconds you be ready to go ! - quiet unit ; - good resolution for its size ; - good contrast for its purpose ; - several cable include to make you start -lrb- hope no other break ... -rrb- ; - micro sd slot work pretty well , so you can really go portable , leave you notebook at home and save you smartphone 's battery ; i recommend this item . but optoma need to work with better cable supplier ...
846	Projector	POS	4	i but this projector after read many review and compare . first the shipping be super fast that surprised . when i open the box that impress because the projector be bigger than it look in the photo . it look good . the fan sound but not something that annoy . the vga connection be the best because i can go 1080p . the connection hdma do not really like because it not give you the option of go to 1080p just let i go up to 720p but it look good anyway . the only thing i want from lonestar be to buy replacement light , because i could not get where to buy they .
349	Projector	POS	5	i need a projector . since i be a speaker , i travel , so i need a small , packable projector . i read the review for several different small projector and settle on the optoma pk301 pico pocket projector . it have the balance of feature and size that seem to make sense , plus the price point be certainly reasonable . when it arrive , i be shock at how small it be . read a measurement be one thing - hold the tiny projector in my hand be quite another . when i connect it to my laptop and turn it on , any doubt about picture quality be immediately put to rest . this tiny projector pack a punch ! small enough to travel in my handbag or computer case , it be go to be the tool that go with i everywhere .
679	Projector	POS	5	excellent hardware . allow for easy removal without unscrew it from the ceiling . work great for the epson 8350 ! buy this mount without hesitation . very rigid and high quality !
126	Projector	POS	4	i order this to replace a elitescreen 100 '' pull down screen i be use . the screen itself be nice quality , although you notice when you pull it out there be some `` bubble '' in the screen towards the bottom . almost like a piece of paper that do not quite unroll right . with a piece of paper you can push out the wrinkle and it look right , but with a screen you can not hold those `` bubble '' out . it be hard to describe , but i place a light weight on the edge of my screen -lrb- clamp from garage -rrb- and after a week or so the bubble work it be way out . i leave mine down all the time . also the clip on the top you can place on hook be flimsy and if turn right will fall out . you can tell it be not as nice of quality as say a elitescreen but it be good for the price and it be the smallest screen i could find . i recommend it for other .
773	Projector	POS	5	i have always want a electric screen but cost have always be a factor . when i see the price of the favus hd 120 and comment from other buyer , i deceided to give it a try . the package arrive when it be suppose to and no damage to the box . the packaging be very good , to make sure contents arrive in good condition . the screen be up and run and the picture quality be excellent and operation be smooth and quiet . you do need two people to mount this screen . i didnt receive any actual mount instruction but be easy to figure out . i be able to find two stud to mount the screen to which give i a great deal of peace of mind . the hardware incl . doesnt seem in my opinion strong enough to hold the screen up . if you dont have stud to mount to larger wall anchor would be recommend . good buy , good price , excellent quality i highly recommend this product .
232	Projector	POS	4	i buy this projector 2 day ago , and i have to say , it be better than expect . i try it out with a photo slideshow i create on my laptop . the picture quality be absolutely satisfactory ; even in a room that be not completely dark . i save the slide show in mp4 on a sdhc card and have some start difficulty , because the the projector `` tell '' i that this format be not support . a phone call to aaxa 's customer service solve this problem in less than 10 minute . aaxa 's customer service be second to none . i reach a representative without have to go through painful step with a voice recognition computer . this representative send explain to i what the problem be -lrb- codec issue -rrb- and send i the solution , a link to formatfactory , by email in less than 5 minute after i hang up the phone . i convert the slideshow with this application and it work like a charm afterwards . tha p1 jr. be a nice little gadget , and in my opinion deliver a better quality than one would expect for a 100-bucks projector . a flexible minus tripod , mini usb to usb adapter , and av cable be include . it be easy to use , and i be sure i will have lot of fun with it in the future . the only con be , that it do not have a connection for external speaker . the internal speaker do not really cut it .
334	Projector	POS	4	we purchase this projector for use in the worship center of we small church building . the picture be very sharp , and we plan to upgrade we screen to a wide-screen size soon , and that will take advantage of the projector 's full capability . it be easy to use , easy to get set up . the color seem not to be as vibrant as the projector we just replace , however . the blues especially seem to be wash out . we may be able to adjust for that , but have not be able to figure it out yet .
464	Projector	POS	5	my husband and i be look for a affordable projector for we home theater and this fit we need perfectly . it be everything it be advertise to be and more . set-up could not have be easier and the picture be great - we use it for regular tv watch as well as movie . we have it set up on a 93 inch screen and everyone who have see it have be very impressed . thanks for a great product !
237	Projector	POS	5	i buy this to use in my home gym while run on the treadmill . i use the videosecu universal lcd\/dlp projector vaulted ceiling mount bracket black with 25.6 '' extension pole pj2b 1c9 to easily mount it from the ceiling and hook it to the onkyo ht-s3400 5.1-channel home theater system . the video go directly to the projector by way of hdmus from the sony dvp-sr500h 1080p upscaling dvd player and the sound go straight to the onkyo . i hook up the wii the same way except with a vga cable to the projector . i get the whole system here and it work great together . the sound cover the noise from the treadmill and the picture be bright enough to see on the 80 inch gray screen -lrb- for better contrast -rrb- even with the light on or the blind open . my wife use the wii fitness and love it on the big screen . the picture quality be good for both movie and video game and the gray screen add to the contrast and make the black blacker . i run it on the economy mode which use less power and be less bright but still plenty bright because i be only 18 foot from the screen . i do not think you can beat the picture quality for the price and even if you spend twice as much i think you would be hard press to tell the difference without both of they show side by side . if you want to improve this system i would spend the extra money on the sound . this be good for what i use it for but there be a much bigger difference in sound quality than picture quality between this one and the one in my home theater .
142	Projector	POS	5	it be a pleasure do business with the folk at slide central . they provide good info , the projector arrive pronto & it work ! thanks
65	Projector	POS	5	this projector have tremendous quality for its price . no , refresh rate issue , great resolution on vga hookup , focus and zoom work well , and lot of digital setting to get you desire color and size . only con be the video-in jack . this seem to be a bit fuzzy and opposite color that be close together : like orange and blue stripe : will sometimes blend in movement . other than that i be very satisfied : -rrb-
408	Projector	POS	5	this product be great , extremely well make , durable , rugged , attractive . full movement and rotation in every direction , with a removable extension arm so you can keep it closer to the ceiling or take it out in any angle and direction need . the product fit any 3 hold projector easily with every type of screw available , and adjustable once secure to fine tune the picture placement . the only thing to know be that this be very heavy metal , so be prepare to anchor it well to the ceiling\/wall . you can not go wrong with this product , i be very happy .
528	Projector	POS	5	we need this projector for presentation at we school . it be easy to connect and work well . there be a way to play image file directly from the usb drive . i wish it could do the same with powerpoint slide .
941	Projector	POS	5	this appear to be a oem part . the only difference between it , and its the unit it replace be that it take a minute for the bulb to get to temp and the color to balance out . that might be just i be picky , the fact it be still pretty new , or that it might indeed not be a exact replacement of the original . i like the original . it still function , but its light be pretty dim -lrb- particularly in dark situation with the light in the room on -rrb- so the replacement be nessisary -lrb- i get full life and they some out of the lamp and it still fucntion -rrb- . it will be a emegency backup if something happen to this lamp . i recommend it to anyone with the approprate unit . i have a gt700 optoma -lrb- that i also buy from amazon -rrb- .
963	Projector	POS	5	very easy to set up , sound great ! . i have 10 ' ceiling and a `` l '' shaped room . i do not want to go to all the trouble of install tradional speaker . i be please with this product !
236	Projector	POS	4	honestly when i buy this i be not expect that much , but i be prove wrong . this little projector be awesome with only a few flaw . pros-price - good picture quality - hdmus output at 1080i - portable for class presentation cons-speaker volume can not be control that i have find , mean that if plug into a source like speaker through audio out jack you will get that crackling noise you would expect if the volume be turn up load . . but most of the time it do not happen . . just a little of the time -lrb- % 5 percent of the time maybe , but it do happen from time to time -rrb- - when i connect my laptop to it the screen flick on a off on projector side no matter what setting i mess with on the computer side -lrb- everything else work fine ... ps3 , xbox 360 , roku xr box , apple 's hdmus a\/v adapter with ipod touch 4 gen plug in , and other laptop -lrb- just not mine -rrb- all in all it be a good projector for the price . the only game i have play on it be cod mw3 , dead island , and mlb the show 11 . . but all those game work and look fine on it . the only problem i have run into be that my laptop just do not like to output to it for some reason .
150	Projector	POS	5	have this screen for about 5 month now . awesome product . everyone be surprise about how economical this screen be , but same quality as the expensive one , and more low profile than a lot of the competitor .
647	Projector	POS	4	compre uno de estos proyectore , anteriormente tenia otro de tecnoligia lead , pero este era muy pobre en imagen , sin embarco el rio led , resulto un proyector muy bueno , de hecho lo he utilizado para karaoke en un bar , con grande resultado , si bien es cierto le falta un poco mas de brillo a la lampara , su imagen es muy buena , incluso en ambiente con algo de luz , definitivamente lo recomiendo .
81	Projector	POS	5	this mount appear to be very well make , but it would not fit the projector that i have purchase . it look like it only work for the smaller size projector . i have to return for a refund and order a new mount from another site .
627	Projector	POS	5	just like everyone else i do my own research for week . be debate on a 1080p device or 3d ready device with 720p . come down to this sucker and i aint look back ! personally i like be amaze and on top of be amaze i like save money = -rrb- . that be say this be the perfect projector for i to get because i of course take advantage of its 3d processor ! i buy the viewsonic vp3d1 converter and it work great ! i first test it out with my xbox 360 but have some trouble at 1st because my output setting be at 1080p and this device -lrb- viewsonic vp3dus -rrb- only read 1080us . once i switch the setting to 1080i the projector also allow the 3d option to turn on . as far as the quality of this projector its brilliant ! good for day and night setting . color be awesome and quality be good as well . use through hdmus port which native be 720p 20mhz but with the viewsonic converter it automatically convert it to 1080i 60mhz . only when its actual 3d content will it then display it at 720p 120mhz . as far as the glass i buy the optoma dlp lnk hz1 . my testing be still not complete as i still have to get a blue ray 3d player . im very impressed and satisfied with my curent set up . in all great 3d home theater set up for $ 1k
554	Projector	POS	5	while not as impressive as the surround sound room upstairs , it make a excellent compliment to any tv -lrb- 46 '' sony xbr bravia in this case -rrb- in a room that you do not wish to fill with speaker . add a sub-woofer , and the sound be excellent ! i would also suggest wiring the sound from you satellite , dvd\/blu-ray directly to the sound bar as i notice the sound slightly out of sync with the tv if you run it from the satellite and\/or blu-ray\/dvd through the tv and then to the soundbar . i could not justify pay retail price for this soundbar , but at $ 430 i feel it be a bargain and well worth the money .
479	Projector	POS	4	i buy this as a christmas present for my husband who love electronics . use will be for gaming with the wii -lrb- until we kid we older and he get that ps3 or xbox he want -rrb- , and movie blue-ray\/dvd watch purpose . my kid be thrill with the idea of a `` movie theater '' in we game room . i be impress with the picture for the price i pay , and no , it be not hd , but it be pretty cool if you ask i -lrb- as a electronics novice -rrb- . he say , great picture , very bright . some difficulty in find the component to vga cable - it must be order off the internet . right now , he be just use what come with , and be still fairly happy with it . picture be pretty clear even with three window in we game room - even better in the dark\/at night . we be very pleased with the product , for the price . he have no idea what i pay for it , but seem very impressed . rate lower ease of set up due to find cable , etc. but if you know ahead of time what to order , you should be fine .
537	Projector	POS	4	i find this mount when look for a economy mount for my classroom at school . a strong and stable mount , it have not move since we install and aim it . my one concern be that the product ship without instruction , but we school engineer who have hang mount before have no problem install it . zif not tfor the lack of instruction , it would have easily get 5 star !
29	Projector	POS	5	buy this to function as a home and business projector . we have only use it at home . it be pretty much fool proof ... just plug and play . we have a concrete wall with a ton of texture . the paint color be probably eggshell . it be be really clear . i do not even notice the cinder block line while view the movie . apparently it be make to go on any surface . i do purchase 3 yard of black out fabric -lrb- white drapery lining -rrb- for $ 5\/yd online . if you google\/youtube how to make you own screen , that be what they use . it be 60 '' wide . anyway , i have not use that yet , but i suspect it will be really good since this projector do great on we textured wall . it do not get hot and you do not have to -lrb- at least i do not see that anywhere in the instruction -rrb- wait for it to cool down before turn it off . the case be not great ... it be just a neoprene or something similar that you have to slide in sideways vs. just drop it in from the top , but as long as you have a safe place to store it , it do not really matter . the sound be good for use in we very large open ceiling room , but i have it about 2\/3 of the way up and it be not extremely loud . we have very small child , so it be not blast as i know many people like it . so , if you be plan on use it outside , and you like it really loud , you might consider add some extra umph . oh ... and some people mention this , but it be at least decent with all the light on ... and on another night in the late afternoon ... before the sun go down it do fine . of course , nothing like have all the light off . it be a real pain that the remote do not have a backlight . it do not sound that bad when i read one reviewer say that , but in reality , it be a total pain . i hope epson update that some how and make it available for purchase . a remote mean to be use in the dark with no backlight make no sense at all . overall , we love it ! i be sick because the price be $ 499 when i first see it and the next day it have jump to $ 592 . have not go back down since . ca not wait to use it outside .
153	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this projector 2 month ago and it have already break on i ! have maybe watch 10 movie on it top and now it be not turn on . when i speak to customer service about this issue they be totally helpless and insist that i pay they $ 75 to send it in and have to inspect it . i find this totally insane since i have hardly use it and clearly this be a poorly make product . if you be consider get a projector do not get this one . they have awful customer support and cheap product .
61	Projector	NEG	2	i really though i would like this product . i have do everything i could to do so . it work fine with my i-touch , not at all with my 20010 mac book . technical support have be completely unhelpful . they actually tell i after i wait 48 hour for they response to see the faq section on they website , as if i have not think of that before contact they . that be most of the sum total of they support . i be quite upset and unsure of what to do wit this product now . return it seem the best option . the only redeeming aspect of this product as the size of the product and the fact that it work on low wattage be perfect for someone like myself who like movie yet live off grid . the manual to hook this product up should have a mac section . the manual be pretty terrible . i own other optoma product . i do not plan on buy anymore . i guess product warrant the positive review it get if you have a pc
684	Projector	NEG	1	the picture quality and quiet operaton of this projector be outstanding . the problem be the pixel have start die out now and i only have 387 hour of view time on this unit which i buy back in january , 2011 . i be go to contact amazon and vivitek and see if i can get it replace . i 'll let you know how i make out ... ok , so it be january 21 and still no rma number from vivitek to return my defective unit to be repair . they have the worst customer service ever ! i explain my dilemma to amazon and let i tell you , it be the best customer service i have ever encounter ! they understand the problem and send i a new replacement of the exact same model by next day air . and when i have to return the old one they even pay for the shipping . amazon will definitely get my business in the future . well done amazon !
52	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this projector for my rotary club . unfortunately , do not test the project in time to send it back in the allotted time frame . the problem with the projector be that the image project be not bright enough . i try work with the manufacturer , even send it back to they for repair and pay $ 75 to have it check out . when the projector be return there be no improvement in the brightness . the manufacturer still insist that be the best they could do . we club eventually buy another projector , the brightness do not compare . the projector sit collect dust . i want every rotarian in the world to know this .
975	Projector	NEG	1	up \/ down mechanism break after 90 day . favus will not return my call even though it fall under warranty . incredibly disappoint in the company and the product . the lack of any customer service be appalling . they do not even bother with a automated service . when you call the help number , it ring and go to voicemail ... as if it be a personal cell phone ... be there a `` no star '' button ???
977	Projector	NEG	1	buyer beware ! after only 10 or so use , white dot start appear all over the screen until finally you could not see a thing . when it be work tho , the image quality be fine , although it need close to zero light in the room to be enjoyable . so buy this only if you have a really dark room , only need it for about a month or so , and have money to spare .
196	Projector	NEG	1	we purchase a benq pb 6100 . if the overall quality of the projector be fine , such be not the case of the lamp which blow up in less than 6 week !!! and worse benq do not honor they international guarantee and the support center do not respond to the email for exchange the lamp -lrb- price 400 $ ! -rrb- . overall a very poor support . my last boxlight lamp be still run after 4 year . this be my first benq but surely the last . a strong suggestion , do not buy benq .
625	Projector	NEG	1	i so want this to work . it would have be quite useful in we darkened basement for sleepover and such , not to mention take on vacation . the picture , though , be far too fuzzy to enjoy , and no amount of focus could bring it to clarity . maybe i have a dud -lrb- i do buy from the warehouse at a discount -rrb- , but i be just not impressed with clarity . that say , the ease of use be phenomenal . just turn on , plug in , and play . if you can deal with the fuzziness it might be ok for you . for a couple hundred more , i would prefer just to get a 42 '' plasma for my basement .
897	Projector	NEG	1	ok , this be not a projector for a office , a classroom , and definitely not for a die-hard videophile for they home theater . the `` pt '' in the pt100 stand for playtime , remember that . but , for shear fun , you can not beat the bang for you $ $ $ fun factor you get from this projector ! i have it set up in my basement project onto a 80 '' projector screen with it connect to a old surround sound system for a very inexpensive but awesome movie theater-like experience ! it easily connect to my wii -lrb- pretty much design for a wii since it be not hd -rrb- with the one yellow composite video cable to my wii and the two audio cable go to my receiver . the movie i stream through netflix look really good and the surround sound make it all the better for the full theater experience . with all the light turn off , it look awesome ! -lrb- light , even small one , quickly degrade and washout the picture -rrb- . warning : do not bother use the projector 's internal speaker since it be horrible . also , forget about use this in a room with window , sunlight will make the picture impossible to see . for these reason , do not buy this projector if you do not plan on using it for games or movies in a very dark room with external speaker ! if i have plan to use this in a room with any ambient light and without surround sound or for actually want to be able to read fine print such as use it for a computer monitor , i would have be totally unhappy . overall , buy this for family fun in you basement . this be not a replacement for you tv in you family room but it be well worth the money if use within its limitation . update : after 9 month half the pixel die . the lamp may last but the lcd display die and you end up with a doorstop instead of a projector .
925	Projector	NEG	2	my concern with this projector be that it be very marginal for my intended use . the resolution of the projector be only 800 x 600 and when project smaller type figure they project so fuzzy that they be almost unreadable on the screen . epson 's tech support be very good however and they isolate the problem for i and finally suggest that i need to upgrade the projector for what i be try to do . for someone want to use the projector for power point presentation with very large letter it would be ok or for project just photo or video it work ok . for my use however , i buy cheap and pay the price in it be utility .
795	Projector	NEG	2	i purchase a 3m portable projector last year . the cable that connect to my pc usb drive appear to have malfunction and the supplier do not have the replacement , which be strange . without that basically i can not use the projector
411	Projector	NEG	1	i purchase this unit , and it run well for 500 hour . after that the ballast begin to fail , just a few month out of 90-day warranty . now it be at $ 600 doorstop . many other people have have trouble with this projector die on they ; just google around a bit . avoid this model , and cheap infocus projector for that matter !
906	Projector	NEG	2	i 'll start this review with a disclaimer . i be a geek . this mean i do a ton of research on the pk301 pico projector from optoma before purchase it through amazon . in theory , it be a cool toy . however , some basic production fault sabotage any realistic use of this projector . i initially purchase it as a special effect for halloween . i record a ghostly movie , tweak the movie with some after effect , and be mean to rear-project it into some dense fog or onto the house window to scare the kid . here be what i run into : - the projector come with almost no instruction other than `` here be the power button '' and `` check out we website for accessory . '' - the resolution of the projector be cut almost in half if you do not have it connect to a external video source -lrb- tv , laptop , etc. -rrb- - the cable that come with it be poorly make , and cram into the packaging . the laptop-to-projector cable that come with my initial order be break . - when i ask for a replacement cable , i be send a refurbish projector and be ask to send the new one back . thankfully , amazon do not care if i switch the cable , and i return the refurbish one . the moral of the story be , if you buy a brand new projector and it do not work out of the box , optoma may replace it with a clearly used\/refurbished projector . for $ 300 + , that be b . - the battery life be around 45 minute . keep that power cord handy . - the projector be very picky about exactly how the video file be format . do not expect any drag-and-drop here . you 'll need to download a third-party program like handbrake to format you video into mp4 at a specific bit-rate and size , because the projector come with no software . - the speaker sound be about as loud as cheap earbud . unless you be sit right next to it -lrb- with the little fan blow in you ear -rrb- , you 'll need external speaker to hear anything . important ! - after 3 - 4 hour of playtime , the screen develop a burn in the middle . this burn must have be on inside reflector , because i could not clean it off . it be so bad and so black , i could not see the on-screen menu to play anything . thankfully , i be able to return it . pro - look neat when you can get it to work . con - poorly construct . - bad customer service from optoma . - spec give for resolution be under very specific circumstance , and not what you would get out of the box . - need to download specialized software from third-party company and have knowledge of video editing to convert video before they can be play . - burn up after 3 - 4 hour of continuous playtime -lrb- aka cooling fan be not good enough -rrb- . final verdict - avoid this product and wait for the next model . maybe they 'll have solve the cooling problem by then .
676	Projector	NEG	1	it be my own fault for not try it and return it immediately . when i get this i wait around two month before i even plug it in . however , it have never be able to sync with either of my two pc , a vista and a window 7 . i be very adept mechanically and can not figure this out . i have use many projector , so i be surprise this one just seem enigmatically complicate or it be simply just a mechanical reject . the lamp fire up , the fan purr , yet no matter what i do to get it to sync , all i get be a pale blue screen that read `` not synce . '' duh !!! tell i something i do not know . and ... there be no manual , no online documentation , download or forum . i have contact favus entertainment and i 'll let you know what they solution be once they get back to i . advice : : : pay a few dollar more for namebrand quality . i be afraid i be out $ 250.00 -lrb- price in 2010 -rrb- . a expensive lesson ...
722	Projector	NEG	2	not bright enough for use with light on . poor battery life -lrb- and further dimming when on battery -rrb- . cheap packaging -lrb- china , inc. -rrb- and no case and no remote . need a odd mini-hdmus cable -lrb- also not include , and you likely will not have it -rrb- . return in exchange for a small lg projector , very glad i make the switch . but the device be adequate , it will project a low resolution image .
486	Projector	NEG	2	the ad say high quality but i be not impress with what i receive . i do not install the lamp and return it because of two reason . first of all the tape-like seal on the plastic cover to metal casing that say `` no warranty if seal break '' be indeed break . secondly , the unit be not enclose at the front of the lamp which would mean if the lamp go out and explode like they do , the shattered glass would be scatter inside of the tv . this lamp , unlike the picture , have a square glass cover in a round hole . this be not my definition of `` high quality '' so i return the lamp . i do receive a full refund with no problem , however i do have to pay for return shipping .
233	Projector	NEG	1	i receive a lightbulb that last about 2 week . i pay to send the light bulb back . the second light bulb i have receive in the mail be break . i have to pay to send this 1 back as well . the third bulb that they send i work for a bout 20 seconds before it melt my projector . i have lose the cost of shipping and the cost of my projector which have to be replace . three bulb b , a ruin projector and shipping cost . this company be expensive to do . business with . and of course they be not responsiblefor the damage thier product cause .
79	Projector	NEG	1	impress by review i get this projector but very disappointing ... it have scratch all over the body cover more than that project get over heated and get switch off every 10 min : -lrb- : -lrb- : -lrb-
496	Projector	NEG	2	it be not worth much more than $ 20 . the wire from the computer be stronger than the stand and projector together . i be embarase during my presentation when when the stiff connect wire would flex and the lightweight projector would fall over . image project be very dim . do not try project if there be any sunlight in the room . what good be a slim carry bag for just the projector if you have to carry all of the million of cable and part include in another case ? spend the extra money and buy the real projector . thank you to amazon for they great return policy !
106	Projector	NEG	2	this unit be outstanding if you do not mind spend $ 300 every quarter on new bulb . i use pt-ae900 for less than 3 month -lrb- less than 400 hour -rrb- w \/ normal picture setting and fan speed ... and then the bulb burn out . panasonic 's tech support line be joke . i spend one hour try to get a human be on the phone who could process my warranty . i speak with five people and only one mention 3 months\/500 hour warranty for the bulb . however , he be in commercial area not consumer and tell i to call yet another number . the bulb be suppose to last around 3,000 hour but in my case it last six time less . if you plan on use this projector as you primary video output , do not waste you money and spend a little more for a plasma . at $ 1,999 this unit be a bargain until its real cost catch up - a additional $ 1,200 per year .
577	Projector	NEG	1	this do not work with my ipad1 . no video whatsoever appear on a external monitor . never buy asian crap again .
436	Projector	NEG	2	use my computer hdmi out to mini hdmi cable i test this device for a week . i set up the projector on my camera 's tri-pod and project against my bedroom wall . at 1920x1080 text be unreadable . the only resolution where you can read text be the native resolution of 848x480 . however this resolution be so small its hard to see much on the screen at once . i test hd netflix , dvd , blue-ray disc , slingplayer hd stream and hulu . the picture quality be ok . i see a few rainbow effect and text and subtitle be hard to read . not be able adjust the location of the projector , i be force to project a picture size of 8ft x 5ft . and due to where my chair be , i might have be sit too close . so be able to adjust the picture size smaller might of help . biggest issue 1 -rrb- you can not use the item with you light on , or any light source on in the room . even with my computer monitor on , i notice a big difference in picture . 2 -rrb- fan be very loud when 100 % brightness be and plug into the wall power . 3 -rrb- 848x480 be small 4 -rrb- 1920x1080 text be unreadable 5 -rrb- move the projector be require to adjust output image . even with all the issue , lead projection like this be the future . cheap , small , and good quality -lrb- with a little more work . -rrb-
151	Projector	NEG	2	i have a mitsubishi hc1500 projector in a somewhat light controlled room for the last 3 year . it finally get hit my a south alabama lightning strike and fry the circuit board . i pay about $ 600 for the mitsubishi refurbish but almost new and think that $ 600 now would get i at least as good a projector three year later . wrong . the optoma be noisy and the image not nearly as sharp as the mitsubishi it replace . the deal breaker , however , be the fact that the optoma could not hold the signal come from my blu ray player 25 ' away . the mitsubishi have no trouble lock on the signal . the optoma would display the image , then flash the screen white for a second then lock onto the signal again , then loose it once more . i guess that if you just want to game with this projector then it would be fine . i return it promptly to amazon for a trouble free refund . -lrb- thanks amazon -rrb- . i be now look for a different projector . no more optomas for i .
893	Projector	NEG	2	i love the size but , picture quality be lack and i buy mine so my wife could use it at school in a room with the light off . i guess there be still too much light because it be impossible to see . i should have save my money . great concept just not bright enough
728	Projector	NEG	1	could not read basic type from a computer monitor . totally illegible and pointless . i be expect a cute little energy efficient projector that at minimum could show email and such in meeting but this thing be useless .
910	Projector	NEG	1	i have have about 10 different projector in my home so in many way i know what to look for and how they compare against each other . this model have very poor otb color calibration and even once calibrate with some basic tool it still do not look as good as my hc4000 with the factory setting . the smell of burn plastic all the time for the first 100 hour be finally too much and i finally send it back for a full refund . be it bright ? yes . be the contrast good ? yes . do it blow off heat big time and make noise ? yes . be it a pain to calibrate ? yes . in the end be it all worth it ? nope . the picture on my w1200 be far superior to the w6000 and it can be have for $ 899 these day online . maybe this pj be great in 2009 but there be several better choice out today . thought i would love this thing but i be sorely disappoint .
424	Projector	NEG	2	i buy this projector because i though i look cool , when i receive it the box look like if it be cheap , when i open it it look very nice . when i turn it on the menu be a little hard to work , and the room have to be very very dark to get a clear image , and also the image quality be not good . i end up return mine and they customer service suck .
578	Projector	NEG	1	everything seem fine and normal . i pop the bulb in and it work ok for about a hour before it start to overheat . i have a bigass fan sit around so i open the window and point it at the projector . it last another month and finally burn out with the bulb lifespan of only 72 hour . amazon have be awesome in assist i with my return and full refund . i be mail the bulb back as we speak .
158	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this projector because i want a complete projector and dvd player that would fit in my living room . epson boast of get a wide screen project from as little as 6 foot away from the wall , so i think this would be perfect . they even show picture of it be use on a coffee table to project on the wall . well , when i get it up and run , i discover that to get the picture at a appropriate height , the projector itself have to be almost five foot in the air ! plus , with the dvd player eject to the rear of the machine , you can not mount it against the wall . so , to use it in you living room -lrb- or anywhere -rrb- , be prepare to have it sit at a height of 4 to 6 foot high ! there be dial that allow for picture adjustment , but even with these fully utilize i need to prop the projector up on some book -lrb- the leg be not adjustable -rrb- , and still at a height of four foot , much higher than a coffee table , and so high that when sit down , the projector itself interfere with you ability to see the project image ! now , the picture and sound itself be fine . but the design and execution make this product unusable for i and for many people in similar situation . try it out before you buy !!!
912	Projector	NEG	1	my unit be manufacture april 2011 . i think that , be lead , i would have one less source of problem ... i be right , since the lead do not die . but the unit stop work in the middle of a movie . since its dlp , i think that the spot on the screen be due to the mirror stick at a specific position . i be not sure what go wrong , i never use the audio of the unit , but the day it die i decide to plug the output of the cable tv receiver -lrb- a\/v out -rrb- , and use a headphone . but the audio be intermittent , like something be digitally mute it on low audio level ... now , after power it up , only appear some ` random ' bright dot . no drive mount on the usb -lrb- maybe try a firmware update might bring it back to life -rrb- . by read other post , and watch how many question samsung actually answer on they site , i know my headache be just begin .
146	Projector	NEG	1	have be able to use mine for about 40 hour . after that it fail to respond to any input from any source . contact benq and they say there be nothing they could do but send it in for repair since they have be have problem with these unit . send it in and get it back . it work once during a test preparation for a presentation but once again fail to acknowledge any input when turn on the next day during the actual presentation . contact benq and they say i could have it repair -lrb- be not repair last time -rrb- or receive a refurbish unit -lrb- someone else 's problem -rrb- . so be work on my third round , maybe i 'll be lucky this time . it will be my last benq product . i can not recommend the product or company .
86	Projector	NEG	1	be differnt then what the picture be and the discription get no responson from the seller still
587	Projector	NEG	1	i be so excited to get this projector , but i be on my second one thus far , and needless to say , i be not happy at all . the first qumus i receive work great ... for one day . after that , it do not matter what device i plug into it -lrb- blurry player , ipad , iphone , xbox -rrb- , or in what order i plug the device in , or in what order i turn on the devices\/qumi , or which hdmi cable i use to do it -lrb- i purchase several and try they on to no avail -rrb- , i repeatedly and consistenly receive the `` no source found '' message . needless to say , i be not pleased , so i send the unit back and request a replacement from amazon -lrb- who have be nothing but great throughout this horrific process btw -rrb- . guess what , i receive the replacement in record time . guess what , same hdmus handshake issue . these unit be either not build well or vivitek 's quality control be abysmal . bad customer service as well . there be get to be something better out there . very dissapointed .
952	Projector	NEG	1	shift3 light blast entertainment projector  and of course just my luck the store only give you 30 day to return a defective product so now i be stick with 2 non work projector , also to my surprise there be no info on trouble shooting on line anywhere !!! my only option be to go after the manufacture `` merchsource , llc '' and try to get a refund or exchange .
39	Projector	NEG	2	i purchase the optoma pt100 playtime lead gaming projector not as a gaming projector , but to project my computer screen for team meeting . the quality be barely satisfactory , but usable when first turn on . the quality diminish the longer the projector be on , within the first hour the quality be so poor we could not continue with the presentation . amazon make it very easy to return this product .
280	Projector	NEG	1	these bulb be junk . the first one i buy blow in 3 day . they send i a replacement -lrb- projector world -rrb- and it blow within 10 minute of install it . do not bother try to save money , it will be a huge pain in the long run and you 'll regret try to save any money .
525	Projector	NEG	1	same problem that everybody else be report . i have one for about 3 month and it start blank , so i return it for another . this one have work for about 6 month and it be now do the same thing . basically you turn it on , and within 5 minute , the picture go black . if you pull the plug and restart it , it 'll come up again . the problem seem to be get worse , as for a while it would only require 1 restart , and now it have be require 2 or 3 . i do notice the 2nd one 's test pattern be now yellow and blue , instead of white and black , which be apparently because of color streak which would be all too visible on the original test pattern . this seem pretty dirty of panasonic . on the plus side , the image be fantastic when it work .
