index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
14	Video_Games	POS	5	people kewp ask `` whats isn so special about this game ? they think its stupid . ask most of they `` have u play it for more than two hour ? and most will reply no. . animal crossing have bad graphic and sound . all n64 japanese port have that charicteristic . what make animal crossing special ? 1 . it have a enormous amount of stuff u can do 2 . it come with a slew of classic nes game 3 . it be real time 4 . its not the sims !! its not supposed to be real !! -lrb- hech , all ur neighbor be animals ! 5 . it dosent easily get repetitive -lrb- play for short incriment each day . this way , u wont `` burn out '' and you can play for year and see all the cool new stuff each day . 6 . it come w \/ a free memory card 7 . its only $ 20 buck !
896	Video_Games	POS	5	works wonderful and at a great price . have for 2 month now and still not a issue yet ! bring one set and be so impressed , come back and bring a second set !
431	Video_Games	POS	5	my first thought the build quality be very nice . the sound in black op . bad company2 . etc. . in one word ... excellent . if you be look for sound cue to get the jump on other in a game , these heads-phone work great . test with a movie as well , also very good ... have not try they with music . overall i recommend they highly , the price be very good for the quality . no problem so far . .
165	Video_Games	POS	5	i have not play this as much as i have part 1 , but it seem pretty much identical as far as gameplay go . there be some thing like bandit lair hide around and the ability to get marry -lrb- have not try much of it yet -rrb- . there be only one thing so far i do not like , friendly soldier have icon over they head that can block you view when try to use a bow . other than that , no complaint so far .
757	Video_Games	POS	5	if you be angry about the violent and sexual content in this game , there be one easy way to make it all go away ... . do not buy the freak game ! it say right on the front of the box , rate m for mature , ages 17 and up . if you buy this for you 9 year old and you catch he blow up hooker , it be you own fault for buy it for he . and by the way , about the hot coffee mod ... if you kid can go on the internet , search around enough , find the mod , download it , and install it , then he be probably be look at porn already .
750	Video_Games	POS	5	this game remind i of the original , which i play as a kid . the graphic be update and nintendo have add a new twist , master quest . master quest can be play after defeat the game the first time . it follow the same story as the original but be quite a bit more difficult to solve . overall though , the game be just as great as the original on the n64 version . if you have a 3d , get this game .
102	Video_Games	POS	5	flight simulator 2004 its great . . so much fun and educative , this f 2004 run great on my vaio laptop with the logitech attack 3 joystick that i also buy for it , which i highly reccomend it for this purpose . . i have be use f since 12 or 13 year ago . . i remember my brother teaching i some very helpful basics lesson about navigation and all that stuff since he be a private pilot . . this 2004 f have lot of improvement from the 98 f . . its more of what i expect . . i which they have include the airbus 340 but its ok . . b777 and 747 be very challen . . you will have a lot of fun and a lot of learn from this software . . 5 star for f 2004 , and great service from amazon too . .
987	Video_Games	POS	5	i have a ball ! co-op mode be a nice surprise as well . just by it , you 'll love it . and you get free cake at the end ...
229	Video_Games	POS	5	the bundle pack be the way to purchase this item and wait until to see the best pricing ! it be well worth it .
959	Video_Games	POS	5	i have 6 kid from 1 to 9 . this be the best game ever , in my opinion , and everyone in my house can play . we have band hero -lrb- and 2 or 3 guitar hero game -rrb- but my oldest 2 be on different level and it be frustrate for my oldest son . the younger kid can not even play at all . we also have 2 ddr game , but they require too much setup and my little kid step on the mat while i be try to play . the older kid get annoyed wait for i to finish so they can play something else -lrb- even though they be not even think about the wii til i start play . -rrb- with this game , 4 people can play with remote , and everyone else can play along . the baby even bob he body to the beat . when people come to visit , they always want to play this game . and it do not matter if you know how to play or know how to dance . anyone can just pick it up and play . it be great fun .
618	Video_Games	POS	5	some of the best star war game in one set . it just need kotor 2 and maybe the lego star wars but , a over all good vaule at 40 buck or less .
580	Video_Games	POS	4	great graphic , build on the tekken series . vast array of character from which to choose and the storyline version be fun and different . more fun for single player while all of the best of multi-player battle remain . great fun with friend and the older kid . obviously , with any violent game , parental discretion need to be there as to the appropriateness of the game for various age .
804	Video_Games	POS	5	this be a great product that my 4 year old son love . he really like car , especially race car . this product have a number of fun and educational activity to do before putt putt can enter the race . my son love the race at the end , but he never rush through the activity , because he have such a good time do they as well . he particularly like have to go to the garden maze and find different fruit and veggy . i would highly recommend this product .
637	Video_Games	POS	5	i realy love this series year ago and i still do ! they havent make anything that i be aware of that come close to these history base game . i will say that the other reviewer mention the xp mode on seven . i have seven and its the home premium and it do not have that option . i have find that if you change the setting on you display and disable explorer it seem to work ok . but the compatability mode suck ! color be off as it say . i wish they would make a seven friendly version ! so buyer beware no window seven for these games it look terrible ! other than that grab you xp machine , you internet connection , and you friend and have a all day marathon buildin ' and killin ' !!!!!
150	Video_Games	POS	5	i have play this game multiplayer mode extensively -lrb- about a hour on average since february 22nd when the game be release -rrb- . my favorite part of the game + the multiplayer mode operations and warzone which allow all of the class to use they ability , which for the most part be not fully utilize during a guerilla warfare match . + the campaign with the  playstation move sharp shooter  + the multiplayer have all of the class that bfbc2 have , and additionally 2 extra class , which btw counter each other -lrb- tactician and infiltrator -rrb- . thing that need work - map repetitiveness . every time i play in the multiplayer mode , i be stick with the same map -lrb- no voting during guerrilla warfare and warzone -rrb- . if i choose that i prefer a map , i may be stick play against 1 to 3 player . the multiplayer map should be rotate every week in my opinion or allow voting which be allow in the operations mode . - the sharpshooter can be a nuisance on a limited few mission during the campaign -lrb- towards the end of the campaign -rrb- . - long initial start-up -lrb- loading -rrb- time . overall , i be still have a lot of fun play this game . a lot of my psn friend will not buy this game because of the science fiction theme -lrb- and complain when they get meleed by a infiltrator -rrb- . they be wait for  battlefield 3 - limited edition  i be not a big fan of science fiction game myself , but the audio , video , and the way this game come together for i do everything right . i be anxiously await for the  killzone 3 steel rain map pack -lrb- online game code
625	Video_Games	POS	5	give i just the space i need to play in my small apt . i be stand at , -lrb- practically on -rrb- my couch before it would notice i . after install i get to stand in the middle of my living room when it find i . so yeah , good buy
448	Video_Games	POS	4	fallout new vegas be a great compromise between the older turn base game of the past , and bethesda 's new first person take on the setting . it combine the upgrade in technology , with the stronger writing of the original game . one of the big problem i always have with `` fallout 3 '' be that it be miss a lot of the trademark humor of the original game , and everything seem a bit `` off '' for the world . with `` new vegas '' fallout again feel truely like fallout , have member of the original team do the writing , develop the npc , and so on be a good idea . this installment also seem to better empathize the rpg element of the game as it be a bit more difficult to create a `` perfect '' character who can do everything , especially early on . what be more there be more `` hard '' stat requirement for certain thing make it so that only very specific type of character be go to have certain option . it encourage thought , specialization , and of replay the game to experiment a bit more than the previous installment do . i can however see how those who be not into rpg , or shooter fan who feel `` fallout 3 '' be too rpg-like be go to feel the opposite however . the voice act for this installment be also pretty good , include both michael dorn -lrb- `` worf '' , `` from star trek : the next generation '' , and a voice-actor veteran from fallout 2 reprise he role from that game -rrb- , and felicia day -lrb- from `` the guild '' , and `` doctor horrible 's sing along blog '' -rrb- in the role of one of the companion who can join you on you travels ... both of whom do a decent job . i also feel that the general cast of voice actor and the backround chatter be better than other `` gamebryo '' game like `` oblivion '' and `` fallout 3 '' in general . what prevent i from give this game a full 5 star be both the requirement of use `` steam '' for drm , and the number of bug . give that this engine be use for both `` oblivion '' and `` fallout 3 '' and this paticular game be under development for 2 year , i really do not see much of a excuse for some of the problem this game have accross all platform . overall , i think the bug be exagerrate by enraged fan , who be both irritated with the track record of `` obsidian '' and how nobody have manage to clean up this engine despite it be use for three game -lrb- and on the verge of retirement -rrb- , however they be present and can be quite annoying . nothing you unlikely to be able to deal with by save with some frequency -lrb- as most player will do anyway -rrb- , but you still go to probably reload a few time due to improper spawning of something , or get a differant `` level up '' perk from the one you select somehow . these thing be be fix both quickly and successfully it seem , but the bottom line be that there be no excuse for this . if you get this game a month or two after release chance be the bug complaint be go to be a non-factor , since they really be do a solid job of fix the game -lrb- which be why i still go with a pretty high rating -rrb- . it be still unexcusable condition for a release though . the bottom line be to not expect this game to be `` forever break '' because of the initial report . in just the time it be be out there have be vast improvement .
609	Video_Games	POS	5	this game be great ! my mom do not care for it but you could do anything you want like cast spell , buy item , travel to diffrent place -lrb- which be awesome cuz you get a huge map ! -rrb- kill people , eat food , join guild , make friend , choose and create you own charcter from diffrent race , and more ! i would consider buy this game if you do not have it -lrb- but i would recommend the game of the year edtion because it have expansion pack not say this one be bad or anything but the other one have more place and no more blurry road -rrb- but mine keep freezing so i have to save frequently but i just think its either my game disc or my xbox .
673	Video_Games	POS	4	i have a 6 year old and she can dance to this . you only need a wii remote per player up to 4 , no dance pad need . it be easy to do & fun . very basic & it be a good workout .
512	Video_Games	POS	5	my son love this game . he have be play it everyday so that mean he really like it .
282	Video_Games	POS	4	when i first start it be way easy , but i still like it . my favorite part be when we can dress she , do hair , make-up and nail . i love to watch the movie at the end that show how they look . i be 5 and i have plave this game a lot ! -lrb- type by mom -rrb-
562	Video_Games	POS	4	this game be fun , a good addition to my small kinect collection that only consist of `` just dance 3 '' and `` kinect adventure '' which come with it . it be fun , work great . can not go wrong . also purchase the other season of this game too so i could have more sport to play . it be just as good . worth get if you want something more to do and love sport
324	Video_Games	POS	5	i have play it befor it be a good game
335	Video_Games	POS	4	my daughter and i be huge broadway fan and really enjoy play just dance so we be eagerly await dance on broadway . at first , i be a bit offput by the relatively bad rating compare to just dance . i think this be because it be a different kind of dancing . instead of the frenetic movement of just dance , most of these song be a lot slower and require more measure and control movement . also , the game be not as sensitive and have a less refined score system . as for the graphic , there be not any trouble for we to see the dance . the outfit be also kind of cute on the avatar , and it be a welcome change . i also think it be a pretty good aerobic workout if you be willing to move you foot and actually follow the dance ! if you do not move you foot , yes , you will probably will not get as intense a workout as you would with just dance . 4\/5 because you always want more song .
764	Video_Games	POS	4	this game come on the estimate delivery date and in new condition as describe . pretty decent game , maybe a 7\/10 . i have no rpg for ps3 and since i play a previous star ocean title on ps2 , think i would give this one a shot .
689	Video_Games	POS	5	first time play both these game , i enjoy they very much . gow i be simply amazing with pandora 's temple . very well do . gow ii be a great game but loose some of the luster that gow i have . however , gow ii do prepare you for the highly anticipate gowiius -lrb- which i can not wait for -rrb- . either way , this be a steal . two great , great game at a reasonable price . enjoy .
733	Video_Games	POS	5	we upgrade to the 3d after the hinge break on we original ds . have a hard time find a decent replacement on ebay so try the use amazon route . get a good deal on a very decent use one . my son love it . better than he think he would . the 3d can be turn off . and the change control be not as much of a bother as he be worry they would be .
678	Video_Games	POS	5	i think this game be great . great feature , option , gaming ability , spectacular level , and good graphic make this game a fun one to play ! although it may not be what you would expect it to be if you have play the game , it be still fun . if you like disney 's hercules -lrb- game -rrb- and x-man mutant academy , you might like this . it be a lot like hercules and sort of remind i of the x-men game due to it be special feature and the thing you have to do in the level . anyway i think this game be good and it be also for harry potter -lrb- game -rrb- lover although the hp game be not really what i expect it to be !
944	Video_Games	POS	5	i be a 50 + woman who have always like video game . i can sit for hour and play a ea sim game . that be the problem -- sit for hour . we wii be new . my arm be very sore from play tennis for the same hour i use to sit nearly motionless with a computer game . this be a good thing for someone my age . finally ! something to do with my retirement when it be rainy and windy and cold and i be stick inside ! i love it . we only have the sport game now but i be go to look into other . anything that be best play stand up and move around ! i have no complaint . i know that the novelty will wear off eventually , but that be true for almost everything in life . we be on the fence about buy this system for a long time -- if you be as well , just do it . you will be glad you do .
354	Video_Games	POS	5	for the past 6 month , i have be alternate between just dance , just dance 2 and michael jackson the experience . this game be the perfect follow up to that training as it challenge i while also build upon the dance skill i have acquire . love it !
313	Video_Games	POS	5	i be hype for this game because i be a classic ne fanboy . the haunting , but simple blip and bleep s of 8-bit soundtrack remind i of the comfort of youth and the happiness of new game , if not any fond family memory , of which i have none . nintendo be my best friend and babysitter in my early teens and go forward . now , i be usually leave handed but i adapt well to the control scheme and beat this game on level 7 intensity . it sound simple and boring , a rail shooter mix in with some ground combat . but it be not . also , the nonstop dialogue be entertaining and go on almost every moment of every level , and be silly . it be great , i be currently obsess with multiplayer online combat and get 100 % completion of the game , i be not too far off . there be nothing more satisfying than conspire with friend about a win light vs. dark strategy and then destroy some poor japanese kid .
366	Video_Games	POS	4	this game be a blast . if you like dynasty warrior , you gonna love this game as well . you can customize you own character and play in historical mode . unlock player as you gain rice point and play they on story mode . awesome move set specially the one by kunoichi . only thing that this game lack be graphic and wius remote and nunchaku controller be not really recommend to use on this game . classic controller be easier to use and make gameplay easier . overall , i strongly recommend this game and i guarantee high satisfaction you will get from this game .
220	Video_Games	POS	5	great game , great support from blizzard in get it to run on my new imac .
595	Video_Games	POS	4	absolutely love this game !! i do not know why people complain about the wiimote and nunchuck , because i think they be quite compatible as controller . the graffic be terrific as be the storyline , and if you be not use cheat , the game be just difficult enough to keep you interested , but not so difficult that it drive you nut and you give up , and chuck the wiimote at you poor hdtv . i really love the little village ; they be so quaint and charming -lrb- you have guess it ; i be a chick -rrb- ! the only thing that i dislike about the game be the end : you can not go back and free-play after the grand finale . -lrb- i be hope to return to the cute little village and make link & zelda `` create '' little sword-and-shield-yielding baby ! ; -rrb- ha ! -rrb- unfortunately , this kind of end be typical of zelda game . why oh why ???
591	Video_Games	POS	4	overall the game be very good but i do not enjoy the game as much as i enjoy tale of vesperia for the ps3 the battle system seem kind of awkward to i compare to tov and the character seem more childish in my opinion . i still love the game and i hope we get all the dlc the japanese version have on the na release soon . thumb up namco bandai ! .
741	Video_Games	POS	5	thise game have no perpose at all but it be addictive . you can play for hour try to get money to pay off debt or get cool furnture . this game be a must have for any gamecube . without it no gamecube pack be complete .
183	Video_Games	POS	5	the puzzle piece you have to collect can be somewhat challenge to get to . the time manipulation be very unique and fun . the story be strange and dark , but interesting . the only thing i do not like be the game be a bit short and the optional star you can collect be extremely annoying . there be a star that require you to stand there for hour wait on something , literally do nothing . and if you minimize the game it take 10x longer . and if you wait too long the thing you be wait on disappear . another star can not be collect if you do something already , and it can not be undo . so you need to restart the game if you miss it .
737	Video_Games	POS	5	we first question be what would we do in this game ... that question be answer fairly quickly : try not to get hurt while horseback ride through a canyon with the ground fall away underfoot , while try to catch the back of a train . woody then take off on the mission to save orphan from a runaway train . buzz lightyear give lot of encouragement . then the game go to a short interlude while the toy story character be around a game board while the pig tell the story of the first adventure . he get a lot of encouragement and criticism . this game board be where you start the game after the first time . the graphic be simple but very please . the two player mode be a split screen so two player can go off in they own direction play it which be really useful since the 2yo and 5yo have vastly different idea of what they want to do . one thing they both like though be throw thing at each other , include ball , cow , and alien . in the toy box mode , my teenager laugh he head off and have a good time play this game . the first time he laugh outright be when he give a pharoah hat to a alien who be then walk around like a egyptian . my 15yo also enjoy customize building . it look like you be just wander around but then mining pete give direction to find gold and then another toy tell you to paint the town . at some point people need a haircut and you can do funny thing to other toy . the reward for complete task be immediate and gratifying . -lrb- the 15yo be disturbingly entertain by the ability to throw alien . -rrb- comic mischief be one of the tag next to the e for everyone rating . yes , my 15 yo do laugh himself silly while he be return the cow to the pen by drop they off a cliff above the pen . there be plenty of comic mischief for everyone . fairly early on , you start to be able to buy car , building , toy people , zurg 's spaceport , and even , zurg . in fact , the toy box mode seem more about acquire and arrange thing than solve a quest . the game be generous with the coin which be need to buy building and character , open up new challenge . when you buy a building , a work area open up for a minute or so and a crane show up . then the wall come down , the building be in front of you , and you get firework . people offer you job , like mini-game and you have to figure out how to solve they . it be a little disturbing to have game play interrupt by a commercial tell the child thy be now able to make purchase in the store but it do not disturb the child . it be probably a little like cereal commercial in they life , somewhat informative and thing to think about . this be a wonderful game . it entertain everyone from the 2yo and 5yo , to the teenager , to the adult in my household . there be lot of laughter .
191	Video_Games	POS	5	i have have a couple of wireless controller in the past - from pelican . the logitech wireless controller be light year ahead of those that i have use previously . the analog acurracy be exactly what be require by gamer and do not leave you frustrate from input that you do not intend . also the d-pad be great . you will not be disappoint with this item . also it do not interfer with my 802.11 b wireless network .
477	Video_Games	POS	5	ps3 version come w \/ dlc 's and you will be amaze at the detail and story along w \/ the gameplay of this game . . if you have never have the honor to play mass 2 then please take my advice . . buy it
929	Video_Games	POS	4	i 'll start by say how surprised i be to see the amount of negative review this game have garner here . sure-prince of persia : the forgotten sands be not perfect , but for the most part it be a very solid and fun play through . if anything , the only real disappointment of the game be it be unremarkable last gen graphic . it be pretty safe to say a game be fun when a player start the game all over again immediately upon its completion . that be exactly the case for i with prince of persia : tf . i have even consider a third play through . it be that fun and addictive . make no bone about it , i be a huge prince of persia fan . `` the sands of time '' be still one of my all-time favorite game . that particular entry be about the closest thing to perfection i have see in a game and the two follow up game `` warrior within '' and `` the two thrones '' be for the most part great to play as well . then come the 2008 title `` prince of persia '' for xbox 360 and ps3 which be beautiful to look at but unremarkable to play . `` prince of persia : the forget sand '' be a welcome return to the prince 's earlier root and i enjoy this one exponentially more than the last entry . what i do miss from the last game however be the graphic . in comparison to the 2008 prince of persia , tfs be a fairly large step backwards graphically . this game look as though it might have be perfectly at home on any of the last gen system . outside of the cut scenes-the graphic be pretty mediocre and surprisingly bland for a series know to graphically wow the player with each outing . and -lrb- as a side note -rrb- what be up with the ugly black glow around the prince in certain area ? `` alan wake '' have this same graphical weirdness . i truly hope this be not some new trend in video game graphic . it look really ugly and out of place and do not do the game 's already so-so graphic any favor . one of the forgotten sands most notable characteristic be how `` player friendly '' the game be . it be not overly difficult or frustrating -lrb- outside of a few section with freezing and unfreeze water at the very end of the game -rrb- and combat be very straight forward and easy to understand . also-the game do a great job of let you know where to go and what to do next . it be also well paced-switching back and forth frequently between combat and platform so neither mechanic get too dull or repetitive . there be a few tradeoff to this more player friendly prince however , and that come in the form of less nuanced combat mechanic -lrb- combat have devolve somewhat into mere button mashing -rrb- , easier puzzle and less challenging `` trap '' area . this be most definitely a more casual prince experience than previous games-but that be not necessarily a bad thing . sometimes it be great to just sit back , relax and play a great game that do not expect the world from you . that be say though , `` the forgotten sands '' be not at all shallow or forgettable-quite the opposite in fact . new ability like freezing water , reveal past area , a cross chasm jump ability involve you enemy and upgradable elemental power add a lot of freshness to the prince franchise . these new play mechanic go a long way to revive the pop game play we be familiar with and add a whole new level of fun and technique . the water freezing alone make for some absolutely brilliant and completely original area the likes of which no prince of persia have see before . of course classic try and true pop mechanic make they return as well include wall running , column hop , time reversal and even a couple of mechanic introduce in the 2008 game . prince of persia the forgotten sands be perhaps not the most graphically finesse game it should be consider the gorgeous last installment , but it be definitely a return to the brilliant fun play of the last gen trilogy . i be eagerly await the next prince installment where hopefully both the game play and the graphic be truly up to par with the current console generation . regardless though , this be still a absolute blast to play and should not be pass up under any circumstance . ps : one last thing i want to comment on be the length of the game . several people have gripe that the game be too short . true , the game be only about six or seven hour in duration , but that be not a bad thing . not everyone have 30 plus hour of free time on they hand to sink into a video game . the forgotten sands be a great experience for all seven of it be hour , so why do it matter how brief the game be ?
781	Video_Games	POS	5	this be my first game for the wii . i buy it because of the great review and be not disappoint . there be plenty do do , lot of place to explore and thing to collect , and so far the challenge -lrb- battle and minigame -rrb- have be ok . some of these require several try to complete , but that be to be expect . the complex sequence -lrb- where do i go from here ? -rrb- that come up be pretty obscure , but help be available all over the internet . even with a good walkthrough , the game be plenty challenge for my ability . in fact , i be stick at the part where you escort a wagon that get set on fire . every time you lose at this task , you hear the scream of the girl inside be burn alive . this be too much for i . the control for the wii be intuitive for the most part , and i have be able to adapt to the rest . although some people have complete it in relatively short time , it be more fun for i to take my time and explore .
783	Video_Games	POS	5	i have play the other 3 sport game for kinect and this one be by far the best . the reason why it be the best be because of the interface . it be easy to navigate the game . the other one have horrible menu navigation . my kid -lrb- 5 & 9 -rrb- have trouble navigate the other game . also the sport you play in this one be perfect . bowling be by far my favorite . i be curious to see how well the brunswick bowling game will be when it come out in march 2011 .
393	Video_Games	POS	5	this game be really cartoony \/ arcade . super fun though to have the legend vs the new guy ... awesome animation ! much fun !
398	Video_Games	POS	5	pokemon crystal be the best game nintendo have release for the gameboy color system ! it be the first pokemon game that allow player to choose whether they want to play as a boy or a girl trainer !! this be something nintendo should have do before ... anyway , crystal have the best animation of any pokemon gameboy game i have see too , and it only work for gameboy color . although this game have not be release in the usa or canada to date , i have play the japanese version . even without full understanding of the game i have fun play it ... graphic , color , storyline , pokemon to catch ... it be all fantastic ! buy pokemon crystal today and you wo not be sorry ! you 'll have a blast ! -rrb-
214	Video_Games	POS	5	my son love 's it so much and so he friend , that almost all of they play with this headset allow they to play on ` silence ' mode and we do not hear a bit when he be play .
27	Video_Games	POS	5	the critic be all wrong . the game be amazing and help a lot to lose weight !!! do not pay attention to the review from the specialize journalist . we , the gamer , love it ! -lrb- ... -rrb-
133	Video_Games	POS	4	it be a very good product but it only can be ship within u.s. , so i can not buy it
71	Video_Games	POS	5	order from totalconsole . receive the microsoft brand dongle with driver cd and instruction in a plain white box . again , what i receive be the microsoft brand dongle , not a third party receiver . it connect to my controller and everything work just fine . exactly what i want .
759	Video_Games	POS	4	i buy this controller to use with a sne emulator on a mac . after a quick and easy set up the controller work really well . it be not as well construct as the original because it kind of feel cheap but it work well and be a good enough value to merit 4 star . btw - it work for classic ne emulation as well but i find the postion on the a and b button to be just different enough for i to splurge for a classic ne controller .
326	Video_Games	POS	5	i do not know about you , but ps controller give the worst blister know to man . i finally find this one , which not only do not give blister , it be wireless ! best of both world !
60	Video_Games	POS	4	its great ! but the driver send with it be crap . mine didnt have any lead light on it like other do . install be horrible but it be actually the controller i be use ?? go figure . i dont know why it didnt work with it . thankfully after screw with it and struggle for hour , i switch out the controller and it work great . it deserve a five , but for some reason my emotion make i give it a 4 . call it a gut instinct .
245	Video_Games	POS	5	i recently get this game for my 2 girl , age 5 and 3 , and it be one of they absolute favorite ! they love the `` strike up the band '' song at the beginning and have it memorize . they love choose outfit , groom the animal , and decorate the float . they ask to play this game all the time ! i highly recommend this game for any girl !
735	Video_Games	POS	5	yo . when i have a ps1 myf freind have a ` cube , so i buy a ps2 . let i tell ya honestly , there be no comparison in grafix . -lcb- gc -rrb- ps2 -rcb- i buy a cube too 'cause ps2 have the better game and ` cube have the better grafix . if anyone say that the game be kiddy , well ... i like them still !!! how han someone straitface say mario be dumb ?!?!?!?!?!?! and if yu dont believe what i say about the graphic , a quick spec comparison ought to set u strait mama mium ! mario say xbox smell !!!
244	Video_Games	POS	5	i play this game at my friends house and it be the best ever . i could not stop play this game . my favorite animal in the game be the polar bear . i freeform mode because you have unlimited money . i also love the giant panda !! beaver be interesting beacause you can watch them build their dams . love this game !! i would reccomend this game for ages 7-adult !!! bye !!
597	Video_Games	POS	4	this game take place between the first and second prince of persia of the sands of time trilogy , the game be a little to short -lrb- 10 hour maybe -rrb- and the combat be not that great , but still i have a lot of fun play it , the platform be great and fun , and the visual be amazing . there be a challenge mode and free dlc available for uplay member -lrb- register to uplay be free and you a able to get dlc and award for ubisoft games like assassins creed 2 and splinter cell conviction -rrb- . this be the first prince of persia i have play , and it be very satisfying , i have replay it a couple of time to unlock all achievement and award .
594	Video_Games	POS	4	it be a little confusing at first , but i do not read direction so that my fault . if you have a metal case for you dsus it will not fit in unless you take it off .
716	Video_Games	POS	4	this game be fun . it be certainly not a great game but it be a fun game for a 10 or so hour ride to get a platinum trophy . the no fear of heights trophy be a pain in the ass and take i around 50 try but i finally get it . i hate trophy that be base on pure luck . it be b.s. however , when you get it you be totally pump with excitement . the gameplay be redundant and i find myself use the same combo for 90 % of the game . later in the game i mostly use the butt\/body bounce to weaken the enenmy then a quick slash to finish off the zombie . the boss be not difficult at all but this game go beyond the three time boss fight to win . one boss -lrb- zed , i think -rrb- take like five time to hurt , then another four of 5 time to finish . sheesh , that be aggravate . this game be rate mature 17 for a reason ... definitely not for kid -lrb- even though they probably already hear it all -rrb- . there be lot of sexual innuendo and juliet be quite provocatively dress ... especially if you upgrade all costume -lrb- seashell bikini -rrb- . there be panty peek the entire game with one trophy be look up juliet 's skirt . it be not gross or demeaning it be in the realm of a college party movie like animal house or porky 's . the game make i laugh out loud at a few point with the silly college humor . i would rate this game around a 7 or so because it be fun . it take at least two play through -lrb- or chapter select -rrb- to platinum . i have to do it a few more time because when gather up trophy and collectible after the initial play through , i should have play on rank mode . i do not figure that out till the second play through so i have to do all the rank chapter again . my bad . you live and you learn . in my opinion this be certainly not a $ 60 game . i would be a little peeved if i payed over $ 30 . i do , but then sell it and it wind out cost i around $ 11 . perfect !!! the game be break up with minus game which be just fill but mostly still enjoyable . during gameplay , try to be sure and hit all the correct button in the qte for collectible wrapper and extra gold coin . it be need for some trophy . one other trophy which at first be a pain be go medal racer . it be not that hard once you figure out a plan . when it come to the part that split left and right i stop , line up with the coin on the lower level right and bam ... one try get everything safely and avoid the fall building . after many try it be simple once i figure that part out . i be pretty sure you will enjoy this if you arent expect a top notch game like uncharted . it be light hearted , college fun that occupy you time for 10 + hour . story be ok even though i really do not pay much attention . there be 6 chapter plus a prologue . there be no save besides auto save . in rank mode you must complete the entire chapter without get kill or you need to start from the beginning of the chapter . use you health -lrb- lollipop -rrb- and sparkle wisely and sparingly . i do not recommend start rank mode until you be comfortable with the controls\/game for this reason . you will be really upset if you get 43 minute in and then die . yes you will have to start all over . that sux . you need to learn combo for maximum point to beat dad 's score in rank mode . it be not that hard once you get use to the game . i do recommend this game but wait until the price drop or buy it and then flip it on a auction site or here on amazon . if you be not expect a whole lot you wont be disappoint . the soundtrack be also quite good so enjoy that also . have fun ...
516	Video_Games	POS	5	as i fight and claw my way through mortal kombat 's deception konquest mode , i keep one thing on my mind , to free my queen sindel . i admit that visit earthrealm , netherrealm , orderrealm , and my favorite chaos realm be interesting , but mortal kombat be all about kick butt and look at sindel 's perfect butt . it be good that the old classic character be still around . who would want to pick up a mk game without sub-zero or scorpion ? and even though i never really like tanya , it be good to see she still kick it , but i so much prefer the hotter and sexier mileena , kitana , jade , and liu mae . i do not spend too much time with the chess or tetris game . i like to beat the boss in arcade mode , and i be still try to get through konquest . some character can be purchase outright in the krypt , other must be unlock through konquest . i wish i could just buy sindel , but if i could i would not play konquest , and i guess the maker have that in mind . the level , fatality , and boss do not disappoint in this game . the imagination and gore be still a big part of the mk series and in deception there be no disappointment there .
638	Video_Games	POS	5	i would say this look good ; it seem to be add a firework show feautre , and a major game downfall be no show outside of the cinema . it should be good .
731	Video_Games	POS	4	have not beat it yet but be be a fun game to play\/waste a little bit of day light with . if you have a little bit of cash lie around go for it !
242	Video_Games	POS	5	amazing , still not up for sale , and i will admit i be one of those 8 hour ago hit f5 . what a bunch of crap . i have to admit if they do not go on sale before the end of sunday morning , i will be a bit frustrated with amazon.com
636	Video_Games	POS	5	let i preface this with i have be a sims player since its origional incarnation with maxis . since ea take over i have be sorely disapoint . the relevance here be i be by no mean a ea fan . origionally i want to get wii fit plus , but do not have the 90 $ for for the board and everything . my daughter and i enjoy play the sports game that come with the wii . however , i buy the wii for its exercise aspect and the sports game be not cut it for i . so , i look around and decide to try ea sports active : more workout . the wii board be optional , but i do reccomend get the ea active accessory pack if you do not have the leg band . i have be pleasantly surprise . the control be very well design and easy to use . i really like that for the sport activity -lrb- i.e. water skiing -rrb- there be a video tutorial with a real person go through how to use the wii-mote and engage in the activity . the second time through it give you a option to review the tutorial or go right into the activity . which be nice since you ar not stick wait for the tutorial to finish . also , the next time you do the workout you can view the tutorial or skip it . if like i , you have physiological issue which make some activite difficult or impossible you can skip they without some kind of ` penalty ' . you can create you own workout or select one of a wide variety of preset workout to do . now , i mention my daughter . she turn six in march . the video tutorial be super helpful for she . she be able to participate with minimual fustration at learn the wii-mote and how to engage in the sport activity . she thuroughly enjoy the island workout we do . anybody with a younger child know how difficult it can be keep they actively engage . the island workout combine exercise technique and a variety of sport in a way that keep she interested for the entire 35 minute we work out . we both like the journal and its various atribute . specifically she like watch the graph populate and be tickle to get a trophy . i like the calander and its customizability . when we finish we initial workout my daughter look at i and say ` mommy , can we do another one ? ' i would definately reccomend this product to anyone look for a exercise game for thier wii , whether it be for themselves or as a family activity . as a matter of fact , i already have reccomend it , lol . i be tell my best friend about it and she ask i where i get it and to e-mail she the link !
985	Video_Games	POS	5	along with my new gtx 580 , battlefield 3 arrive with beauty and non-the-less hour upon hour of pulse pump game play . overall , the game be beautiful , the game play be fulfil , and my new video card run the game as smooth as butter . thanx amazon !!
508	Video_Games	POS	5	the 4g will get you start `` be the controller '' but the hard drive be come up a little short . to have less wear and tear i like to upload the game instead of the hd spin constantly read the disk yet , the hd be too short for that . the 250g might save you entire system in the long run . in turn save you $ $ $ . the new slim have have no problem with `` red ring '' since november . btw
812	Video_Games	POS	5	i use this to get around the `` bad '' sound quality of the easycap and it work like a charm . but you will not get surround sound , if that be what you be look for . all in all great product .
627	Video_Games	POS	5	i be very happy because everything wa great , thanks a lot ! i recomend you for everyone , i hoppe i can buy with you guy again !
51	Video_Games	POS	4	i get this off steam during a 75 % off sale . it be 10 buck down from 40 so i figure why not . i have never hear of the game so i be not expect much . gameplay : excellent mechanic , similar in this respect to god of war , prototype , and onimusha . however it feel less repetitive than prototype , not that it actually be less repetitive but i find i do not grow bore as quickly as prototype . on pc this game be a port from console . overall the port be good , but no third-person console port will ever control as well on a mouse and keyboard when the game be design with a gamepad in mind . i go out and get a xbox360 controller . this basically nullify the issue with it be a port . controller be easy to set up and the game run great with it . so for game like this on a pc just bite the bullet and buy yourself a gamepad . do not worry , the mouse and keyboard will still be superior on fps 's for a while still . graphic and artwork : texture be fairly low resolution , and the engine be base on age technology `` dx9 '' it be not bad for what it be , but it be definitely limit by it be console origin . the artwork be excellent . a big congrat to the modeler , sculptor , texture artist and particularly the art director `` whoever that may be . '' the overall design be very cohesive . there be nothing outstandingly original here , the heavy body and armor thing have be do to death ever since gears of war and quake , and the over size buster sword have be abuse for well over a decade . however , i find it all integrate well into the game and it be not distract `` i find the heavy armor in gears of war distract . '' modeling and character design be top notch , i would love to see what this team could do with a cut edge engine and some tesselation . story : should we even bother talk about this ? totally derivative . however the voice act and animation be excellent for a video game . story segment fit seemlessly between sections\/levels and despite how contrived of a story it be , i find i enjoy it . i give this 4 out of 5 star . i actually think it be more of a 3.5 but 3 be definitely too low . this team put out a original title and succeed in entertaining i . i look forward to the future of this series and hopefully we 'll see some more originality , push of technology boundary , and attention to story next time around . i definitely reccommend but 40 be a little steep .
827	Video_Games	POS	5	i hate halo until i actually play it ! i could not understand all the hype , but this game have a graple story and great gameplay . its intrest how cortona be distressed because she be a machine and its impossible but bungie pull it off . i be die for halo 3 to come out , and when i get it and beat the story i be 100 % satisfied , although short it be okay because you can always replay and find something new every time or go to multus player ! really a great game and dont go by what anybody say about this game one way or the other . if you unsure rent one of the halo game and decy for yourself whether you like it . you might be pleasntly surprize ! but my overal thought of this game be amazing , so check it out and decy if you want to finish the fight !
895	Video_Games	POS	5	this game be so fun i play it for about 2 hour when i get it . it be a very fun game the big ball be one of the easiest challenge
376	Video_Games	POS	5	yeah that be what make i by this game , that , and how hype up it be before even the 360 be launch . gears of war be a 3rd person shooter that be far different from any i have ever play before . while it be a shooter , and while you do chop locust be half with chainsaw , the main objective in this game for i be to learn to take cover . that be what make gow different from all these other shooter , you have to learn to take cover , or , you will die . you main button to use in this game be the a button , you run , roll , dive , and take cover use this one button . yes , it take time to get use to , but once you get it , you get it . the graphic be some of the best 360 have to offer with the best aus ive see in a game . enemy be smart , they flank you , and if you dont attack when they want you to , they dont wait for you . the suspense be mind bogogling -lrb- yes i dont no how to spell that -rrb- . look up above cover and see this big , locust thing runnin at you with a gun bigger than you body will make you wet . the game be hard , but it never get old . i cant really recall ever get angry at this game , it be just to fun . so if you like shooter and dont have this , its a must have .
559	Video_Games	POS	4	i buy this , it work great for literally 20 minute , then it stop work . manage to get it work again after mess around with the driver and now it work perfectly fine . for the hassle i go through to make it work , its worth the price , you just might have to play with it a bit to get it work .
488	Video_Games	POS	5	i originally play this game at my aunt 's house , and immediately everyone start participate , and try to solve the puzzle with we . i always have great memory watch the show grow up , and this game truly capture the very essence of what be so fun about the game show . one of my favorite add-in in this game , be that you can use you own wii character , and by hold the `` 1 '' or `` 2 '' button while hit one of the arrow button , you can animate you wii . the emotion they display be hilarious ! the best part about this game be it be ability to unite people together . my parent come over , and have not play a single video game since the 1970 's pac-man day , and they actually pick up the wii remote and start to play along with i ! believe i , if my parent be willing to play and have a good time , then anyone will enjoy this game !
818	Video_Games	POS	5	this product meet all of my need and then some . follow the instruction be easy to program the remote to match my tv , dish network dvr , and my ps3 . since i use the dvr set the most , i be able to program part of my tv remote along with the dvr remote under the same function -lrb- excellent feature for learn specific remote function and customize a remote -rrb- . the only con be the button be a little small , but that be just to get use too . best remote for ps3 owner who use the ps3 to watch movie .
791	Video_Games	POS	5	i buy this for my 5 and 7 year old girl , and we have 5 boy between 4 and 8 at we house and all of they love this game . very fun and aerobic , and all the adult love it too . i recommend it ! great for family night !
421	Video_Games	POS	5	kasey 's review : this game be awesome . he be 11 year old and the first night he play it until 5:00 in the a.m. when he mother have to tell he to go to bed . he love the game . i hope this help !
1	Video_Games	POS	5	do a good job , the led 's let you know when the battery be fully charge . it be small and do not take up much space . from what i have be read about the other charger on the market i would say it be safe to buy this one .
270	Video_Games	POS	4	great game for history gamer . the control be easy to adapt to , i be able to start play right away . my only issue be that it be very hard to move up a level and each level be much more challanging than the last . but overall a great game .
26	Video_Games	POS	5	fast lane stuff be criminal , and really should have be illegal . the pack be small , expensive , and contain nothing interesting or terrifically useful . late night be incredible !!! all i have to say , be that the game be exciting , fun , and definitely fill with amazing thing . buy it , enjoy it , and make sure you play it . con : it do lag a little , as it be a big add-on to you computer .
246	Video_Games	POS	4	this product be great for get the full flight experience . if turn up the weather scenery and graphic airport weather and the water look almost as high quality as flight simulator x. the only thing that i be bume about be no concord !!! . i think that if its go to say 100 year of flight the concord should be in there . the plane selection be very good though with plane rangee from the wright flyer to the boeing 747 400 also lot of airline to choose from ! . tip go to denver new tokyo airport narita i think and princess julianna international airport those be some high detail airport . overall this be a very good product .
732	Video_Games	POS	5	we love the game , but then we live less than 90 minute from disney world and we go frequently . if you grow up watch disney movie , you will love it , also . especially when you wife\/mother\/daughter \/ sister be sing the song !
865	Video_Games	POS	5	roller coaster tycoon be a game that you build you own theme park . it might look boring , but once you start play it , it be very fun and creative . this game 's get lot 's of cool ride like corkscrew rollercoaster , inverted coaster , swine ship and gravitron and more . and there be lot of mild ride and shop like car ride , space ring , gift shop and pizza . this game be creative be because you can almost do what you want to do in this game . for example , you can make a vertical loop go through a vertical loop when you build a rollercoaster . but there be also some problem . you have only two kind of objective in this and that be makeing guest come two you park and increase park vaule . this might make the game boring but you have to accomplish these objective in different park situation . like you have lot trash in you park or something like that . i give this game 5 star because it , s very creative and with a little imagination you can build a park that even you be go to be suprised !
25	Video_Games	POS	5	ok , so i be a little skeptical about how well the fan in the xbox slim actually compare to the previous xbox . i be scare that the same old over heating problem would continue so i look into buy a cooler . now since ive learn not to tilt the xbox vertically and keep it horizontal , that it should be just fine . it do do fine , but i have my xbox in a entertainment center in a small compartment . so , just to make sure consistent and proper flow be circulate in my xbox i purchase this cooler . it do a reaaallllyy good job just make sure the flow continue . it continue to cool when the xbox turn off and be usually on for about a minute or 2 . after hour of use -lrb- movie or game -rrb- the xbox be still cool ! great buy . id buy again ! try it out if you have it in small , enclosed area just for proper circulation !
662	Video_Games	POS	5	the move component fit securely , work perfectly , and the ss itself seem very durable . a little dismayed that hardly any instruction be include , but after try it out on kz3 , it seem like every time i be think `` it would have be better if they put a button for this right here '' , and then press that button , they already have . admittedly , instruction that tell you where each hard button map to would have be nice , but since these be configurable from within the game software , i see why they be not . if there be anything that would improve the ss , it would be a usb input so you could charge the controller in the gun . take they out to recharge be a nuisance . have say that , i would not be surprise if there be one and i just have not find it yet , but that go back to the lack of instruction i suppose . for support shooter game , i can not think of any other way to improve on this product . it fit nearly anyone from 6 - 60 , 3 foot 30 pounder to 6 foot 200 + , be intuitive to use and appear to be build to last . a add bonus be what look like a mount rail on the top for future optics upgrade . eventually , i foresee one of my boy paint it in a camo pattern , but it be form\/function perfect right out of the box . now once sony correct the move controller drift issue , i may even be able to win a round in kz3 once in a while .
140	Video_Games	POS	5	this game be fun and challenging and also make you pay attention to what you do . i buy the game and there be no problem with it
169	Video_Games	POS	5	i receive the wii yesterday for my birthday and i be way older than normal child , but i be still a kid at heart ! i have so much fun bowling . yippee !! i hurt my back -lrb- not with the wii -rrb- so i could not play any of the other game , darn it . my little family would not let i . while i recuperate these other game be build some great anticipation . as soon as i be feel better , i will be play all of the wii sport game and on the hunt for more fun and game ! everyday be a adventure and the wii just make the adventure better ! cindy
300	Video_Games	POS	5	my daughter love this game !! she have a great time play it and it be a great price . happy with everything .
962	Video_Games	POS	5	i get this for my 18 year old for christmas , however all the oldy overtake the game , she didnt get a chance to play , it be great fun , huge laugh and excellent work out . she now have it and say she enjoy it too .
713	Video_Games	POS	5	this game be absolutely amazing and fun . the move control translate you motion precisely on the screen as if it be in real . for those who have play wii-sport or wsr , know how it work : you waggle and it translate to can animation . but this be totally different and let you play use real motion that translate to motion capture animation . check out this video compare move to wii and you 'll see the difference . -lrb- ... -rrb- also unlike wii sport game this game work both for casual and hardcore with increase difficulty and depth . so casual can play easily with assist but for those who want more there be plenty of depth to master .
100	Video_Games	POS	4	basically , thie xbox be really quiet only if you be not play game , if you be just changge you setting or set up thing that be no disk inside , you can barely hear the fan , but once you put the disk in it ! omg ... freak loud , i think i be the only one , but actually no , my other 3 friend who have the halo version , 250 hd version , all have the same problem , and you have to put this xbox horizontally which i stronlgy recommend , because the fan on the right side of the xbox be hot as f \*\* k. when you be play over half hour , after test 3 popular game -lrb- mw2 , gta iv , forza 3 -rrb- , they all make my xbox like burn ! first time i finish playing , i be reach to the right cover and want to see what microsoft have improve on heating , i almost burn my hand ! -lrb- i play 3 hr though -rrb- i be just suprise that the plastic cover do not melt !!!
138	Video_Games	POS	5	this be nancy drew game # 14 . you be nancy once again , and this time you be in paris . you be work for a world-famous clothing designer , minette , who have conceal herself behind a mask and will not tell anyone what be behind it . she have be act very weird lately and have be provoke by anonymous , threatening letter , phone call , and paint bomb . it be up to you to try to find out what happen to cause all of these odd phenomenon . as you journey into the game , a new mystery awaken : in world war two , a lady hide many artwork and nobody know where they be . people have think that she steal they , but nobody know for sure . she recently die and she name have not be clear . can you , nancy drew , figure out what really happen ? i recommend this game , but it be a extremely hard nancy drew game . do not buy it if you be a beginner -lrb- i have solve a couple of mystery , and i still have to go online for hint -rrb- . on the other hand , it be not as scary as the other game -lrb- altough the concept of a lady conceal behind a mask be -rrb- so if you have a runaway imagination , this be the one to buy . i think this , like all of the other nancy drew game , be wonderful !
460	Video_Games	POS	4	i have be a nintendo fan since the snes -lrb- super nintendo entertainment system -rrb- and i have enjoy all the classic since then , ecspecially the mario franchise . nintendo gamecube be the latest in nintendo 's home console gaming and featue state of the art graphic wich be amazing ... in 2001 . as you may know or not know nintendo be plannign on release a new consol soon , very soon . so be this truly worth buy ? -lrb- read on and decide for yourself -rrb- gamecube have a strong , strong line up in the beggining of it be life span with instant classic like `` super smash bros. . melee '' -lrb- duke it out in a crazy fighting game with nintendo classic ! -rrb- and `` star wars : rogoue squadron 2 '' -lrb- or pit yourself into the realm of star wars and man you vehicle and prepare for war ! -rrb- . even as the year roll by nintendo get possibly better ! with hit like `` phantasy star online episodes 1 & 2 '' -lrb- one of the few online game on the gc , great rpg and it be multi player too ! -rrb- and `` sonic adventure 2 battle '' by work a few deal with sega . sadly the gamecube start to become sluggish lack the online feature other consol now fully supportet speccifically x-box . nintendo go they different way but still manage to produce multiple title that still have major success . keep in mind gamecube prodominatley feature multiplayer game and child base game , but that do not stop they from release mature single palyer goody like resident evil 4 -lrb- one of the best game of all time ! -rrb- . do not forget the nintendo vault of treat to with all they franchise make epic return and new arrival , animal crossing be very addicting think of it as a wacky the sims -lrb- in a nutshell that be -rrb- . super mario sunshine be marios way back into people home with all he platformer goodness and one of the greatest ... legend of zelda : the winder waker , a powerful rpg conduct of element from all the previous loz contain clean clear cell shaded style graphic ! all these good game and you wonder why a 4 star ? nintendo as i mention do superb , but then start disable many title that come out on ps2 and x-box as if they want to kill off fanbase -lrb- but still fail , long live nintendo ! -rrb- . with all that say you pick a gamecube up for a relatively cheap price consider all the other system cost of around 150-200 $ .
942	Video_Games	POS	4	the game be gonna be the major biggity bomb !!! it will roxxorz !! i will be take a nap at wal mart the day before it come out so that i will own this game for the rest of my life . i think i may sleep with it for the first few night after i get it . ninja gaiden be the biiiiiiiiizzzzzooomb !! i be gonna destroy all dem mounster .
45	Video_Games	POS	5	good game , online be very good . the image quality be excellent . and it be fun online . i recommend it widely . i play here in venezuela with my friend online and have a great time playing .
160	Video_Games	POS	5	a fresh title from capcom that be similar to monster hunter but more action packed and a bit story drive .
40	Video_Games	POS	5	mario kart racing be a lot of fun . we child 's dentist have this in he office wait room and we just have to buy it for ourselves at home . both of my boy , 12 and 5 , like to race each other . my husband even get in on the game . i have not be able to squeeze in a session between the three of they .
603	Video_Games	POS	5	thanks for make my dream come true . i do really want to by wii for last 6 year . but in ukraine it be so expensive and there be no way to by any accessory for reasonable price . get some trouble when adjust wii to my region and pal television format . but now all work great , picture be color and i be happy . thanks .
424	Video_Games	POS	5	there be a very thorough review for the wii version of the game , so i take a chance that the d version would be as good for my two boy -lrb- 5 & 8 -rrb- . we just receive the game yesterday and so far they have have a lot of fun play it . the quest seem very simple -lrb- just go to the next place with the big yellow star -rrb- so even though my 5 year old can not read he can still do just fine with it . they start play it and then ask for some help , so i be not sure if they miss some of the clue or if there be better direction in the box , but it do take we a little while to figure out the strategy for gain new attack and how best to use strategy when fight the other dragon . my boy love modify character , so have a place to customize they dragon be great and they love simple battle game . from what i remember , the wii review fit what we be see with the d version too . the only complaint they have have so far be that the multi-player seem to be just to battle each other , which i would have expect , and not to hep each other along on they quest . give the simple nature of the `` quest '' i do not think do it together would work , but that be a kid 's perspective . it be not like the detailed quest you do in lego game like star wars or indiana jones , which they enjoy do together and have in mind for `` multiplayer '' experience .
774	Video_Games	POS	5	the starter bundle make it quick and easy for those who already have a ps3 to get a idea of what move be about . depend on what you already have on you ps3 and of what\/how you be plan to play , all you may need could be just the move controller and nothing else or you may want to order some additional controller instead of this bundle . if you do not have a ps3 , then the  playstation 3 320gb system with playstation move bundle  what you get , what else you may need\/want briefly , this be what you get in with this bundle and i will make it very short because there be a lot of info . at the amazon page : \* move controller , of course \* playstation eye camera -lrb- must have for the move to work -rrb- \* sports champions -lrb- ping pong be simply awesome , some of the game play much better with a second controller -rrb- \* a disc with demo which should be available at the psn store as well depend on how you be plan to play you game , this be what you do not get but may end up buy eventually : - one more additional move controller -lrb- some game will either require two controller or will play better with two -rrb- - navigation controller -lrb- s -rrb- -lrb- you can use the dualshock in you left hand but it feel weird -rrb- - one or more extra usb wire if you do not have enough already to charge you new controller -lrb- s -rrb- or - dedicate charger , especially if you have more than one move controller and\/or navigation controller -lrb- s -rrb- go for the starter bundle or not ? the motion controller and the ps eye be the minimum need to bring ` move ' to a any ps3 console . no exception . if you already have a ps eye then the controller alone be the only purchase necessary . on the other hand , to fully enjoy certain game , you may want two move controller . this starter bundle make sense if you do not have the eye already and you be into the type of game that sports champions have . you could still get it and then sell the eye if you already have one . the same go for the sports champions . it come seal so you can sell it as ` new ' and recover some fund in the process . move 's motion controller the wikipedia have a very thorough review of the technology inside the controller - impressive . it be probably worth go there to get a idea of what be under the hood . from a user 's point of view , the move could be view as approximately the right side of the dualshock 3 where the motion tracking function be the r3 analog stick , r1 be the move button and the r2 become the move 's t -lrb- rigger -rrb- . you also get the 4 square\/circle\/x \/ triangle , in a square -lrb- not ` diamond ' -rrb- formation , the ps button as well as the start and select . so far , the most used button during gameplay be the move and the t -lrb- rigger -rrb- . in addition , you get a wrist strap . at the opposite end of the microphone-shaped move there be a usb mini-b port for charge and another port that seem to be proprietary - must investigate . the controller be quite substantial as far as both size and weight - i like that and like its be shape in a way that make it easy to grab and hold . very much like a microphone or a very thick magic wand ; not a remote control . base on my experience so far , move 's ability to track you motion far surpass anything that i be aware of in the gaming universe . every single movement , up\/down , left\/right , toward\/away and wrist rotation be accurately capture and almost instantly reflect on the screen and so be acceleration that would usually translate as ` force ' in game such as sword fight or ping pong . in addition , there be haptic -lrb- tactile\/rumble -rrb- feedback , a little too weak in the game i play so far , make the gaming experience that much more realistic . i be not write a lot about the eye camera because ... it be just there and it be not the subject of this review . for as long as it can see you , it simply do its part so that you may enjoy you game . the game sports champions consist of 6 separate event where you play through one of the available character either against the other character provide by the game or against another player - will need a second move controller for that . as expect , there be level of difficulty , medal and various bonus . ping pong show move 's nothing short of amazing ability to track its controller position in 3d space and , better , even detect move such as wrist rotation and to track acceleration as ` force ' and do it in real time . play ping pong be challenging , fun , frustrating and addictive . my entire arm , from wrist all the way up to the neck hurt already and i be not even do with the bronze medal challenge yet -lrb- almost there -rrb- . archery be probably second most popular , at least in we household . we like it because , unlike ping pong , we do not sweat a lot while play it . archery be also one of the 3 include game that make it quite clear that you will be much better off with two motion controllers . some of the challenge look quite cheesy - shooting at float money bag but we have spend some time play it and it be likely that we be go to play some more in the future . the gladiator sword fight game , even more than archery would benefit from two motion controllers - one for the sword\/axe and a second for a shield . with one controller only , you must pull the trigger to raise and use you shield or use the sword otherwise . yes , sony give we button but the game be ten time more realistic when you actually push you shield forward the way you would actually do it in real life rather than pull the trigger to raise the shield and , at the same time push the move button while make a ` push ' motion . bocce ... ever play it ? i have a couple of time . plays well with one controller but it can be a little boring . good simulation . frisbee golf be not bad . actually play it in real life on the course we have at the nearby state park . it be a little slow but it be good relaxation after you sweat yourself out on ping pong or gladiator . volleyball , again , can be so much better with two motion controllers . also , be careful if you play in a room with low ceiling or anything that hang from the ceiling like a ceiling fan or a priceless crystal candelabrum . consider that sports champions be a early game , my expectation be not that high but , surprisingly , ping pong exceed my expectation . i have be play real ping pong ever since i be 11 or 12 so i probably know what i be talk about and the move version of ping pong be good . as for the other ... sword fight , not so good . archery be okay , bocce be so-so , frisbee golf not too bad . for the game i have play so far , this be not a couch experience . on the sports event i be sweating after a few minute and my move arm be now hurt from the wrist all the way up to the neck . my rating it be 5 star for the technical merit , ease of setup and for the overall experience . hopefully , lot of good game will be come quickly .
686	Video_Games	POS	5	this be not necessarily the best controller for pc gaming . the best one be the one that fit you hand the best . you may find this one too large . in which case , you can use smaller playstation controller , although the installation process there be tricky . if you have be use the wireless version of the xbox controller a lot , this one be lighter because it do not have a battery pack -lrb- but it do have rumble -rrb- . also , if you shop around , you can find the white version if that be you thing , but it come at a premium because microsoft apparently stop make they . you can also use a wireless controller if you get a adapter -lrb- also sell on amazon -rrb- . i choose the wire one because i hate hassle with battery . i would also recommend check out the  logitech rumble gamepad f510  that one have programmable button and rumble that you can toggle . as far as physical engineering go , this controller be pretty good . it be arguably the best one you 'll find for the pc . it feel sturdy and it fit perfectly into medium-sized hand . there be two common drawback , however . first , one of the trigger will usually squeak . it be almost inevitable . the problem appear to be the spring inside the trigger , so it be pretty much impossible to fix without disassemble the unit . but some people do not notice the squeak at all , or only intermittently . the other problem be the mushy d-pad . however , this latter issue can be address with third-party accessory . on the bright side , the average 360 controller be extremely durable . i still have a pair of first-generation wireless controller -lrb- late 2005 -rrb- that work flawlessly despite frequent use . lastly , some game may `` lock out '' you mouse and keyboard if they recognize and prioritize the controller . skyrim do this . it even change all the menu from kb -lrb- `` press e to open '' -rrb- to xbox button -lrb- `` press a to open '' -rrb- . other game convert too . any title that use microsoft 's `` games for windows '' brand will recognize the controller right away , as far as i know . -lrb- games for windows \* live \* be a different service -- basically like steam . such title may or may not have the same degree of compatibility . -rrb- some game allow you to switch on-the-fly between mouse-and-keyboard and the controller . so you can do a fp section with kb+m , then pick up the controller if you need to do some racing or fly . the controller have a few flaw , but they can be address cheaply , or simply ignore . its sheer durability count for a lot , as do its broad compatibility with windows game .
467	Video_Games	POS	5	this game be sooooo much fun !! for the family !! we highly rec . for everyone in the family . ps baahhh bahhhhhhhh bada daaaada da ...
209	Video_Games	POS	5	i have be play computer\/video game since 1980 , a long time . in that time i have go through all the console -lrb- except the turbo grafix 16 -rrb- and play ton of computer game . halo and halo 2 be great game . in both , there be thing to dislike . the first be too short and the level repeat . in the second the field of view seem a bit too tight . this game be great , it look great and run very fluidly . the game have perhaps the most annoying end ever for a game -lrb- it make i want to burn bungie studio down -rrb- . it have much better level design , and the ability to finally get to play as a elite . i have spend thousand of hour play halo at lan party with my friend and be have one -lrb- my first -rrb- for halo 2 on dec 4th . if you be in the lacey area , drop i a line and swing on by . the multiplayer option for live need work , badly , but the game be so much fun to play with other that i can live with they . lot of people , especially fan boy for other system be go to bash the game , but if you have a xbox and like fps game , then give halo 2 a whirl . see you online , right before i kill you gamertag munkeeone feel free to add i to you friend list .
256	Video_Games	POS	5	great game , plus replay the game be just as good . the bonus item that you get to use be very good . new weapon , new magic and a fire item that add extra damage to you blade . if you love god of war , you will really enjoy the story of kratos search for he brother .
561	Video_Games	POS	5	i be the only one that have use it so far . i buy it with the just dance 2 game and even though you be dance and have fun , you be sweating and work out you body too ! the wii itself : i and my family can watch netflix , create we own mii , easy setup , and even go on the internet , and it come with the resort and sport which be fun , but not as much fun as just dance 2 . just wish : they have a pandora app , & can play dvd on the wii itself = \/
607	Video_Games	POS	5	when the first gta come out , i be hook into it . it be like steal the car to sell . then come the gta2 , i be amaze of the gaming system . it be about a guy get job from mafias earn reputation and cash . now gta3 be more well do game . it be turn from 2d to 3d platform . the story line of the game be well make too .  gta : vice city be the best game that rockstar game have make . it fuilfill the dream of ride on motorcycle and even shoot with mp5 during ride on motorcycle . there be many and many mission to do too . u even can buy you own house or building to save or to earn money . it be a die die must buy game .
230	Video_Games	POS	5	i have both the logitech microphone and the rebrand `` konami '' version of the same microphone that come bundle with karaoke revolution american idol edition . they work great so far , but i have only have they for a week , and be a bit scared of the seemingly high failure rate of the mic after a few weeks\/months . we 'll just have to wait and see ! these mic be a bit lighter and cheaper feeling than the singstar mic -lrb- which be not compatible with karaoke revolution -rrb- . the cord be super long , which be pretty nice if you want to move around . i keep they wrap up when everyone 's just sit on the couch to play . oh , and just for kick , i plug in the mic into my imac . it detect immediately as a logitech usb microphone and it work great !
222	Video_Games	POS	5	this game be the best thing that come from the dreamcast , aside from house of the dead . this be one of my main reason for get the dreamcast . the graphic be awesome and the replay to this game be great .  the second installment of the very popular arcade smash soul blade , have much better graphic than the first , very fluid fight , new character that rock -lrb- and also a surprise cameo by tekken 's yoshimitsu -rrb- . plus a lot of new weapon and fight style like a 3\/4 staff , a sword with a chain attach to it , the shaolin sword style and even some reture favorite like the short sword and samurai sword .  this game rock ! i still play this game eventhough the dreamcast be more or less no more . this be a great game , if yuou have a dreamcast , you need this game . it be almost a requirement !
807	Video_Games	POS	5	to all of my dedicated jrpg player out there , and to those who claim that the jrpg have be go down hil . this be a testimony that indicate the well be of the jrpg in this time . a exquisitely captivating story , a innovative fresh battle system and a legacy of musical score that should be remember through time could only exist in radiant historia . word would be fruitless to describe this fantasy .
669	Video_Games	POS	4	the gameplay could use some improvement but i really enjoy the improvement to franchise mode and i love ultimate team . ea do a good job of update the roster too .
406	Video_Games	POS	5	product as described , i receive a immediate email with the code . i would recommend this product for purchase as opposed to buying it in the store
425	Video_Games	POS	5	this be a gift for we grandson for christmas , and we becamae the best grands ever !!! he have want this game since it come out , and this be a great price . delivery be fast and as promise and lot of fun on christmas morning !
298	Video_Games	POS	4	touchy power switch it will flip with the slightest brush past the power button the rest of the unit be great and i be glad we buy it
870	Video_Games	POS	5	product be great and very indepth ton of hour of fun by yourself or in a group !!!
260	Video_Games	POS	5	i have be a fan of the ea sports nhl series since 1994 , when i buy nhl hockey 95 on cd-rom . due to my be a research nomad at the moment i do not play pc game anymore , but i do own a psp for which i buy nhl 07 the first day it come out in england . after have play several match , my first impression be \/ very \/ positive . the first thing you will notice be that the music be superb , go in the direction of rock , indie , and metal . secondly , you will be please by the in-game commentary by jim houston and craig simpson who add story about famous rivalry between the team currently play , or about the player who just shoot a goal . this really make the game as real as see hockey live on tv . in addition to the nhl team , there be now also the team from the czech , finnish , german , and swedish league -lrb- with licence for player name and team outfit -rrb- , as well as several national side -lrb- without licence -rrb- . this just add to the fascination . most importantly , the gameplay be excellent and just feel like real hockey . i be very impress by this game and glad i buy it . a great experience for any hockey fan !
500	Video_Games	POS	5	i absolutely love this game . the worst thing about playing be the continual reminder that people be complain about the litter in my park ... so , i keep hire handyman to clean it up ... finally ... after about 10 hour into the game ... i find the trash bin in the accessory panel ... duh ... once that get clear up ... i have a uninterupted ball ! truly a great fun game .
507	Video_Games	POS	5	in mario kart it be easy to play and there be not only 1 circuit you can do . you can do multi player with somone within 60 foot of you . you can make yourself the only racer so you can try to beat you fastest time . you have a choice of 8 racer . you can pick one of these driver : mario , luigi , peach , yoshi , toad , donkey kong , wario , or bowser .
485	Video_Games	POS	5	i be not a gamer . i use to play game in the 80 's and nintendo super mario be where i stop play game . i have a dell xps 17 3d and want to see what 3d game look like . i buy 4 game that be compatible with my 3d laptop and this game be one of they . i get the xbox wireless controller which work with my laptop and load the game . wow , gaming have change since back in the day . the graphic be amazing ; the game have a storyline and everything . it be like watch a movie unfold right before you eye . i realize the addictive nature of play these game . it be definitely entertaining and i must say , a bit violent . my nephew and he friend be at my house and i watch they play . they know the game and love the game . i try play it . what seem to be intuitive for my nephew and he friend -lrb- 18 and 19 year old -rrb- prove impossible for i . i just be not able to use the controller . i could hardly move my character ; forget about climb , shooting , grenade and all the other tip and trick . i have not play the game since , but whenever friend that play game come over , they play on my laptop and i enjoy the game as a spectator .
465	Video_Games	POS	5	excellent wii controller with integrated motion plus . black finish look very stylish . come with battery and latex protector . worked very well .
333	Video_Games	POS	5	\* please read my review on the original gtr first . ok , like all motorsport , there be a constant refinement , gtr2 be no different . i. better racing , you can race side by side , clean , just fantastic !!! ii . slightly refine physics , do not want to screw up a great thing . iii . graphic , nearly photo realistic , but do require alot of pc , you have to be creative on setting . iv . more realistic with reward weight , damage model ect . overall : gtr2 be better than the original , ... yes -lrb- very hard to imagine that year or so ago -rrb- . \*\*\* honestly , we be lucky to own this sim !!
392	Video_Games	POS	5	quite simply i have no word to describe this game , definitely one of the best i have purchase , thoroughly recommend as you will not regret
171	Video_Games	POS	5	have jump on the elder scrolls bandwagon since morrowind , i have love each and every game since . oblivion be a masterpiece and skyrim improve upon the formulum that oblivion start . first of all , if you like oblivion , then you should like this game because skyrim be better on all level . while there be no massive groundbreaking change , every facet of the game have be improve upon in some manner . graphic be nicer , npc 's be more intelligent , the world be more expansive and beautiful , side quest be much more interesting , and most of all , there be freak dragon that you can fight ! in oblivion , travel get to be a pain sometimes because you be constantly attack by lame creature . in skyrim , the developer obviously tone this down so that when you travel , for the most part you be unhindered , which really give it a more realistic feel . dungeon in this game also have a unique feel to they , unlike oblivion where they all start to bleed together after a few hour . this game really do a great job of blend some aspect of fallout3 as well . note here only the good aspect such as finish combat move and the lock picking . when i play through oblivion , the main quest be all i be really interested in , the side quest be rather mundane . however , in skyrim i have spend more time with the side quest than the main one just because of the interesting chain of event that many of they have unleash . as a gamer who enjoy longevity in he game , this aspect be fantastic . overall , i would say that if you like role playing game , this be a must buy ! also as a postscript , i can not believe anyone would give this game 1 star ! especially anyone who have play and enjoy oblivion . there be not much difference between the two , and the difference that exist be all for the better in skyrim .
576	Video_Games	POS	5	esta excelente el juego , a mi hermano le gusto mucho . llego en perfecto estado , totalmente sellado , y e 100 % original .
529	Video_Games	POS	5	mario kart super circuit be a great racing game , ported form the nintendo 64 version . the first mario kart game for the snes be hit , but the n64 version add new stunning 3d graphic , but get get rid of some of the thing that make the snes game so much fun . mario kart super circuit take the best of both title to make one of the best kart-racing game around . it include 20 new course to race on . for those of you who have play both the snes and n64 version -lrb- like i have -rrb- you would find this game to be closer to the snes title , which i personally think be better than the sequel on the n64 .  the graphic of this game be similar to the snes game , but be mind-blowing for a handheld game . like the snes and n64 version it include 3 mode : gp -lrb- grand prix -rrb- , battle and time trial . in gp you choose one of 8 character : mario , luigi , peach , toad , wario , yoshi , donkey kong jr. and bowser , and race in a variety of course in 50cc , 100cc , or 150cc mode . 50cc mode be the easiest to race in , but in 100cc and 150cc the computer get a lot faster and more challenging . there be also several item that you get by run over box which help you during the race . lightning bolt -lrb- the rarest item to get -rrb- make all of the other opponent small , mushroom give you a speed burst , banana peel make one of you opponent crash if they slip on it , red shell be use to shoot directly at a opponent to get they off course , and green shell keep bounce off the wall until it hit one of the racer . if you earn enough point to win a cup you 'll win trophy . also if you race well enough and earn enough coin you can unlock new track from the snes mario kart title .  in time trial mode you race in any of the 30 + course and try to set record for each lap and\/or race .  in battle mode you and a friend choose a character to battle against each other . you drive around a course try to pop each other 's 3 balloon . you pop they balloon by shoot green or red shell at they or throw banana peel at they . this mode be very fun especially if you get tire of gp mode .  the background be very colorful , and the individual go-kart be detailed nicely . the music and the sound effect be great as well , and the gameplay be amazing .  if you be look for a very fun racing game for you gba , check out mario kart super circuit . it will provide hour and hour of fun for you .
314	Video_Games	POS	5	there be three pirate who love treasure and would do anything to get it . `` i hungry `` say a pirate in a grouchy way . '' well then you just go to have to wait '' captain say the other pirate who be name be billy be very brave the other pirate wh 's name be jumbo because he be fat and he be scare of every thing jumbo go off to find some food so he get off the ship , just when billy be get ready to start the ship . captain be look for billy . `` billy ''
159	Video_Games	POS	4	sadly , i have no broadband . therefore , i can not enjo what be probably the best part of this game . however , i have play the campaign , and i can tell you it be a little disapointing . the plot be dumb , and the charactor be thin . through out the entire game , the only threat to you be enemy mech , which pop up more often later , but during the begining it be just point and shoot . the strong point of this game be in the control scheme and the enviornment . almost everything be destroyable , form building to stone pillar and the local fauna . overall , i would only give this game 3 star . but i be allow for benefit of the doubt with the multiplayer thing , and give it 4 .
4	Video_Games	POS	4	i get this game on the first day . i be so excited since i love the first one -lrb- except for the final drive mission -rrb- . it be gameplaywise it have really evolve , which be a good thing . you can now jack the covenant vehicle with `` right timing '' . also they get rid of the health meter , another good thing . all in all i love it . but that doa not mean it be perfect . let 's move on ahead to the `` not so good '' part . there be a lot of glitch in the fmv sequence of the game . some object pop in & out . and , `` why would i wanna play as a arbiter ? '' . that part totally bum i out .
268	Video_Games	POS	5	the game dragon 's dogma be much better . why ? this game have more skill and class . when it night time , more powerful monster will appear . zombie ftw !!!!!
803	Video_Games	POS	5	this game be go to be so cool because i love the other roller coaster tycoon game . i wish you could be a customer in somebody 's park and you could pick on what ride you want to go on and then ride they . but i be glad this game be come out becuase i will be play it all day ! it will rock !
569	Video_Games	POS	4	i like the game . its pretty close to the movie . the main thing i wish they have be a save feature . you can only save if you finish the chapter . for someone do it in short period of time it can get frustrating do the same thing over again before get to where you be the last time and have to quit before you get to the end of the chapter . otherwize kid and adult fan of sw would get a kick out of this game !
992	Video_Games	POS	5	if you like to dance , you will like this game . it be fun for those who do not dance well and those who do .
613	Video_Games	POS	5	this cable be just what i need for my college dorm . i have both a xbox 360 and a computer and be able to use my computer monitor for my xbox save i a lot of money . the cable work great , it come with the plugin for i to plug it into my computer speaker and now i have a great picture with great sound thanks to the vga cable !
172	Video_Games	POS	5	cute game , just wish they have more type of dog , but overall , the game be good
417	Video_Games	POS	4	pokemon black be a great game for return and new player of the franchise . i have play every generation but take some time off because i just wasnt use my d that much for gaming anymore . i go out of town for two week recently and decide to pick this game up . black be fun ! the graphic of the d be really utilize in my opinion . the pokemon game have never really be about visual but it be a nice plus . my second point would have to be about the online . the multiplayer be awesome for this game . everything from trading from the pc to rank online match with a elo rating system . game freak really listen to the fan when it come to the online . with black 's expansive endgame after beat the league and rewarding battle system for any player , i would have to highly recommend this game for the newcomer or the hardcore veteran like myself . if you have lose faith with the pokemon series black and white will restore it for you . ca not wait for the sequel .
53	Video_Games	POS	5	it work as advertise . i wish that it would either charge faster or hold the charge longer but , after you figure out the battery life you 'll know when you have to charge it . i also would have like a longer usb cord so i could just keep the battery pack in the wius fit .
873	Video_Games	POS	4	the control come in perfect condition but it feel like a cheap plastin and also do not come with a usb ... -lrb- thx god that there be many phone with same usb -rrb- after all it be a good control maybe a lil ' overpriced but i think it worth the buy
540	Video_Games	POS	5	i get this for my fiance for he birthday . i pre-order it so it would be in just on time , i get it on he birthday ! he be so happy , and he love it ! i love watch he play it , great storyline ! this be a great game and it make a great gift .
639	Video_Games	POS	4	as a electronically inclined college student who do review for store that sell this console , own one , and can actually afford to keep it interesting , i can tell you this much . the ps2 be a very advanced -lrb- consumer wise -rrb- gaming system that can keep the right person amuse for several hour . it do a little more than the other gaming system -lrb- for instance , it be dvd ready , play the game of it be predecessor , have both exensive brand name and not so expensive generic addition , and have a bigger and possibly better reputation -rrb- .  it also tend to get costly , as do the other system . my point here be that while you can certainly just buy one of these system -lrb- ps2 , gamecube , xbox ... or even the new gameboy -rrb- you should make note of the other option . for example : most of these system will run for about the same amount . however , there be downside .  the ps2 be dvd ready and the game ... well , there be more than you can shake a stick at . and if you buy they at the right time the price do not allow for buyer 's remorse . in this particular case i would have to say that if you have play with the original playstation and still have the game then the system be worth the cost .  however nintendo fan should know that the gamecube have the right competative edge to go up against the ps2 . it be light , the game be on minidisc , the graphic be plenty better than the n64 , and the controller be pretty much a game player dream come true . yet the game be slightly limited and still a bit expensive .  as for the xbox , i do not know all that much . i think i get too tired of microsoft computer game to bother purchase a separate console to play with . it be dvd ready like the ps2 . it have internal memory and networking capability and like i say i be a electronics kinda person . i just find it strange that i can buy a computer game for say $ 40 or i can purchase a gaome console for the same price that i pay for the ps2 and then go buy the game for that instead .  as a odd little end note : i think that the xbox 's controller be a tad awkward . it be rather like a morph version of a ps2 and gamecube controller . after say 25 minute of play a game on it you hand might start to feel quite exhaust . the reason may have something to do with the overall shape . like i say ... morph version .
556	Video_Games	POS	5	be the best choice over all . just what i expect , the kinect really , be the future bring to you hand , i recomend it
954	Video_Games	POS	4	a awesome game that be load of fun ! i have already get hour of enjoyment out of it ... even if i be not very good at it haha .
934	Video_Games	POS	5	this game seem very confusing , and have a very poor story at first , but as you begin the game these two idea be both proven false . the control in this game be extremely easy to get into and get use to . the basic concept be very simple ; you have to roll over random object to increase the size of you `` katamari '' . along the way there be many object to increase variety , and add they all to you collection require hour of extra gameplay . this game have incredible value , as it be price be very low consider the value of this game . the major highlight of the game be the incredible gameplay , unique , but catchy music , and basically the raw fun of see something be push around by a mouse eventually pick up entire building . fun to watch , even better to play , this game be one of the best !
634	Video_Games	POS	5	great game . graphic : the graphic have greatly improve since the original halo . the bump-mapping have do a great deal for the game . throw a plasma grenade on the ground and watch the lighting effect . 10\/10 sound : i love the sound in this game , great music , and great sound effect . my only complaint be that the warthog sound less `` scary '' and the smg sound more like fully-auto cap gun instead of real gun . but other than that the sound be great . 9.7 \/ 10 gameplay : fun ! i love the new addition of dual weilding . i also like the way that you can board and enemy vehicle . these be just a couple of the many thing that have greatly add to the already fun gameplay of halo . 10\/10 story -lrb- no spoiler -rrb- : good story . there have be many complaint about the end ... but i think the story be very immersive . i love it . although the end be slightly dissapointing . 9.8 \/ 10 multiplayer : in halo this be one of the main attraction . in halo 2 multiplayer could have make a game . its incredibly fun and addicting . now with the new addition of live you can play with new or old friend while on completely different continent . multiplayer be what help make this game what it be ... a great game . 10\/10 value : definatly a game that will keep you occupy for year . 10\/10 overall : halo 2 leave i completely breathless ... well , it leave i with enough breath to say `` damn ! '' score :9.9
752	Video_Games	POS	5	i have not play the single player mission yet , but play the bf3 multi-player have be a blast . i have not go back to cod mw3 since .
515	Video_Games	POS	5	nintendo have give we some of the best loved-franchise of all time , such as mario , zelda , metroid , and countless more . super smash bros brawl bring out the very best of each of these . not only do it have a full roster of beloved nintendo hero and villain , it also recount they most potent fighting technique , each one have a unique way of destroy they foe . along with stage place in area you be bind to know from you favorite game , they be accompany by remixed version of many of nintendo 's greatest orchestration . aside from the hour of fun you 'll have beat nintendo character of all shape and size senseless , there be so many more thing to do , include uncover the mystery of the game 's story mode , the subspace emissary , play demo of classic nintendo game in masterpiece mode , or complete mission to unlock the game 's hundred of trophy and other collectable . this game will keep you so busy and always want more , that chance be you 'll never complete the game 100 % . but the path get there be so much fun , that it really will not bother you .
960	Video_Games	NEG	1	the game be different enough from the prior version to be interesting to play . it be also similiar in play to the prior version that you can play the game without refer much to the electronic manuel . downside ; not ready for release . regular and consistent lock-up or crash . i be `` amuse '' to see that they say there be conflict with symantec anit-virus . they solution : you should completely remove symantec anti-virus . wow . first patch be out and i still have regular crash ; nearly everytime i try to load a save game . other crash late in the game . my advice , wait until they fix the game before buy .
450	Video_Games	NEG	2	the move controller do do what it be suppose to do . when you make a movement with the controller , the game react accordingly . that part work fine . but the other limitation drive i nut . first , you have to go through a calibration at the start of each minigame . not each time you put in the disc , but at the start of each minigame . it do not take a long time , but it be annoy that you have to go through that step . second , the game -lrb- maybe its limitation of the technology -rrb- expect you to stand in one place while you be play the game . during the calibration phase it have you move to a certain square in the field of view of the camera and stay there . if you move away from that location it throw off the motion sense . who stand in one spot while play a video game ? people naturally want to move around . it somewhat ironic that they call the product move , because that be exactly what you can not do . most of the minigame be fun within the limitation of the technology . but they be not really any better than wii sports or wii sports resort other than move up to -lrb- not so great -rrb- hd graphic . in the end my brother and i play with this for a couple hour after i buy it and give up on it , and have hardly touch it since . i certainly will not be buy a second controller for another $ 40 . the basic idea of motion gaming might have some appeal , but this implementation be flaw right out of the gate . save you money and get a wii or kinect instead .
198	Video_Games	NEG	1	well , i do not like this controller . i buy it after fall for the hype . mistake . here be my issue with it ... 1 . ok first and foremost ... these analog stick completely suck . they be extremely loose and easy to moce with no resistance at all . this do not give you the tight feel you have with the regular controller when you want to `` hold a line '' with the stick . it get worse though , for some dumb reason , logi take the greatest analog stick improvement ever make and reverse it . i be speaking of the `` domed '' top to the analog stick . why on earth do the do this ? now you thumb will easily slip off the stick during heated battle . the top be slippery and domed -lrb- round like a arch -rrb- . worst . idea . ever . 2 . second ... 2 . there be a issue with sometimes the button not responge at all . it only happen every once in awhile -lrb- i would say about once or twice every 4 or 5 minute . i have no idea why ... i have no idea when . just know that you will occasionaly have to quickly repress a button to get the response . i imagine that a lot of people be ignore this because it do not happen with regularity and i suppose most people be just think they do not press the button right or hard enough . but it be actually a flaw that can be repeat -lrb- we test with 3 other controller to be sure -rrb- . 3 . third ... i hate the base part that plug into the system . it plug into you system and have a relatively long wire -lrb- good gosh why ????? -rrb- that on the other end have this big clunky piece of plastic with two place to allow you to put a couple of memory card . this be so ugly and unatractive . you will literally have to lay the wire up over you xbox and have that thing sit on top of you system , with the wire just hang all over the place . i like my stuff to be `` tight '' and to look good and not be sloppy and loosly hang all around . i want wireless to get rid of wire , not to have wire hang out the front of my system and drape all around it . 4 . trigger be worse . they make they smaller , put they at a slightly different angle and make the throw much shorter -lrb- much shorter -rrb- . this leave you much less precision . i dunno why anyone would recommend this controller . logitech do a much better job with the ps2 wireless controller -lrb- except for the crappy analog stick there - but since ps2 also have those crappy stick already , you not lose anything like you do with the xbox 's sublime and flawlessly perfect analog stick -rrb- .
848	Video_Games	NEG	1	after receive this product i open it and plug it into my playstation 3 . what appear ? absolutely nothing ! after try countless time nothing appear on my television screen . go back to the original red white yellow component that come with the playstation 3 everything work fine . waste of time and money .
879	Video_Games	NEG	1	i research a little about drm before i submit this review and certainly i feel that i will be pay to mess up my pc . i will not purchase any game with drm . i think it be time to go back and play some of my drm free game .
123	Video_Games	NEG	1	as many other people probably do , i do not think much of the eula and tos , and i jump into the game . singleplayer be just boring , but the multus player be fun , i like the unlock system - once you get missile and upgrade to vehicle it be a lot of fun . then a day or two later , i notice in the internet news -lrb- if that make sense -rrb- that origin be look up my personal info and search through my hdd and that blow my mind away . i be thoroughly disappointed and uninstalled origin asap . i be go to return this game , and put the money back into my skyrim preorder . seriously , ea you mess up big time . - if anyone link origin to be similar to steam , in a sense you be right , but steam let you opt out , and do the info anonymously and -lrb- i think -rrb- be just relevant to what game you play and whatnot , not you hdd you browsing history and stuff . origin be just a breach in my privacy . it be call a pc for a reason !
679	Video_Games	NEG	2	i have a gfocer 8600 gt and when i try to play this game , i feel like i come back to the atarus day , the resolution suck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! big time but i guess be not the game fault be my computer 's
404	Video_Games	NEG	1	i want to get this one . but i see the experience of people with the drm embedded in this product . thank you very much to all of they ! they surely save i a good bunch of buck throw in this badly developed product . no way i be gonna buy anything have this kind of `` feature '' . no way i be gonna buy c&c; : ra3 unless ea strip it of all drm protection and stuff . i choose to stay free ...
462	Video_Games	NEG	1	i be 14 year old . it be kind of embarass that i could not get past the second level in a rugrats kid game . i 'll keep try , but for now i would not reccomend this game .
973	Video_Games	NEG	1	i be not comment on any specific company here . but my good deal on a remote turn out to be for a duplicate and not the original from microsoft . there be a big difference in quality , atleast with my piece . i should have buy a use microsoft remote rather than a new duplicate . please confirm before you buy
11	Video_Games	NEG	2	after play the game with my cousin and read the online review i would have to say that this game pretty much suck the big one . omg , bungie , what the hell be you think put this game out there after we , the buyer , have to wait 2 + yr to play . i mean do not get i wrong , the graphic , the voice-over and the weapon be awesome . but , the end ? come on now , i save up big time to get this and have pre-order month in advance to receive the `` game of the year '' please ! the original , halo , beat this one in to . also , i do not like playing between the convenant and as master chief . pick one side and stick with it . they should make it like this : first play as master chief then after beat the game as a human give the option to play as the convenant or maybe ... the flood . oh , bungie , if you be read this : make a end that the gamer will like and not one the blow .
49	Video_Games	NEG	2	i receive this game as a gift and find it to be time consuming but not that great . first off , you have to go back to board you have already be to like a hundred time , which really eat my patience ... secondly it be a bit vague as to which way i be suppose to go and how to get there . it be ok if you like a loooonnng game , but i be more of the super mario brother type ...
395	Video_Games	NEG	1	i have enjoy all the other game but the folk on this line be correct ... it be terrible . i spend six hour try different way to configure it to work without success . the character sometimes move and cast spell and then they just stand there . i have a friend who also have it and have the same problem . since they make the money i be sure they do not care , but this game be something that should be replace with something that work . this will be the last one that i buy and i be over 60 but young at heart .
878	Video_Games	NEG	1	this game have alot of potential . its too bad its be drm cripple and dumb down .
509	Video_Games	NEG	1	i do not recall at all in the detail list this as striped down psp . this be suppose to be the god of war special psp package and instead my son now have 102 dollar paper weight to go on we trip . the fact be that i be cheat and lie to by the description and im furious . i get nothing in my package but the psp and cord . there be no game no movie no gig stick and now the company i get it from ocean reef electronics say to bad i should have read the detail . so i say f 's to ocean reef electronics and there horrible customer service .
566	Video_Games	NEG	1	a horrid game , poor graphic , worst control ever on a redundant , soon dead , over rate , low sale console . save you cash . yes this game suck on xbox too .
606	Video_Games	NEG	1	first of all : i be a huge cod fan . i play they all since the first one . i will keep it short . graphic : look like i be play n64 . -lrb- i have a 65 '' 1080p tv -rrb- sound : be horrible . gun sound like bb gun . there be no directional sound at all . i have a 5.1 surround theater , and 7.1 headphone . you can not tell direction at all . someone can be shooting right next to i , and it sound like they be on the other end of the map . explosion sound like baloon pop . and you can not hear anyone 's footstep . everyone get the ninja perk automatically ! yay ... treyarch you fail . on top of that , lag , framerate issue , party system totally broken ... i be off to sell my copy on ebay . rent before you buy this pile of treyarch crap . shame on you , activision .
50	Video_Games	NEG	1	this game could be a lot of fun . instead of improve upon arkham city like they logically should , they feed you a promise of a `` sandbox '' batman . sandbox mean that the first portion of the game be `` go in here to this room where youll be lock in with 20 thug with no option of how to fight other than straight brawling . now that do , go to another new room and be lock in to brawl again '' . its not till about % 25 through the story that you be free to hunt criminal the way you could in arkham city . the catwoman story must be download , it be not include on the disk even though its a part of the story . they can not be bother to provide a manual , amd the game start you as catwoman -lrb- if you download it -rrb- lock in a room with thug that you must now brawl . if you hav not play arkham city , good luck learn to play in the midst of a mass melee . the major problem be the game constantly delete game save . i have have my game play erase twice in 2 week . i be very carfull to wait for the system to save , i then back out to the menue and log off the system . still lose my file . one be at % 50 completion , the 2nd at % 75 completion . i can not wait to start the game all over , again , so i can be lock in a room with 20 thug at a time and button mash before i get to the greatness that be arkham city . oh wait , maybe i will not . the wb and rocksteady should be ashamed of themselves for this . in my opion the company have a obligation to ensure that the product they sell work as it should . this alone make i wish there be a zero star rating .
953	Video_Games	NEG	1	i think this game need a ladder to get above one level to crap .
645	Video_Games	NEG	1	pc version lock up at about 80 % of mission completion . no fix and no response from the publisher . once you have spend the money , you be stick with it .
699	Video_Games	NEG	2	like most thing its good in theory , but not in practice . the game lag , the control be simply horrible on the pc version at least . i have high hope for this game after all they hype , but there be simply too much stop and go to progress the story along . even the patch be bug for the pc and will not complete the update . if this do turn into a mmorpg and the bug fix , it may deserve another look . for now i waste 50.00 on a subpar game .
748	Video_Games	NEG	1	get a refund , as have many other . have nothing but problem with this game , and be very disappointed . i do not think they could ever fix all the bug and glitch in it if they try ! nothing like dungeon siege 1 or 2 .
565	Video_Games	NEG	1	i receive the wii remote plus not package in the manufacturer 's box . the item come wrap in bubble in a plain brown box . this product be most likely counterfeit and this be unacceptable . i be not expect this from amazon and i be go to return the product . i buy a lot of thing from amazon but after this incident i be go to stop do so .
495	Video_Games	NEG	2	the champion mode actually do a really good job of outline the strength and weakness of this game . strength : 1 . lot of time spend on graphic make this a beautiful look game . 2 . more emphasis place on footwork and head movement 3 . movie during the champion mode give the game lot of action 4 . unique boxing style with more work put into make each boxer look like himself weaknesses : 1 . inconsistent range , there be lot of jab and numerous punch that just simply ... well ... disappear with no explanation , they be not block or dodge but do not land ... in the replay it show you fist actually punch the opponent with no reaction . to add insult to injury there be a counter opportunity create from these unfortunate moment . i guess this might just be a case of the graphic be so good that they actually catch major flaw in the game . 2 . the champion mode be a little bit too script . at some point you might as well have rau and ken perform shouryuken punch . if you be a boxing purist like myself who be not so much into old fashion rock em sock em they you might find the contender type music and script gameplay over the top . 3 . over exaggerated reaction to power punch . if you think ring king be the greatestest technical boxing game ever because a uppercut could literally send opponent through the rafter then you will love the way fighter reel and rock after body shot as if they have be shoot with m16 assault rifle -lrb- and then get back up ? -rrb- . its a little dramatic for i though on anything less than a k.o. conclusion : imagine that while madden on frahchise mode you be tell , `` kid you have to run the ball for the first half of the game to wear the steelers down then you can pass '' and the game itself , actually make sure that no pass be successful in the first half . imagine how cheesy that would be . well that be fight night champions career mode in a nut shell . i find it hard to give it a high rating simply because it almost intentionally diminish its strength with very avoidable weakness . i be actually stick with fight night round 4 , where the game play be much more realistic . the vs mode be what save this from be 1 star in my opinion .
766	Video_Games	NEG	2	i buy this game -lrb- pc version -rrb- for the purpose of play the single version . i do pre-order and receive the game at $ 49 . even at this price it be not worth it for less than 6 hour of game play . i be sure i be in the minority as most people buy this game for the on line experience . with slow internet i do not play on line . you experience play on line may or may not justify what you pay for it , but from a single player perspective it be not worth the price i pay . you would think that there would be more mission , longer game play -lrb- for example half life 2 ?? might be stretch it , my not be practical , though you might get my idea -rrb- . i be probably not the one to comment about on line play , but at least i would think you experience would be different each time vs other on line player even though you may be limit by the number of map . single player in these type of game i know do not leave you much in imaginative way to fight the enemy . you be pretty much assign to the aus of the game . i be 55 year old and maybe a little old school on what i think something be worth but i do not understand why game developer can not add more content to the single player side of the house . even though game have get better over the year -lrb- graphic , sound , etc -rrb- the length of a game seem to have get shorter in some instance . in my naivety i think i be get the extra map in my pre-order version but find out they be for the on line game only . then again maybe i miss something in the description of the game . this game in single version would probably be worth $ 29.95 to i -lrb- probably should have wait -rrb- . not a `` bad '' game to play -lrb- graphics , sound , ai be good -rrb- but i feel price be start to get carry away and this game be not worth $ 50 - $ 60 in my opinion .
350	Video_Games	NEG	2	every year madden be worse . i already sell my copy . i be not go to waste any time on this review . do not buy this game and if you think you have to buy it at least rent it first . i wish i have ...
243	Video_Games	NEG	1	i request this game base on the majority of good review at the time . it be very hard for i to even get it start , it seem to go in circle ask i the same info , and then it want i to work out on mon and thurs and it be tues so i have to figure that out . i then go to the tutorial . the `` instructor '' go from one very easy move of step forward which i could master to step on a more diagonal path , bend you knee and swing you arm all at once without go slowly to figure it out . even though i stand there not move it somehow decide i be do the step correctly and finish . in my opinion the tutorial do not teach you the step . i stop play this game just more confused then i leave my first zumba class , at least in the class i could copy the person next to i .
967	Video_Games	NEG	1	it be one thing to not to support a feature or product , quite another to actually go out of you way spend money and time disable it . it appear nvidia 3d support have be completely disabled with this title , although it be support with the ati alternate 3d suite . try to play it in stereoscopic 3d result in one of the lens just be completely black out . this be not isolate , either . i have yet to hear of anyone get this work with nvidia 3d . if all be as it seem then it be completely outrageous they have sabotage nvidia 3d and shaft pay customer like this . ps - 3d at least somewhat work in the beta , so there should not be any reason the final product be release in this state . the game otherwise work , but i do not want to play it unless it be in sterescopic 3d as the first time play experience will be ruin . if you feel the same -lrb- who care 's if you do not ! -rrb- then make sure you kick up a fuss and apply pressure for the developer to fix this .
940	Video_Games	NEG	1	it be a cool idea of play 4 game from previous console , but the original 's `` rupee obtain '' sound be not the same . majora 's mask have issue , which be more irritating . it be like they release a rushed beta version of this game .
468	Video_Games	NEG	1	the product appear well-built . it be far more advance than the 3d . the game , however , be another story . i regret buy this console . it be at home gathering dust . i should have wait until good game come out . so , my advice be not to buy this product just yet .
312	Video_Games	NEG	2	this game take you thru many screen but do not give any help as to what , where and why you be go there . my daughter play it but do not finish it either as she could not find all the miss clue . would not recommand this game .
89	Video_Games	NEG	2	my wife and i be fan of the original animal crossing on the gc . we be so hooked on that game ! lol well she and i purchase the d version a few day ago . she and i be hook on that one too ! lol i have log a good 15 hr so far in just a few day on it . and my wife have a good number of hour log herself . = -rrb- if you enjoy the gc version , you will definitely love this one too . and for we adult out there , do not be afraid to play this game . sure it look kiddie but man it be fun ! lol but as one guy say , the fun do wear off as time go on . but believe i , you do get load of enjoyment out of this title . i love the fact that there be many more species of life in the d version , namely the saltwater fish . i catch a shark yesterday and it be too cool ! i do see where the gc version be better than it be d counterpart but that be no real biggie b\/c it be still a blast for item collector . there be once again so many thing to collect and catch and such . the one thing in this game that really tick i off be that i find out that i can not get tom nook 's nookington 's with the barber shop in it due to the fact that i be not connect with wi-fus and such and i only have one d as well . i also only have a dial-up connection in my home . so it appear that the main store with the barber shop be off-limits for my wife and i. that be really really so irritating to i . hence the 2 star overall rating . to i this be unforgiveable since the gc version i have no trouble get the department store all by myself with my one copy of ac . nintendo should have throw in another way to get nookington 's for those like i out there in the gaming world . but to sum up this title , if you be ok with a `` cutesy '' game with a addictive collect theme , then pick this one up . it be nearly as fun as the gc version and worth a look .
981	Video_Games	NEG	1	i consider buy this game but change my mind after read about the onerous drm .
193	Video_Games	NEG	1	this game be sooooooo boring ! it take forever to groom the horse and i be not sure if it even tell you when you be do . i keep groom and groom and the horse be never completely clean . also , in the begin it be very confusing on how to start compete . i do not recommend this game when there be much better one out there ... i be glad i get this for free !
777	Video_Games	NEG	2	so i be a long standing fan of the super smash bros series . i play the first game and its what get i hook on the series and the second one be just as well make and think out . it be a game series that perfect the strategic fighting genre where you could ambush you enemy use the terrain against they and create all kind of manic mayhem . that be say i would have to say of the series melee be probably my favorite , the level design throughout the series have always be incredible and one of the main focus 's of the game . . the new game seem a little bit off unfortunately , in the previous series different character really have a distinct feel to they when you play they they jump differently move differently , fall differently some of they be even just harder to kill due to how the ai control they , for instance i and my friend always use to comment on how fox 's greatest strength be that he would not die and be rediculously hard to kill . one of the first thing i notice about brawl be how different the camera be compare to the previous game . the camera be much farther out in this game make you character much smaller in the scheme of thing , this isnt really a change i like but it wasnt a game killer . one of the other thing i find frustrate about the game be that alot of the character and button mapping have be tweak to simplify the game it seem . . now that be say i no longer have game cube controller to play this on and the game didnt really feel right be play with the wius mote or even the wius classic controller . maybe im alone in this but the entire game feel slightly off in comparison to the last two game . the level seem less innovative and more frantic , the stupid float ship level for instance be rediculous , alot of the new character didnt really feel unique or engaging from any of the other character currently in the game . yes i can say that this game have its fun momment and it be fun to play a few time when company and friend be over , but melee for i be scathingly addictive and every character be fun to play and really learn how they work and how they feel to control . this game as a whole feel like less time and effort be put into it , it feel like they just throw it together and new that people would line up and buy it . so basically i would say this game be only fun if you have 3 or 4 people to play it with you otherwise its pretty boring . the other two feel pretty solid and have some what of a entertaining single player experience and feel to they .
496	Video_Games	NEG	2	this be a very bad game because when you ride you horse all you do be jump -lrb- a bird chirp when you have to jump -rrb- booor i should have know better to have the picture fool i . yes they be colorfull and sound fun but trust i there not . this be just a cute game no challeng involve ! i only love the part be you pick a horse and decorate she . i be obssese over horse i guess that why i buy it . you should get barbie mystery ride . that be a better game . see my review for it !!! you will know its i because my name be melisa . melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa-melisa
323	Video_Games	NEG	2	i be excite to finally get the game of my dream . well , it be not any more ! for starter , they do not have very good dog breed . only 18 ! each day be around 5 min . long . you day be like this : you get up , be force to eat breakfast , be force to go to school , and you be force to eat dinner , the line the parent say be always the same and be tacky !!!! a friend of mine agree that the game be a rip-off ! you only have the dog for 3 week , and the week go by quickly . please ! take my advice . do not buy this game . if i would have know , i would not have buy it !!!!
99	Video_Games	NEG	1	a botched release and bad graphic . hold out for the release of rb 3 . the guitar : power gig advertise that you can `` rock it real '' but in all honesty , the only thing real about this game be the guitar string . the guitar be small and the fret be too far spread out . save you fingertip and stick with the traditional rb\/guitar hero axis . this game in no way let 's you `` rock it real '' unless you be not actually play the game . at best you have a small out of tune low quality guitar . gameplay : this would be a cool game if it be 2006 . the graphic be inferior to the other big dog on the market . most screen shot be from a far so you can not focus on how bad the character graphic be . the guitar guy do a little spin every once and a while but that be about as exciting as it get . the game do not even offer the ability to design character and the storyline of `` clan '' be just plain odd . in order to unlock some of the headlining artist , you have to complete the first major part of the storyline . the graphic be just plain lazy . if you be play by yourself -lrb- let 's not even mention the fact that there be no bass in this game -rrb- the gameplay screen do not even shift to the center of the screen . overall , i be bummed because the one thing power gig do offer be a good collection of artist . hopefully they 'll release they song to a more reputable developer . power gig will soon be line the clearance shelf next to rock revolution . if you find yourself want the play the song pg offer , save you money and wait for they on dlc .
