index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
550	Projector	POS	5	i be use this projector in a linux -lrb- ubuntu -rrb- system . the quality of the image be perfect ... it be easy to set up -lrb- in fact , there be not necesary to do anything at all , just to plug it on -rrb- . the image size be always the same , it just depend of the projection distance . but the image resolution depend of the connection wire -lrb- if a s-video the max resolution be 800x600 , if vga the resolution grow up to 1920x1200 ... -rrb- and the graphic card . i be project the movie to a white wall , and have a image size about 1.80 m diag with 3m distance between wall and projector . it be not necessary to turn off all the ligth because the high contrast ratio , but it be better if there be not a lot clarity in the room .
320	Projector	POS	5	buy for iraq deployment ... awesome 5 ' + screen on the wall of my chu -lrb- trailer -rrb- . definitely need external speaker\/headphones , but in a darkened room the picture be great .
154	Projector	POS	5	just purchese the epson digital projector for we business . we love it . it be so easy to hook up , virtually nothing to it . buy at comp usa . probably could have save a few penny elsewhere but be quite pleased with we purchase .
600	Projector	POS	5	it be hard to believe that i can carry this little device around with i , which be the same size as a phone , only thicker , and spontaneously show my photo or a movie within 30 seconds . also , i be astounded by both the pricing and quality for such a deep discount off of the new price -lrb- buy it at tiger direct , as a refurb -rrb- . my refurb item be in brand new condition with all covering , bag and accessory that a new one would have . ca not believe all the cable that come with this to go along with all the datum port on this projector ! this be not mention in most review and i have wonder , prior to purchase , whether i would even have a iphone cable , but it come with a dexim connector which take the provide 2.5 mm to 3.5 mm phono plug . i can connect to my iphone , ipad , laptop , desktop pc , and also use a internal micro sd card up to 16gb which will hold roughly a dozen full length mp4 movie . be sure to use the include converter software if you movie be larger than 720x400 . again , the condition of my refurb unit be pristine , just like buy a new one . technically , the brightness for 20 lumen be much better than anticipate . of course , the farther you be from the surface you project on , the dimmer the image , but i be able to regularly project 50 inch diagonal image in a dark room which be fully saturate in color and with great contrast ! get a bit warm , but not hot . the provide padded zipper case allow you to safely carry in you pocket and have it with you all the time . instead of invest in a expensive screen , i buy a large , white , folding project board of foamcore material at a office supply store for around $ 15 . works perfectly and fold up to put in you car or carry around . it be large -lrb- roughly 26x36 '' but very light -rrb- . off the cuff , you can use any light color surface , even window shades , wall , or blind in a pinch .
129	Projector	POS	5	the yamaha ysp-4100bl be everything that it be review claim it be . far superior to the other less expensive competitive sound bar model in construction and performance . in this case , `` you get what you pay for ! '' .
907	Projector	POS	5	this be a very good projector for the price . the image quality be really great and you will have a good time with this projector .
696	Projector	POS	4	i will update this review after 6 month with the product . initial impression : beyond expectation . wow ! silent operation . function well . very happy that i do not settle for 720p ! i use my projector as purely a tv replacement for my living room , display the htpc or xbox360 via hdmi . i project a 97 '' image at 11.5 ' from the ceiling onto a wall paint with behr silverscreen . even with a lot of ambient light , include ambient sunlight -lrb- though uv window film -rrb- , the picture be bright and viewable . of course , as you subtract ambient light , the picture just get phenomenally better as black quickly deepen and color come alive and pop . functionality wise , this unit be very simple . everything be well lay out and it respond well to the remote -lrb- same exact remote as my previous viewsonic pj766d -rrb- . power-on and warm-up to full brightness take between 15-30 seconds , i would guestimate . source change be very fast . hdcp handshake seem to work perfectly . default brightness be set to `` normal '' . `` boost '' be not a whole bunch of extra light , but it be noticeable if you see the mode change . this projector be quiet . it have three big fan that move a bunch of air and a ton of heat , but it be just plain silent at any distance . this unit have really good black level for a entry level 1080p crossover projector . colours be bright , vibrant , and appear to be very correct right out of the box ; i will not be tweaking any color until i repaint my wall with rs-maxxmudd . i be sure there be always something better to be have , but this be great ! minimal\/virtually no rainbow effect , even if you try to force see it , thanks to the new 6 -lrb- or 7 ? -rrb- segment color wheel instead of my old pj766d that have a 4 color wheel . resolution be , as expect , fantastic ! wonderful . out of this world . it take a little bit of back and forth to get the focus \* just \* right -lrb- have a helper be vital ! -rrb- , but once it be there , you can literally see a strand of hair on someone 's head while sit on the couch directly under the projector -lrb- 11 foot -rrb- . you can see that people actually have pore from that distance . dirt and sand be no longer just abstract definition for that muddy-brown or detail-less tan look stuff that people walk on or waft through the air . small , passive ` actor ' in the environment come alive when you step up to 1080p and have native content to display on it . even 720p native content look fantastic . i only suspect sharpness will improve once i sand my wall and have a smooth surface to deal project on to . 2 hdmus and 1 vga be really the only input worth discuss in this day in age . i use both hdmi port via 25 ' bluerigger cable , which work flawlessly -lrb- the cable and port -rrb- for hdcp handshake with blu ray movie from the htpc . i would have like to see the vga port swap out for a dvi-d or another hdmi port , or another digital option for connectivity such as displayport . note : the bluerigger cable i mention be very high quality , have a nice , soft flexible jacket that make it very easy to route thing and you also will not be fight a thick , heavy cable that be try to pull you projector out of alignment while it try to coil back up . and you can not beat the price ; i get 25 ' cable for $ 13 per here on amazon . try find a 3 ' cable in retail store for less than $ 15 or $ 20 and you 'll find out what a great deal cable on amazon be . pro : everything . brightness , contrast , black level , color , resolution , long lamp life , ease of lamp change , hdcp compliance , quiet ! responsive remote . con : a little larger than i have expect , but i just do not do my homework on dimension . so , not really a con . as i note at the start , i 'll follow up after 6 month with the product . by which time it 'll be even more obsolete than it be already , but at least it should be lower in price and more available to people who want one , so maybe my update will help someone .
54	Projector	POS	4	i shop several store and heavily on-line before i purchase this projection unit . i want a projector for outdoors on my covered deck . the problem be could i find one that be go to be bright enough for a outdoor application where a lot of late afternoon sun would be . i must say i have be impress with this unit . yes there be time where the picture become a little wash out but overall it have be great . the biggest problem be when direct light be reflect onto the screen -- then it become wash out . during the most daylight time the picture be clear and bright . at night or in lower light the picture be excellent . when first use this i have a standard definition source and be use rca cable to carry signal to the projector . when i move to a hd satellite box and a 25-foot hdmi cable -lrb-  cmple ultra high speed hdmi cable , 25 foot  the sound from the box itself be very limited . the volume do not raise very high and the quality be rather flat . i hook up a sound bar -lrb-  ilive itp100b two channel bar speaker system with docking and recharge station for iphone and ipod -lrb- black -rrb-  i be project about 25 foot away from the screen and have size the image -lrb- use a zoom setting -rrb- to about a 74-inch screen . i be project onto a piece of white tile board that i purchase at a home store . the quality , detail , color , and clarity be very impressive .
340	Projector	POS	5	the projector cost more than i would normally spend , i be work part time as a youth director , publicly fund , as the economy be in poor shape the amount of donation have severely drop . the projector , although expensive , work exceptionally well , and will view well on less expensive , lower quality screen . i opt to purchase the pyle higher quality projector and a less expensive screen to manage my budget . over all , completely satisfy in this well work projector .
363	Projector	POS	5	bright , clear , quiet , perfect picture . hook up the blu-ray and wii . really enjoy and like we purchase . highly recommend .
212	Projector	POS	5	this projector be great i pay 35 dollar and it be not hd but i like it . i buy it to watch movie and play game and it be worth 35 dollar
331	Projector	POS	5	this past thanksgiving , after much prayer , and beg to my wife i be finally able to complete my home theater . i have have the opportunity to try out many projector through the year , always hope one day i would find the perfect one : good contrast and resolution with multi-capability such as computer , s-video , all the way down to rca plug-in . also it have to have huge `` bang-for-the-buck '' factor . i be not disappointed ! this projector by nec be surprising in many way . they pack it with a cool , very simplify , remote . plus , they throw in a extra computer cable so you can plug it right in . nice . it be very light at 7lb and the brightness of the 1500 ansus lumen soak the screen to display vividly sharp detail . i have try out many film so far to test its quality : fast and the furious , nemo , a bug life plus other . none have any problem . computer animated film sparkle on this machine . there be a fan within the projector to keep down the temp . most people decide on purchase depend on the loudness of the fan alone . gratefully , it be amazingly quiet . once you turn it off it blow in high gear for about ten seconds then its do . here be the catch : you have to want a big picture . the projector do come with a easy zoom function to control picture size , but the kicker be , with it be fifteen foot away from the screen the smallest the image can get be 6ft wide \/ 5ft tall . many may worry about dvd artifacting or pixelization at that size , but again , no worry . at 15 foot the image could easily be 10 foot across if i so choose . nice , once more . if you decide on a projector that have vivid color detail and large picture capability , even with the light on , look no further . like i say , i have test many through the year , some cost five to ten thousand dollar , you will find very little difference between they and this power pack machine . hat off to nec . ~ sao ~
831	Projector	POS	4	the mount be slightly confusing to figure out , but it end up be much better look than anticipate , and it be very secure . it also allow proper leveling of the projector , and then angle in 3 axis . no problem with it , i would recommend it for any epson projector .
130	Projector	POS	4	this product work great and be easy to set up . the carry case be thin and do not really seem to have enough protection for a $ 400 + piece of equipment . we also purchase the 2 or 3 year warranty . hopefully we will not need it .
948	Projector	POS	4	i recently purchase the epson 76c . i use it for watch dvd 's and television . i havent ' t use it with a computer . the dvd player be connect with a s-video cable and the television -lrb- cable box -rrb- be connect with rca cable . i can not give the unit 5 star because i do not really have any way to compare it with other projector . the store around here that sell projector do not have they on display like the big screen tv 's . the advantage of a projector be obvious ; small size , large picture , cost -lrb- $ 1,000 vs. $ 2,000 or more for big screen tv -rrb- . the projector bulb do need to be replace every 2000 to 3000 hour at cost of around $ 300 . i have the projector down the basement where it be fairly dark . i originally project the image on a wall . i experiment with different type of paint and find that flat white be about the best . do not use gloss white paint ! later i purchase a inexpensive screen that be slightly better than a white wall . the control on the 76c be very easy to use . several feature that i like on the unit include the two different light setting ; the low setting be for dark room -lrb- like my basement -rrb- and the high setting be for well light room . also , the low setting will extend bulb life . there be two ring on the projector , one for focus and one for image size . if you go with a projector , make sure you get one with xga resolution -lrb- 1024 x 768 -rrb- -lrb- like the 76c -rrb- which have almost twice the pixel as svga -lrb- 800 x 600 -rrb- .
499	Projector	POS	5	the product come with different screw to fit a variety of projector . i easily find what i need to mount my dell projector . once in place , there be lot of flexibility to adjust the postion as need .
238	Projector	POS	5	although it be no longer available on amazon , i still want to write this review to balance out the wrongful 1 star review -lrb- base on vander 's fault -rrb- i own one of this sharp pg-b10s projector -lrb- refurb . from fry -rrb- since thanksgiving 2004 , as a entertainment projector , and it still work well up to today , the black friday of 2010 -lrb- nov. 26.2010 -rrb- ! i have bring it to travel across the pacific ocean , and accidently drop it on hard floor and carpet once for each , but it still work well !! what a great product that you do not see often nowadays ! the lens shift design be also very useable and work better than set the keystone to compensate the distortion at the corner . also the multi-language menu , eco projection and password lock be all make it a well think product ! not to mention its 1200 lumen project power ! the only downside be its size if compare to today 's svga projector in general , but it be definetely a quality budget projector for you if you happen to see they available on the market .
490	Projector	POS	4	the epson vs series vs315w 3lcd projector 2800 lumens be a nice projector to use for school project or work presentation . i use my projector for a powerpoint presentation and it be amazing no hassle or fuss . i use the adapter cord to plug it into my laptop and it allow i to watch video , youtube , and any other website you want to put on you projector . even though this projector do not come with a screen you really do not need one i use the white wall and even a dark color wall and the picture be just as vivid and clear . the initial set up be easy my 13 year old son do it all by himself . the only complaint that i have with this projector be that the bulb put out a good amount of heat and the fan do little to cool the projector off , also the speaker be very low and you have to have a completely quiet room to hear they or else the sound seem slightly distorted . the epson projector also come with a easy to use remote that operate the projector so that you can show you project or presentation in a professional manner . minor flaw but overall great projector .
60	Projector	POS	5	i have use this for play 360 game on it and movie and it be awesome . it be my first 1080p projector so i do not have anything else to compare it to . it be portable . i come with it be own carry case . i go to friend home and play 360 on he white wall . no gaming lag . color be vibrant and crystal clear . my other option be to take a 42 inch hdtv with i , which be heavier , smaller screen size or take this pro8200 with i and play on 100-120 inch screen . and do not weigh as much as my hdtv . if you be super critical about projector , then get a 3 thousand dollar unit . if you want a 1080p projector , with build in speaker , portable , 2 hdmus input , 2 vga computer input , mic input , audio in and out connection and be under 1,000 dollar with 3 year warranty and 1 year bulb . this be a winner .
887	Projector	POS	4	this be a good projector in every way except for one minor annoyance - it keep search for signal by auto switching between various input when the source signal be interrupted for any reason . there be a set to lock source , but maybe i be not do something correctly because the setting do not work . there be a firmware upgrade available , have not try it out yet , maybe that will fix it . other than this very minor issue , very satisfied , be be bright enough to watch during the day . there be some common initial tweak like set the lamp to standard , and adjust contrast etc to get the ideal picture . i pair this with the 3dxl , and now use it to watch 3d and 2d . i get a separate sound bar , do not rely on the internal speaker . when watch a movie , the fan noise be not audible at all -lrb- i guess it depend on movie volume -rrb- , but it do give off heat . without a ceiling fan or air conditioning , the room feel warm . my screen be 100 inch , you can see one of my other review for the screen that i pick . for the price point , this be a great projector , i do not feel that i miss anything by not get the next higher optoma model .
563	Projector	POS	4	this item be deliver very promptly . the picture be extremely bright and clear . one down side , however , be i could not get the aspect to change , nor could i figure out how to find the audio out put . there be slot that be not in use . no manual that be of any use . bottom line , for the price , you can get a great picture for tv or gaming or pc . just remember you be limit in the configuration .
360	Projector	POS	4	i get one of these for father day this year . we have be use it 2 - 3x 's per week for movie night since . we find the picture quality to be good -lrb- we be project on a 8 ' w x 5 ' h screen from a distance of about 17 foot -rrb- . we hook up some wireless speaker to create a ` surround sound ' effect & it feel like we be at the theater ! my only issue be : the unit be pretty hot after watch a full movie -lrb- you can still touch it but the heat be considerable -rrb- ; battery life will not get you through a full movie - so we end up use the adapter only . i would definitely suggest this to a friend -lrb- in fact my brother-in-law be pick one up -rrb- .
666	Projector	POS	5	por el precio que he pagado , esta es una excelente maquina . muy amigable y facil de instalar y operar . la calidad de video e excelente y con una fuente de calidad y un buen cable hdmi la diferencia con mi antiguo proyector es notable . tambien e muy satisfactorio haber echo la compra en amazon , puesto que pague menos de la mitad del valor que cobran en mi pais . -lrb- chile -rrb- muy recomendable para una peque & ntilde ; a y\/o mediana sala de cine o de juego casera .
982	Projector	POS	5	great for the price . very happy with it , recommend . they also have a electric one for more money but this one do the trick .
790	Projector	POS	5	i be a teacher and be use two version of this projector currently in my classroom , the ex7210 and the ex3210 . this review include both general information about the two projector and describe the difference between they . general review of the epson multimedia projector : applicable to both model the projector itself be smaller than i expect . it be also reasonably light and come with a carry case for easy transport . as teacher who move from room to room the portability be handy . the carry case have a strap long enough to throw it over you shoulder , a real plus when you be juggle stuff between classroom . the case have a front pocket for the power cord and remote as well . the manual and cd -lrb- for extra info -rrb- be originally packed inside this front pocket of the case . input : the projector be absolutely idiot proof when it come to input . you can push the button that say source search and it will find where you be try to input and start display the information . light output : light output be strong enough that powerpoint presentation can be see with the projector 20 foot away from the screen -lrb- this be as far back as i can get it in the room in partially light room . partially light in this case be define as the overhead light be off but the three window do not have blind . the room be bright enough that the student can easily see they papers and take note -lrb- and i can see the student ! -rrb- . these projector put out 2800 lumen -lrb- a luman be a unit of visible light emit by a source -rrb- . the school have 1500 luman projector , which i rarely use because the light have to be all the way off for the student to see the projection , and that lead to trouble . sound output : it have build in speaker and they be loud enough for use in a room with 50 student but just barely . in the smaller room with 25 kid it be great . if you use it with a laptop i would suggest add some speaker for sound . noise and heat : they hum . the fan whir . not very loud but it be audible . they get hot , and fast . this be one problem because you need to let they sit for a few minute after use so the fan can cool the bulb down before you unplug it . that mean i have to remember to turn they off a few minute before class end . if you be leave it in one place this be not a problem . if you have to run , it might be . difference : want to watch movie ? you want the ex7210 with the hdmus input . i see two main difference between the ex7210 and the ex3210 -lrb- besides the color -rrb- . the first be the input . the ex7210 have hdmi input and a higher resolution -lrb- 1280 x 800 for the ex7210 and 800 x 600 for the e3210 -rrb- . the difference be clearly visible . if you be use the projector for video -lrb- or show movie -rrb- the ex7210 definitely provide a clearer picture . project on a screen from 10 foot away movie be clear , sharp and very little pixilation be visible . just want to use it for presentation ? if you be use the projector for business presentation -lrb- powerpoint and such -rrb- the lower end ex3210 be plenty good enough . i have often be use it to project a grid onto the classroom chalkboard for graphing . i can then switch to the next image with the answer and the student can see if they solution be correct . this be a godsend , as it be difficult to graph on a chalkboard with any accuracy without a grid . the projector even have a setting for the chalkboard , which take into account its greenish gray color and counteract the color change . it be bright enough to project a clear grid . the only small problem be keep out of the way so you do not block the image . and other use the projector can also be use in science class to project a clear slide of one color of light to show color absorption and reflection . i know this be not what it be design for at all , but it work very well for this purpose . i simply make a image of the various color i want to compare and since the projector use lcd to make the light the wavelength be very precise . although this will probably not be useful for most user it do show you how clear a projection the device yield . other issue : i originally try to use the projector with really cheap -lrb- think less than a cup of high end coffee -rrb- 25 foot long hdmus cable . this cause some problem , with the signal drop out every once in a while . digital be either all there , or not . with a slightly better -lrb- think two fast food dinner -rrb- 25 foot cable i do not have this problem . the replacement lamp be currently just over 160 dollar on amazon . since it be rate for 40,000 hour that be a lot of science and math . i can not speak to the price\/value for these projector -lrb- as i only have these and the school one but they be a lot better than the school provide one . everybody want to borrow they , and since they be easy to move around it be simple to loan they out .
207	Projector	POS	5	i be skeptical that this very low price projector would be as good as the review claim . no need ! it be light in weight , project brilliantly , be easily set up , come with good instruction and do the job as well as anyone could wish for ! we use it as part of wedding ceremony when a rental unit charge would have be $ 300.00 more than the price of buy this unit ! try it , you 'll like it !
783	Projector	POS	4	i acquire recently my acer pd100 and until now i be very happy with my purchase . the bright be sensational and the interface for conection be very frendly .
210	Projector	POS	5	this projector be sick ! peroid . i buy this projector on dec , 23 2010 and it arrive on christmas eve . 2 hour out of the box it be up and run perfectly . the instulation be quicker than usual because i have a infocus lp640 install previously . the only reason it take that long to install be because the janky , so call `` universal '' overpriced mount that i buy from worst buy , be universal only to about 2 model of projector on the market ... go figure . anyway after retrofitting the mount , and a few adjustment . . splakaw !! perfect ! after turn this thing on , and with zero picture adjustment the picture , brightness and black level be great , especially when compare to the infocus that i have be use . the infocus be ok but only because i have nothing else to compare it to . i buy the thing from the local `` hookup '' man for 300 buck so i guess i get what i pay for . it be capable of display a hd signal , but not with nearly the appeal and quality as the hd66 . so after a good month at the office , and countless review and research hour , i decide to go with the hd66 team up with the onkyo ht 6300 7.1 surround sound system which i order at the same time , by the way my wife be pissed !! ah well , can not return it after it be fully install and the box be destroy ... guess we gotta keep it all , sorry ! this projector , and that surround sound system make a wicked team . the lions , and pistons never look so good at lose at my house , and i can shoot the dust off a opponent nose in c.o.d from 200 yard away ! and ps3 blu-ray be nut ! overall i be a very hard person to please when it come to these thing , a bear skeptic . i be very particular about my system , how they be hook up and preform . i hate dangling , expose wire and will spend two week if necessary to perfect my setup . i never wright review only read they . i purposely fail customer survey , especially the one for the company i have to make check out 4 every month , directv , dte , sprint pc , etc. . . -lrb- everything should be free n my opinion -rrb- but i be so pleased with my hd66 i be inspire to give back for once . ca not wait for the 3d-xl convertor box to drop ! if you want a great projector buy the hd66 , the quality , feature , and all out performance be great , and the price be a add bonus . the manual zoom , and focus allow for perfect tweak , and adjustment . my setup : - 12 ft throw - ceiling mount - ps3 - 3d capable hdmus - directv hd - xbox 360 - onkyo ht-6300 7.1 - optimum 3d-xl ... ... come soon as it be available
988	Projector	POS	5	i buy this product and it have be excellent , easy to use , video cable be include , the control work fine . any issue with the product .
951	Projector	POS	5	the projector itself be very good . bright picture with the 2500 lumen but actually when i check on the viewsonic website it say 2700 lumen . the fan be not that noisey . for i its quiet . and i be also use the economic lamp option so the fan be on low and the brightness also on low but still with light turn off you get a bright picture . i project it on the wall for now still get the pull down screen from the rebate . the contrast be also good even on the wall . setup be quick from out the box only take i 5min less and it be on live ! well i read the manual before it arrive so i get the idea of what to do already . when it shut down you have to press the power button twice , one then another one with a bit longer press then it start the cool down , for a minute or 2 then it turn off fan and lamp but the power button will still be blinking blue let you know that it be still plug in . it blow warm air on its side . i have not try the 3d feature yet . it be very light weight easy to carry around and smaller than i expect . overall i be very happy with my purchase and i and my family be now enjoy a very big screen for movie in we bedroom .
764	Projector	POS	4	this be a great alarm clock . timex t740 make wake up a alot easier than you every day alarm clock . one of the great feature be a on board flash light that can come in handy during a power outage ... also soothing sound to wake up to .
905	Projector	POS	5	we get it for a smaller business operation and it have a very crisp display . we use this in a fully light room on a non-white screen , and it still project a easily legible image from we computer . extremely easy to set-up , use and make little to no noise . quick delivery from amazon .
553	Projector	POS	5	excellent projector that be very easy to setup and use . if you plan on use a remote for presentation , you will need to buy another remote . the one list with this machine be only for the projector setup and operation and will not control the presentation .
73	Projector	POS	5	got this projector this past spring to replace my well-loved but long-in-the-tooth sony hs20 and all i can say be wow !! awesome , awesome picture right out of the box with any and all source material . 3d with blu-rays look really great as well , 3d through verizon fios not as much -lrb- although i have not yet try espn3d -rrb- . great control and super-quiet operation . highly recommend as the jewel of you home theater .
218	Projector	POS	5	this projector be absolutely unbelievable . hand down beat the jvc dila rs40 in 3d viewing and its 3x as bright as the vpl-hw90e in 3d mode . personally , i think they price point be a little low . 2d to 3d simulation be pretty cool too although not as good as a true 3d channel or movie . i already do a year 's worth of research on this . no need to look anywhere else . buy this thing . for reference , i be use a 120 dragonfly perferated screen with 1.35 gain . even with the perf it be still bright .
316	Projector	POS	5	i have low expectation , but let i tell you this thing rock , , , at 179.00 ship you can not beat it . i have samsung h30 which be a lot smaller but the touch pad control be annoying and stop work after just a week . this optoma be 3 or 4 time brighter and 800x600 set with my netbook look great , color be way better than my ee pc netbook , and im just amaze how much i love this thing . but just to make sure im clear , im not use this as a hometheater type thing , just to view photo on a wall -lrb- artist here -rrb- but it be great at that , so i can not see why video will be any different . flesh tone be accurate and contrast be definitely acceptable . do not hesitate , amazon have the best price on this lil wonder , and you have 30 day to return it of you be not happy with it , but trust i you will not be disappoint . cheer
364	Projector	POS	5	very sturdy and solid construction . mount to a dell 2400 projector be a little bit tricky because the projector only have one hole and i think this mount be for three hole . anyway , i figure it out and now it just sit there hold up the projector . the wall mount screw be a bit long - i use some shorter one that work better . i be happy with this product and would buy it again .
258	Projector	POS	5	this little beast be the bomb -lrb- do people still say that ? -rrb- ! i read several review where people say they show it to someone and that person say that they be go to have to get one for themselves . this happen to i . my totally non-techy brother-in-law say he might have to get a computer just so he could have one . take it out of the box , plug it into the wall socket , plug it into the computer with provide cable , turn it on and start project beautiful image on the living room wall - at night with the room light on . project it across the room -lrb- probably about 25 ' -rrb- onto the opposite wall and big , clear picture . obviously not as bright , but the light be still on and this be a long way away . cable be great . only thing miss be the hdmi cable with the mini-plug on one end . have not price that out yet , but will absolutely get one . if the pic be this good through the monitor port , it should be fantastic through the hdmi port ! i still can not believe the size of this thing . i have use -lrb- be a educator of sort -rrb- lot of different projector . they all fail just when you need they because of bulb issue . with a project 20,000 hour life on the bulb -lrb- s -rrb- in this thing , i do not think i have to worry . and i do not have to lug anything fragile and big around . slip this into the laptop bag , and it be good to go . i spend extra and get this model -lrb- 301 -rrb- because of the extra lighting power -lrb- 50 lumen vs. 20 -rrb- plus almost all the cable you would need come with it - plus plenty of outlet without have to have cable adapter . the extra money be worth it . sorry amazon - i almost always get thing through you , but find it for twenty-some buck cheaper somewhere else and have great service and delivery from they . equal to amazon , which be always top-class . this thing be the wave of the future - imho .
855	Projector	POS	5	preface : i have little experience with projector , this be my first one . i have little experience with 3d , this be my first device . i purchase this projector purely for gaming . pair up with a set of  nvidia 3d vision glasses kit w\/starccraft ii  my current setup have the projector 10 foot away from the screen , upside down on a shelf 80 '' up the wall point at the opposite wall 10 foot away . the projector throw a 78 '' screen at that distance and each pixel come out crystal clear . i craft a screen from 2 yard of 53 '' blackout material and some 1 x 2 for a frame and hang it on the far wall for under $ 20 . to play my game i be sit behind a table 5 foot from this huge screen and it fill my vision not unlike a imax movie would . i spend the first hour with it on just wander around in skyrim look at the most mundane thing in awe . here be a list of comment i make `` wow '' `` whoa '' `` oh my god '' `` that wolf chew on i look awesome ! '' `` i can see right through that skeleton '' `` i can feel the ice in this cave '' `` why would anyone play this game any other way '' `` i must not cry , it 'll short out the 3d glass '' those who be concern about the low resolution for gaming , it be not a issue for 3d mode . the way the shutter glass work , each pixel get use by you eye twice except at screen depth create a much richer screen . the lower resolution also mean that you 'll be able to crank up all of the setting in whatever game you be play with no loss of performance . with a  gigabyte nvidia geforce gts450 1 gb ddr3 2dvi\/mini hdmi pci-express video card gv-n450d3-1gus  because dlp be so fast , the 3d effect have zero ghost , allow you eye to focus much better than with most of the lcd monitor i have see . use a small 3d monitor also cause something i have hear describe as `` toyification '' where the size of the figure on the screen become diminutive because of the perception of size that accompany the 3d effect . with the convergence setting the huge screen allow i to use , in skyrim 3rd person view , my character be sit within arm reach of i and the first 10 foot of the world be in the office with i fill my view . i literally feel the ground move under i . the projector can really throw a screen on just about any reasonably flat surface and the auto keystone will give you something square . the picture , however , be not ideal due to the way it use anti-aliasing to get there . the result be muddy text and it create a candy cane effect on all vertical line . i spend a great deal of time get the projector to be at just the right height and perfectly square to the screen to make sure i do not have to use the keystone feature . benefit : 3d vision ready bright beautiful image easy setup truly epic gaming potential problem : dlp lamp will eventually die much earlier than a monitor get just the right height and angle to the screen find little desire to interact with the real world
463	Projector	POS	5	i have to admit , that this be not the easiest equipment to put together , but that be mainly because it have to be versitile . all projector mount situation be not the same , so i can understand why the manufacturer do not supply specific instruction . if you be handy , or have someone around that be , i would highly suggest this . if you have trouble with assemble ikea furniture , i would look elsewhere . in my situation , i have a drop ceiling with you typical cross beam above . this work out great , and i have be able to cut a 2 '' hole in the ceiling tile , and adjust the mount 's extention arm to the perfect height . this way i be not worry about duck under a projector constantly . white be a good match , as it would be for most ceiling . overall construction be sturdy , and not much movement once everything be tighten down . i would have a set of hex wrench ready , because although they provide you with one , it be necissary to have one on each side when really tighen . about 30-40 minute assembly time .
736	Projector	POS	5	this be the best purchase that i do . the product be to thin and i can travel with it without any problem . i recommend this product !
42	Projector	POS	5	this machine be so easy to set up and operate and the picture quality be excellent . the ability to connect you presentation with a flash drive to the usb plug n play save i from drag a laptop with i to do a presentation . when i do need the laptop the connectivity its such a breeze and i have no difficulty connect or set up . it display video very well and even in room with a lot of light . i use the epson at a conference with about 350 people and with the 2600 lumen it be easy to see anywhere in the room , excellent color and easy set up . very satisfy with my purchase .
960	Projector	POS	4	very solid design and construction can handle a tremendous amount of weight . a little tricky to tweak the angle but once you have they you can lock it down with little worry of the thing get loose .
856	Projector	POS	4	i open the box and hook it up to my macbook pro . it be a very good , clear picture and will work fantastic for presentation . no brain need to get it work
195	Projector	POS	5	i know , it be expensive -lrb- read the other review -rrb- . i think the same thing . but you do check the bulb price before you buy the projector , right ? right ? anyway , because of my previous experience with a acer projector , i expect this bulb to last in the area of 750 hour -lrb- it be advertise at 2000 -rrb- . to my pleasant surprise , my first bulb go to 2970 before die . just make sure , when you replace the bulb , that you carefully clear out any dust from the inside of the case ; if you screen be flash green , you color wheel be probably gummed up . it take i forever to figure that out . anyhow , you choice be between this bulb at about $ 250 for 2000 + hour , or some other crappy bulb for $ 180 at -lrb- 1000 hour . you do the math .
990	Projector	POS	5	this produce really come in right on time for the church . easy installation for a first timer . able to swivle and adjus with no problem . the only issue i have be that we have a arched roof , and it be very high .
91	Projector	POS	4	very good mount . easy to put together with detailed illustration . be not quite big enough for my projector spacing . i have to make some extention for 2 of the arm that bolt to the projector . overall , i be please with the purchase .
624	Projector	POS	5	it arrive as expect , very good quality and feature for home usage . i highly recommend this product as a home theater .
143	Projector	POS	4	epson ex3200 multimedia projector -lrb- v11h369020 -rrb-  it come with a usb cable and all you do be plug it into you computer but that be where my problem start . there be no software disc to install but when i connect the computer a install icon appear for installation only my computer keep lose the signal from the projector cause the screen to turn blue and blank after call tech support twice for solution `` change usb cable '' which do not help and install software from epson website which would not work because the latest software have already be install i be ready to return the projector to amazon with some choice word especially after the last tech person tell i if i want to use the projector i would have to disconnect and reconnect it to the computer every time the signal loss cause the screen to go blank . sound ludicrous right ? but have a modicum of intelligence i uninstall the latest version software and reinstall the older version software from epson website and the projector work like a charm . i have a imac run a 10.6.8 os x and a macbook pro 10.6 os x. so the projector do all that it be suppose to do once you get past the software installation process . it would have get 5 star without that fiasco .
591	Projector	POS	4	every thing work . it do not need to be sdhc , regular sd can work also . it be very light , clear and the battery seem last quite some time . rca out work fine also . i do not have iphone so i do not test it . only con be the speaker be really bad and hard to understand what it be talk about . luckily my wife only need it for photo .
529	Projector	POS	5	for educational presentation i have in mind for the video and all the presentation that i have in mind be simply more than excellent
582	Projector	POS	5	i buy this projector for home as a inexpensive device for the `` man cave '' . it set up in under 1 min out of the box and play my dvd 's flawlessly in high definition . my laptop display ppt presentation keep the display on the computer on for dual image to either stay at the laptop or use a remote . you will need a male to male computer monitor cable - they sell they at wally world for $ 20 or best buy for the same price if you want to keep it old school and simple . the display be crisp and clear . it have solid self adjust screw up \/ down leg that function well and a lot better than other flimsy projector 's i have look at . if you do not want to use a laptop and want to run it usb : it have a usb input for thumbdrive to play jpg , mp3 's , mpeg 's , wmv 's , avus 's . you have to create a folder on the usb and `` save as '' jpg format for a ppt slide in powerpoint to use a stand alone thumbdrive with no computer - be sure to name the jpg slide as a , b , c , d , e instead of 1,2,3,4 when just use a thumb drive . it be easy and not a task to flip through the folder and image file create for presentation and pause they if need . you can also play a mp3 sound file during the presentation as background music if you need to . the remote for the projector be great and i do not even have to point it at the machine for it to pick up and function . i point it at the wall 15 ft away and it bounce back at the machine and work fine . the remote work great for the dvd function and it be nice to have a all in one device vs cable and separate device - external dvd player . the sound be fine , i wish it have be louder to bump it up 20 - 30 watt speaker to blast it , but it be as loud as a standard large lcd tv . that be the only draw back to it . you have the option of hook external speaker up to it if you want to . i do not need to . it be a nice device that will serve both purpose i buy it for - worth every penny spend for it . i would recommend it . if you want a more professional model , the epson - powerlite presenter wxga projector with dvd player be the next step up in higher resolution and price . the resolution provide in this model be more than enough to do what i want and feel satisfied for the purchase amount pay .
478	Projector	POS	5	buy this projector a couple of week ago , shipping be prompt . just for reference sake , i use this projector for design on item for airbrushing -lrb- i run a airbrushing studio out of my home -rrb- . the vga cable connection work extremely well for a computer monitor , but i wind up swap out the vga for a hdmus as the resolution translation do better on the hdmi for my setup . the projection lighting be bright and be viewable in a partially light room on a smaller screen -lrb- 4:3 -rrb- . the color saturation be excellent , and the picture be decent sharp . if you buy this projector expect hd picture quality you will be sorely dissappointed however . the maximum resolution be 800x600 and it display hd by degrade the picture signal to a format that it can use . however , for the extremely reasonable price , you be not go to find much better . the fan be rather loud , but keep the projector nicely cool -lrb- great for bulb and component duration -rrb- . i have not have need of the audio so i can not vouch for the quality , but i have read review say that it be exceptional in comparison to other projector . hope this review help . overall this reasonably price projector be a extremely good value .
542	Projector	POS	4	this projector be really easy to use and seem very durable . it be really easy to hook up , however , i have a mac and you need to purchase a different cable than what come in the box-depending on how new you laptop\/mac computer be . the image quality be pretty good-but i think it be really terrific for work related usage and for viewing with small gathering . mean it be not like have a movie theater in you home but for the basics-presentation , screen something for a group of people i think it be a good price and a durable , easy to use machine .
157	Projector	POS	5	this be a good travel projector . it work well in medium to low lite . you have to buy a extra adapter to connect you ipod . the battery only last about a hour .
48	Projector	POS	5	it work ok , but for the price i would go buy the one from apple . at time the connection be lose . it be a little sensative .
693	Projector	POS	5	i would say that this be a pretty nice screen . for the money that i pay it worth it . nice picture and easy setup .
803	Projector	POS	4	you receive what you pay ... no more would be nice to have a audio output to connect speaker when you watch movie from the sd memory . the subtitle most of time be not clear enough . but for you hundred buck ... its ok .
434	Projector	POS	4	the projector be lightweight , easy to set up and work well with ipad , iphone and ipod touch with the only include cable . surprisingly the speaker be good and there be a audio out port to connect external speaker . here be some con : 1 . it be only limited to apple device and computer with vga output . so you can not connect android phone , kindle fire etc. . 2 . it mirror only ipad 2 and also need vga cable for that . 3 . build in stand be flimsy and you need a tripod . 4 . amazing that a three hundred buck device do not include a 2 dollar bag to keep charger , cable , projector and a small tripod in one bag . 5 . the manual be incomplete , e.g. there be a micro usb port on the cable without any mention in the manual . i presume it be for charge . 6 . relatively expensive . with these limitation , the device work well .
208	Projector	POS	5	after month of pricing and feature comparison 's , i opt for the epson 71c lcd projector , since it be the best price xga -lrb- 1024x768 -rrb- projector available . there be less expensive model with lower resolution -lrb- vga -rrb- , and other xga model that go as high as $ 14,000.00 ! factor to consider be : lumen -lrb- brightness -rrb- , resolution , video input -lrb- vga\/svga\/s-vid \/ hdtv -rrb- , lifespan of the bulb -lrb- hour -rrb- , and cost of the bulb -lrb- replacement bulb for this model on the internet be -lrb- price range -rrb- -rrb- .  the most common application for projector be business presentation , so if this be you use , the weight may be important .  i have a hdtv tuner card and a dvd player on my home pc , so connect the epson to my home pc turn my living room into a high definition theater ! you can connect directly to you pc or , as i do , use a svga cable splitter . with the splitter , i can use the regular monitor without use the projector in order to conserve the lamp life -lrb- rate at 1500 hour -rrb- .  the epson can turn the image upside down , if you need to mount it from the ceiling . keystone correction compensate for a angled projection by turn the trapezoidal image back into a rectangular image .  the unit have function flawlessly -lrb- get it in january 02 -rrb- . since i have not use other projector , i can not compare it with other unit ; but i have no regret with this product . order thru amazon.com be convenient and painless , no sale tax , and free shipping !
329	Projector	POS	5	this projector rock , the color and picture be excellent ... plus they give you a extra bulb , and bulb be only 30 buck ... great product very happy
83	Projector	POS	5	this mount have a solid adjustment mechanism for easy aim and , just as importantly , easy lock so it stay put after adjustment . i want a mount that keep the projector very close to the ceiling , and this be quite low profile . the mount arm be solid and easily adjustable , and it come with very large lag bolt to go into you ceiling , make it easy to install this securely . the most pleasant surprise be the plastic cover over the ceiling plate and projector screw , so the finish product be quite attractive too .
292	Projector	POS	5	this technically be my third projector so i be experience in projector . my infocus screenplay 4805 have reach 3000 hour and the lamp burn out . i be ready to upgrade . at first i buy the sanyo plv-1080hd as a open box buy . when i get it home , to my dismay there be over 700 hour on it ! bummer !! since i have 30 day to return it , the salesman tell i new projector be on the way and to hold tight . -lrb- i would never buy a demo projector again ! -rrb- well two week later i see the epson in the store . since i have the sanyo for 2 week , i have something to compare it to . the black be twice as good . it be super bright . the color pop like a lcd tv . basically it turn my white screen at home into the world largest flat panel . they have a gray screen at the store and the whites be still plenty bright . the screen at the store have glass particle that show up and be distract during the movie , so i will not be purchase a glass particled screen . both projector be much better at my home . the demo room have too much light near the screen . at home , i be a little alarmed by the epson 8100 's oversaturated color right out of the box . the sanyo be pretty good right out of the box , but the epson demand adjustment . on hdtv -lrb- cox -rrb- most of the people be overly reddish . one of the preset mode for hdtv remove too much color . i find a review of the projector that include calibration configuration and that make a world of difference . that be when it start to shine even on eco mode ! -lrb- i think it could beat sanyo plv-1080hd 's brightest mode on eco mode ! -rrb- i be so excited to have purchase this brand new . i find it a definite upgrade to be able to go 4000 hour on a bulb and only pay $ 300 for a replacement versus sanyo 's approximate 2000 hour and $ 400 for a replacement . blu-ray be awesome on the epson 8100 . razor sharp . even up close to the screen , you can hardly see the porch screen . the contrast and shadow detail be notable . there be plenty of parameter to adjust this projector . with the warranty , lamp life , and awesome picture . i will definitely be please for a long time . some review go back and forth about organic versus inorganic panel and guess about what kind of panel this projector be make of . the two year warranty give i peace of mind that if the panel go bad , i will get it fix . i have use a projector since 2005 and i have use it for tv , movie and some computer use . i do cut it off if i be not watch but i have fall asleep a few time . it be on most of saturday and sunday . still in 4 year , i only use the in focus for 3000 hour . i have consider have a lcd tv in addition so i could save the bulb , but i can buy a lot of bulb for that cost and even a 52 '' tv seem tiny after be accustom to a 92 '' screen . i be watch larry king and the wall behind he be true black . the color be awesome . cnn shine ! sports look great . -lrb- sports be dim on the sanyo plv-1080hd . -rrb- my projector be at least 20 foot away and give off plenty of light even with my light on . accord to one of the review , the light be considerably cut when you have it too far away . i have it at the longest distance where you can have it 100 '' and use eco lamp with the light off and it be plenty bright . i have it on a shelf in the back of the room so i can still enjoy my ceiling fan in the summer . the exhaust vent on the front be a life saver on this unit . the sanyo be blow hot air and some bright light out the side of they projector . the sanyo do have a door to hide the lens but epson have a lens cover . since i can easily reach the lens , i 'll just put the cover on , when i be finish . i may even purchase a full projector cover for when it be not in use to cut down on dust . there be overwhelming positive review for the sanyo , but this epson will blow it away . even the exterior design in a little more sexy in pearl white and a little bit more stream line and less boxy . finally , do not pay full price as it be a buyer 's market . i get a awesome price at a major retailer and for 0 % financing , so get yours today ! get this projector !
770	Projector	POS	5	when i first get this product , i think it be not work , because i have not adjust the lens . of course i feel like a idiot when i do , but i also feel like i be on top of the world when i do , too . the clarity of this projector be second to none . if it be hd ready , you can plug up to it which be the simplest way . i hook up my mac mini and my sony to it , and after a little over a month of usage , i still can not believe how vibrant the picture be . plus , in the simplest form of the concept of a projector , you do not need to lug around a t.v. all you need be a wall . bulb life i have not see yet , but it seem to be pretty nice , because it 'll sleep itself the same time you computer sleep itself with no screensaver and i can leave it on over a two day weekend and have no problem with it . like it , love it , want some more of it . on the other side of thing , i have now become addict to hi-def , so if it be not hi-def , it 'll show on this projector all the little detail and pixellation , but that be completely the fault of the quality of video or medium be show . however , if it be hd , get ready for a wild ride ! ideal for anyone start up or want a home theater . optoma , you have certainly win i over . buy it !!!
894	Projector	POS	5	i find it very easy to setup on both pc and macintosh computer . oddly , i have a small issue install the usb driver on my mac laptop . when i connect the usb cable to my mac , the mac pop up a alert that it could not identify the keyboard . i dismiss that dialog box and proceed with the usb video driver installation and once that be do , the projector pair up with the computer easily . no issue whatsoever connect the vga cable to the pc with windows 7 . the projector be immediately recognize by the laptop and the computer automatically start send the video signal to the lcd projector . brightness be in my opinion outstanding , even in a bright room with a lot of fluorescent lighting . i have my projector 8 foot from a wall and the image on the wall be roughly 6 foot wide and about 44 inch tall . i be impress with the amount of feature in this very reasonably price projector . the image be relatively sharp at 800x600 resolution and a zoom control on the projector be a unexpected feature that allow you to zoom in on photo or whatever be be project . the keystone adjustment let you correct for off axis projection angle within reason . just about everything can be control with the provide remote control . the remote even include a electronic pointer function that you can move on the screen via the arrow control . a good variety of port be available include rca audio port , s-video , vga cable and there be also a usb typea document camera port . a kensington security lock slot be also available . there be no hdmus connection on this model . the projector let you upload a company logo or image of some sort that can be permanently use as the `` startup screen '' when you first turn the projector on . this can also be password protect thus give some amount of protection if the projector be steal . the operation of the projector can also be protect by a password if you wish . lamp life be project to be up to 4000 hour or up to 5000 hour in eco mode -lrb- which reduce lamp brightness and fan noise since the bulb run cooler -rrb- . there be several color mode to choose from if you wish to tweak the balance depend on what you be project . overall i be very pleased with the ease of operation and quality of output provide by the epson ex3210 multimedia projector .
412	Projector	POS	5	i be very satisfied with this purchase . product be a good value and arrive in excellent condition . i review many brand and model and select the epson 705hd base on performance and budget . anything better would have be twice the price . my family and i be enjoy movie on the big screen .
717	Projector	POS	5	this unit be just amazing .  although the rating be 800x600 , you can display 1024x768 with excellent result . if no one tell you , you would not know that 1024x768 be not the native resolution .  it be very light , and come with a remote that double as a mouse for you computer , which enable you to deliver presentation in a very professional manner .  although the rainbow effect that plague early generation dlp projector be present at time with this unit , i be not bother by it . you can only see it if you look for it , but be non-existant if you be captivate by the movie or show you be watch .  other point : - 1 composite video in - 1 s-video in - 1 vga in - 1 audio in - manual focus -lrb- that be a minus -rrb- - electronic lamp hour usage tracking - 4:3 , native , or widescreen -lrb- 16:9 -rrb- display mode - digital keystoning - it be as loud as a standard computer . so , at night you will notice it when all other sound be mute . that noise be usually cover up by the movie or tv sound or during the day by daily noise .  finally , there be two extra bonus when you get the unit . - the bulb now last 4000hr instead of 3000hr as advertised - it be 1100 luminen instead of 1000 as advertised - the bulb price be down to 299 buck , which make it very economical
621	Projector	POS	5	this be a impulse buy . my wife 's birthday be draw near and i know she would love a projector to watch movie together but i be not ready to invest more than 500 $ on something that we will not be use daily . i be very pleased with the purchase . pro 1 . less than 500 $ 2 . work for home movie ! 3 . bright at 2500 lumens 4 . value for money if you use it for occasional view con : 1 . no hdmus input : - -lrb- 2 . low resolution i.e. no hi-def
745	Projector	POS	5	check many other screen this size and they all be at least $ 100 more . screen arrive on time , do have someone help i put it up . screen be big and heavy and do require 2 people to install . require a stud finder . screen work great , very quiet , and the quality be really good too . watch movie on it all the time . got 2 remote with it which work from 20 + foot . get the deal at -lrb- ... -rrb-
251	Projector	POS	5	product perform as good as original unit but at a much better price . time will tell if the product last as long , but up to this point i be well satisfied .
476	Projector	POS	5	impression upon open the box , i be very impressed with the weight , size and look of this projector . it be very small , yet have a nice quality look and feel . the monster battery pack give it a heavy , but not-too-heavy feel . there be a nice selection of accessory in the box , include a ac adapter , composite video cable , vga cable with audio plug , triple rca female to female adapter and a apple adapter -lrb- although this may not be include normally -rrb- . i have in mind when testing that this be not a 2500 luman projector nor be it to be rate base on its comparison with one . feature the battery feature be just awesome . no regular projector can do that ! it do have a small kickstand that tilt it up slightly , but also have a mini flexible three-legged tripod to make it easy to manage steeper angle or uneven surface . -lrb- it have a universal tripod screw hole , so any tripod would do . -rrb- it have a speaker inside -lrb- 0.75 watt to be exact -rrb- . input keep in mind that the input be analog , so no input hdmus , dvi or displayport without downgrade it first to analog with equipment . you device must have a analog output . out-of-the-box it can do a analog vga jack from a computer and a plain yellow rca composite video input . many device like dvd player , comcorder and the iphone\/ipad can do analog video out today , but new device like many android smartphone and flip cam do digital only , so be careful . here be the other cable that be available :  3m pocket projector mp160\/mp180 cable for ipad , ipod , itouch  this be the ideal situation for this projector . in this scenario , it look great . it have all the brightness you need to show you family video or picture . i then try it at nighttime , but with light on . while it be not terrific , it be still viewable for picture or video , especially if i keep it within 6 foot of the wall -lrb- thereby limit the picture size -rrb- . the same go for daytime while block some ambient outside light -- it be not bad view photo and video . a high contrast powerpoint presentation , on the other hand , look good in each circumstance . testing device first i test it with my iphone 4 . i could not quite get the connector to plug into the phone with my case on -lrb- although i can get it to work if i do not move they too much -rrb- , so i put it in my wife 's iphone 4 . it do what apple allow the a\/v adapter to do -- play a photo slideshow , play video , youtube and a few other thing . next i follow 3m 's recommendation and try the  apple ipad dock connector to vga adapter -lrb- mc552zm\/b -rrb-  a few time i have to fiddle with unplug and replugg , but it do do mirroring with the ipad 2 and iphone 4 . however , there be a strange flickering every few seconds that make it unusable with both device . i try with a composite video adapter from the ipad 2 , but it do not do mirroring with that cable . i next try my laptop with the vga adapter . i put the computer into presentation mode and the projector take the 1280x768 resolution and it display it well . the image be stretch vertically since that be not the native resolution . i find that powerpoint presentation , picture and video look good just like this . however , any fine text be too blurry to read . i pull the resolution to 800x600 and it look perfect ! so , that make this just like many of the under $ 500 full size projector on the market -- 800x600 natively and it adapt higher resolution down to that level . here be the resolution it can downscale itself : 1024x768 , 1280x768 , 1280x960 , 1440x900 -lrb- and 640x480 , 800x600 -rrb- plus three mac resolution . next , i try a dvd player , which work great , since the dvd player have a composite video jack -lrb- remember , no digital input on the projector -rrb- . as for the audio , it sound like a small and tinny speaker -lrb- because it be -rrb- and sound much worse than my laptop 's speaker , but sound similar to a smartphone . just like the 32 luman brightness , this be design for a small audience of a few people , so the speaker do its job . battery i run a test and allow a iphone to run through a slideshow of picture and video , which a small amount of time take by video with audio go through the speaker . it be able to make it for two hour , and i be very impressed . overall if you get a full understanding upfront of what this can do and what it can not do , i would recommend it .
641	Projector	POS	4	i add this as a second projector in we church basement . note that there be no way to adjust the picture size other than to move the projector itself . it do work like advertise , and have a good picture , -lrb- you may need to darken the room if you be go to use it in the daytime -rrb- and even have built-in speaker . i try it first , and then opt to run plain 50 foot stereo cable with rca type plug , not video cable , and the picture be still very good . the direction booklet that come with it be 99 % useless . -lrb- example : when use the remoter . -rrb- the shipper could not locate my house , even though we have have hundred , if not thousand of delivery use the same address . the seller find out what the holdup be on the delivery , and be very helpful . all in all , i would buy another one or recommend this to anyone else - with the note above .
833	Projector	POS	5	the time from order to delivery be very good . i love the projector . it do just as describe in they literature . clear picture in a dimly light room and very good picture in a dark room . the fan be a little loud but if there be some background sound it be not noticeable . actually not much different from some bulb type projector i have work with . overall i would recommend this projector .
313	Projector	POS	5	love the alarm clock , it have 2 alarm that can be set for weekday , weekend , or both : easy to set and alarm signal blink when you use snooze function .
939	Projector	POS	4	i be about to buy this thing - but notice there be not info on contrast ratio - which be important if use it in a darkened room . probably cause it do not have a good contrast ratio . staples have it list at 2,000 to 1 . but , it will probably be fine . i will add more when i get it and use it . i have use the ex50 and it seem fine , and epson customer service be excellent -lrb- have to replace the first one send as it do not work -rrb- . also , it talk about a hd quality picture ??? but the wide xga be not a high def quality image . that would be 1920 x 1080 . most popular home theater projector resolution wide xga 1280 x 800 1,024,000 total pixel hd 1920 x 1080 2,073,600 total pixel i be no expert , but notice these two bit of info that be lack or incorrectly imply . correct i if i be wrong - please . one good site say : `` wide xga projector will deliver great result when feed a 1080p signal , just not as great as they hd counterpart . that say , you would be hard-pressed to tell the difference between the two unless you be project a very large image , say eight foot diagonal or more . '' `` contrast ratio literally refer to the difference between the blackest black and the whitest white in a image . a projector with a contrast ratio of 10,000:1 be not necessarily five time better than one with a 2,000:1 ratio . the contrast ratio do not account for how the projector display all the shades of gray in between the blackest black and whitest white . look for projector with more control setting . multi-color processing technology like brilliantcolor and srgb mode will allow you to really tweak the projector 's display to you liking . ''
152	Projector	POS	5	excellent project with enough brightness in the room with window . all function be work well as describe by panasonic . lighting remote control be helpful in dark room . it be definitely worth $ $ $ $ you pay for this project .
849	Projector	POS	5	i order this item and it be one of the best investment i have ever make it work great good picture and kind of small and light weight . also it seem durable the remote work well and it get far range . i love it so far .
127	Projector	POS	5	this be a total awesome projector ! i believe it be one of the better one for it be price & the picture be totally awesome for the size it can project . definately get what you pay for , so do not be fool into buy less expensive projector that will disappoint , when this will satisfy you home theater craving . sure if you can afford higher lumens , contrast , & \/ or resolution . this be a great starter projector until the more expensive price start drop more & all plazma & other become more affordable .
7	Projector	POS	5	just have to order my first replacement bulb for the 8100 , get 1750 hour out of it and have have no other issue whatsoever . as i be check for replacement bulb on amazon i think i would check on the review for this projector and be surprise to find out about all the problem people have , especially with the bulb . i buy the unit in november of 09 -lrb- previously own a panasonic -rrb- and have use it almost daily since then . set up be in the basement , good airflow , room temperature year round at about 68 degree . i clean the filter monthly , have not touch the fan yet , run in eco mode at all time . under these condition i have have zero issue with the unit , and even though i actually feel that 1750 hour be a bit low -lrb- i get 2500 hour on the panasonic -rrb- , see the complaint on here i guess i can count myself lucky . i would also mention that no one can ever seriously expect the hour on a lamp that a manufacturer estimate , 4000 hour be practically impossible to achieve , but i do expect around 2500 hour or so . have say that , i be overall extremely happy with the product and be wait for the replacement bulb to arrive soon . if any other issue arise , i will update .
371	Projector	POS	4	when i purchase it , i be impress by the ability to project show without a pc attach . but in practice it seem there be more option than i have realize . i try out the 802.11 g wireless connection to a laptop . it work fine for slide , but be unacceptably jerky for video -lrb- mpeg2 and dvd 's -rrb- although this may have be due to the older laptop i use . i do not try out the multiple laptop connection feature but presume it work the same . i also show my presentation without a pc . this process require you to install they software , and then to convert you powerpoint . ppt show to the epson-recognizable format . place the resultant file on you usb thumb drive which plug into the projector and off you go . worked perfectly on simple presentation , but do not sequence some of my fly-in label properly . -lrb- they all three fly in at once . -rrb- so if you have a more complex presentation , i would be prepare for surprise . it show a folder of -lrb- non-powerpoint -rrb- jpeg image without a hitch . advance they with the remote be intuitive . but `` pc-free '' projection of mpeg file be hit-and-miss . one work fine , one do not project at all . other feature -lrb- auto-keystone correction etc. -rrb- all work as expect . i like the product , but i be not depend on it for video .
875	Projector	POS	5	you do not need additional cable to mirror ipad , ipad2 , iphone3g , iphone4 , iphone4 !!!! when i first get it i run some test , be initially disappointed it could not mirror my iphone4 . then i find out i have to buy additional cable -lrb- what the hell ?! -rrb- and be not happy about that ! so i start research ... . . after 2hours bingo !! find a free solution ! if you have a jailbroken ipad1\/ipad2 or iphone -lrb- any version ! -rrb- goto cydium and search for tvout2 once u install tvout2 -lrb- it be free -rrb- , you will not need additional cable to mirror you ipad\/iphone screen !! just the include 3m cable be enough !!! it will mirror exactly what be on you idevice screen with the sound come out from projector ! can play angry bird or browse the net with projector ! that little application make this projector amazing ! without this amazing tvout2 app , the projector be 3 star due to additional cable requirement . with this amazing little app , projector be 100 star : d have fun you all
165	Projector	POS	5	i buy this 120-inch screen to replace my outgoing 106-inch screen make by mustang . these appear to be the same manufacturer . the screen come deliver early and superbly packed , no damage . my screen have no installation hardware , but i would not have use it anyway . to mount on a wall , go to lowe 's and spend $ 3.87 on `` screw in '' wall anchor that will hold 50 pound each . you merely make you measurement and press the anchor into the wall to start it and then screw it in the wall the rest of the way with a phillips screwdriver - it take 3 seconds to do this . the screen unrolled easily and the edge do not curl inward as you would expect . there be a new plastic-y smell that go away after a day or so . this be a high quality high gain screen that i would recommend . i leave my screen pull down 99 % of the time , so i can not comment on the durability of the roll-up mechanism , but it appear robust . you can not lose with this screen , highly recommend .
969	Projector	POS	5	i be go to rent a projector for 4 or 5 day at christmas , then i come across this projector which cost almost exactly the same amount as the rental . this thing be great . its small . it have all kind of connectivity choice . it be bright -lrb- which be important for i because the room i use it in be large and have a lot of window -rrb- . it even have build in speaker -lrb- i do not actually use they -rrb- . the replacement bulb be reasonably price . it be extremely easy to use . do not bother with the manual - just hook it up . i have both a s-video and hdmus connection at the same time , although i would only power up 1 device at a time : this thing detect that and automatically switch to the live connection . i be now project it on a 110 '' screen and it look excellent with 720p content or higher , which it will down-convert to 720p which be its native resolution . the only negative be that the remote have a narrow line-of-sight , the zoom range be very small and there be no lens-shift : none of these be problem for i and i would not expect the last two in a projector that be so inexpensive . if you want a nice projector for a unbelievably low price , this be it .
798	Projector	POS	4	great price fast shipping pack very well . unfortunalty unable to speak about product as it be not the lamp that be out the unit be break and have it send out for service
980	Projector	POS	4	this be a pretty good value for the price . i wish it have focus on the remote -lrb- it be manual on the lamp -rrb- and i really wish the picture would scroll down smaller -lrb- it be too big for my screen from across the room -rrb- but it work properly , have good color , clear picture , and be easy to set up . vent get quite warm , pay attention to the warning label . good compact product . fast shipping from amazon .
812	Projector	POS	5	the p4 , after research be the pico projector i decide to go with . it be surprisingly bright for its small size . the image be crisp and clear . i mainly use it to project movie from my laptop but it come with windows ce so if you be one to do presentation , with a usb mouse you can use the build in software to access word\/powerpoint\/excel . i have use a apple vga adapter to mirror my iphone 4 as well and it work brilliantly . i would definitely recommend this projector if you be in the market for a small , portable projector .
848	Projector	POS	4	this product be good for the use at night . . very dark room . absolutely worst if you intend to use in day time . the power chord do not match with we socket in australium ... lucky i be that i have a extra power adapter-otherwise have to buy one . the other setback be it dont have key stroke option for the image with teh remote control . i have another mitsubishus dlp projector worth $ 2200 . but this one be only $ 250 . therefore , over all comment be - it be wonderful when you consider the price and the output provide u use this in really dark room .
399	Projector	POS	4	my wife want a dual alarm clock with a red display because red be suppose to be less disruptive to sleep . the good : very large , clear , bright , red display the radio have surprisingly good reception and sound very good when listen to news . i have not try listen to music but it be probably a little lack in bass response . the user interface be about as intuitive as it could be give its large number of feature and the manual be also good . large project time . on a surface 6 foot away , the number be 10 '' high battery backup allow the alarm to wake you even if the power be off the bad : this clock be not a `` atomic '' clock that receive very accurate time signal from government transmitter . it be simply preset to the correct time at the factory and be run on its battery backup when you get it so you might have to fine tune the time anyway . this also mean that , the next time congress change when daylight saving time be , which last change in 2007 , this clock 's automatic setting of daylight savings time will be wrong . fortunately , this feature can be turn off . the two brightness setting only change the display on the clock and not the project time . there be very little perceive difference between the two brightness setting and i think both be too bright for nighttime use . i think the project time be a little too bright and this be not adjustable and in some orientation of the projector you get a slightly distracting glare of the project light off the lens at the top of the projector . although you can focus the project time , my clock can not get all the number in sharp focus at the same time . this be a bit annoying but the projector be still very usable . the backup battery be cr2450 which cost over $ 7 dollar at radio shack and about $ 5 from amazon . you can get they cheaper through amazon from third party but i always wonder if those be counterfeit . the battery should last for year if the clock be keep plug in so this be not a huge issue . i wish they have use a pair of aa 's instead . although the project time can be rotate 180 degree , it can not be rotate 90 degree so if the clock be on a night stand at the side of you bed and the main display be face you , number project on the ceiling be 90 degree off from where you would like they . the unusual : i buy this clock after read the review that it be too bright . i figure , be a electrical engineer , i could modify the clock and either make the dim setting dimmer or add a light sensor that adjust the brightness base on room light . i be , with the addition of 6 part that can be find at radio shack , able the change the dim setting into a automatic setting that dim the clock nicely when the room be dark . the brightness of the dim setting could also have be change by change the value of a single component . the modification fall into the category of do not try this at home unless you know what you be do . i could not find a clock that already have this feature even though i have a clock from 1980 that do . i could not get into the projector to dim that so i just color the lens with a sharpie to make it dimmer . have take the clock apart , i would say it be reasonably well make and it even have a adjustment for the accuracy of the backup time so it may be reasonably accurate when leave unplugged . overall , i would recommend this clock if you do not mind the bright display .
305	Projector	POS	5	packaging : the corrugated crate that the radio sit in act as a protective outer which allow the radio to be deliver in one piece . it also sit in plastic to protect it from scratch while travel ; the outer box be also make of a tougher cardboard so all in all i think they do a great job with packaging . instructions\/assembly : i be not a tech savvy person , nor do i do well with assemble anything i do not care how much instruction be give . i be more of hand on person who enjoy a human facilitator . however the instruction receive with this product allow i to check the projection on the clock , set both alarm one and two ; one for weekday and the other for the weekend . lastly no more wake up to loud buzz or music i have choice with the timex redi set alarm clock dual radio . i can choose to wake to soothing sound like water running , the ocean , chime , music or that annoying buzz buzz . appearance : the radio itself be actually smaller than expect so i be pleasantly surprise . my night table be a pretty decent size ; however i would like my bible to share a piece of it . today my bose wave radio take up most of the space . so the size be good news . usage : i only have one word `` easy '' aliow i to explain i do not have to waste time punch button all i have to do be select my time zone and the redi set computer system automatically set the clock . but if you want to manually set the clock 5 or 10 minute fast that option be available as well . see easy . bonus : projection operation i like the image of the time display on my ceiling , no more waking and turn my head to face the clock , if i sleep on my back all i have to do be open my eye ... i love this clock so much i put my bose on the telephone table and move this one to my night stand . product provide by amazon prime for the express purpose of this review . . laverne
311	Projector	POS	5	solid construction . have about 6 different pivot point that can be adjust to accommodate almost any installation . one thing that i do that be probably out of the ordinary be that i actually mount the unit to a 18 inch piece of 2x6 . i have a drop ceiling so i have access to the bare joist . the 18 inch 2x6 fit perfectly between the joist . then i attach 2 small piece of wood to either joist . this allow i to lift the projector with the 18 inch piece of wood and simply rest it on the lip of each small piece of wood . this type of installation allow i to remove the projector and mount from it be rest place without have to use a single tool .
325	Projector	POS	5	reviewer `` michaeldavidsj '' complain that he be expect a more sophisticated remote control for this projector . `` michaeldavidsj '' would prefer a wireless remote -lrb- like that use for tv -rrb- rather than the standard hard-wired kodak remote that be connect to the projector through a electrical cable terminate with a plug that must be plug into the projector . if `` michaeldavidsj '' have the wireless remote that he want , he would have to divert he eye from the picture on the screen , so that he could turn he body and aim the remote at it be receiver on the slide projector -lrb- in the dark -rrb- - every time he want to change to another slide . what a monumental distraction and inconvenience this would be for the projectionist when try to enjoy a slide show at home ! fortunately , this procedure be not necessary with the standard hard-wired kodak remote . aim a wireless remote for slide projection at home be different than for view tv . with tv , the viewer face both the tv screen and the receiver for the wireless remote on the tv . with slide projection in a typical room at home the projectionist\/viewer face the screen but almost never face the receiver for the wireless remote on the projector , because the projectionist be view picture on the screen and be often located to one side of the projector -lrb- except when sit right behind the projector -rrb- . a wireless remote be useful for a speaker\/projectionist in a large room -lrb- such as a auditorium -rrb- when make a presentation to a audience , because in this case the speaker\/projectionist face the receiver for the remote on the projector while face the audience . i would never purchase a wireless projector remote for any application other than such a presentation .
77	Projector	POS	5	i have have the product now for over a month . i can not find a flaw . the flashlight be handy and it work . the sound be excellent -lrb- we baby find they soothing -rrb- . and the projector work well and have excellent range .
757	Projector	POS	4	well , now there be a new model that be perhaps quite better , but this be a wonderful piece ...
26	Projector	POS	5	we have have the original for 5 year when this one finally give up the ghost . we use it for the purpose of theater entertainment and have serve we well . in the 5 year we use 2.5 lamp -lrb- 1\/2 use be still in the broken unit -rrb- . for the price it sure beat buy a 60 '' tv set , and we have a 120 '' screen . thanks for a great product .
862	Projector	POS	5	we get this mount to go with a  epson powerlite 77c 2200 lumen multimedia projector  set up be very easy with plenty of hardware for different environment and need . we need the extension so we could mount it to the cement ceiling over 2 ' above the ceiling tile . the hollow post allow for at least some cable management . it be easy to adjust for the specific projector -lrb- though if you have a decent spatial\/mechanical sense you may find it preferable to avoid the instruction for center the projector on the mount bracket . -rrb- the mount be well make , sturdy , easy to set up , and adjust . we 'll be buy more of these for other classroom over the next year .
646	Projector	POS	5	we need a extremely bright projector at we church since we have a huge amount of ambient light and other bright stage light in we sanctuary . this one do the trick ! it be like look at a tv screen even with all the other light on when it shine on we projector screen !!!!!
793	Projector	POS	5	in we business consultancy firm with 15 professional , do presentation be 60 % of we activity . this be we 8th epson projector and we love they . in fact we just buy another ex5210 as a backup . easy to install , it accept any type\/brand of laptop graphic . most of we client react with a ` wow ' when they see the quality and sharpness of the project data\/colors . important reason for choose this projector be the low noise . this machine be a consultant best friend .
328	Projector	POS	4	i buy the fabio riohd-led-2 mini video projector hope for something small and light that could do the job . i have only use the product a few time and it have work quite well . the motor run quietly and the image be sharp and vivid . i do not want to spend a lot of money on a projector , because i do not use it a lot . when i do , i want a product that do not weigh a lot and be easy to transport . the fabio satisfy both category , light and easy to carry . when i use it for extend period -lrb- a few hour -rrb- and it still do the job , i will be even happier . so far , i have only use it for under 30 minute , each time without any problem . i can not comment on how the projector hold up when on for extend period , since i have not use it that long yet .
843	Projector	POS	5	nicely make , and work with my panasonic ae900u -lrb- which have 4 mount point , leave 1 unused -rrb- . stoutly make .
139	Projector	POS	4	i purchase this little projector a week ago and find it quiet and for the most part a exceptional value ... but it take patience to learn how to operate the machine ... there be no manual ! i do find one on line and it really do not explain how to work it very clearly . good luck !
442	Projector	POS	5	soon after i purchase my favus projector i decide to start shop for a screen to go with it . i want something big that could also be easily store away . since i be happy with the projector i decide to give favus another try . this screen work great ! there be no set up require and the metal case be build right in so i can easily hide it away when its not be use . a huge plus for i so i do not have to look at a big 100-inch screen when the kid be not play wius or have a movie night with friend . a + + super happy so far : -rrb-
844	Projector	POS	5	we set this up in we theater room in about 5 min . extremely easy and work great with out mits hc4000 . we do not have to use the extended piece thing : -rrb- delivery be fast ! solid piece . i would highly recommend this to anyone !
181	Projector	POS	5	on a `` tight '' budget for you home theater need ? that be i . i decide not to go above $ 1,500 between audio and video ... well , that be a bit unrealistic if you also count cable and setup , but the optoma ezpro 737 will get you one step closer to you goal . here 's why . it be by far the best bang for you buck , among the sub - $ 2,000 projector . it boast dlp technology for a crisp picture , with a very decent 1800:1 contrast ratio and 1,500 ansus lumen which - along with the native xga 1,024 x768 resolution - make it a great solution for you projection home theater need . if you be not extremely critical , you will even find that it perform very well even if the room where you project be bright -lrb- during the day -rrb- , but i would recommend make sure you have proper blind or projection at night for best result . in any case , if you do not pick this projector , make sure you do not purchase anything that be under 1,500 lumen . ah ! do i mention that it support hdtv ? that be what the xga resolution be all about ! now , on to the hidden cost . since you will be mount on the ceiling -lrb- most likely -rrb- , unless you be extremely handy , count on some $ 400 - $ 700 in installation cost , which may only include labor for run cable to you receiver\/box plus the actual upside-down-mounting to have it hang upside down , etc. . as for you cable , depend on how far you need to run they , they may cost anywhere from $ 50 to $ 150 buck -lrb- tip : get the 50 ft m1-a to rca - component - extension cable from dell for under $ 50 ! -rrb- all in all , this projector be the best thing i have find out there to meet all my video home theater need : quality image and support for hdtv , plus it will not cost you a arm and a leg -lrb- compare to almost everything else out there these day -rrb- . just jump into it know that you will have to spend some $ 600 or more to get it set up for good .
568	Projector	POS	5	look for a top dog portable crossover with best in class image and feature ? so be i. the lt30 's bigger brother -lrb- lt35 -rrb- be pcworld 's top rate projector beat sharp xr-10x , optoma 719 , hp mp2210 . the lt30 be 10 % less watt than the lt35 for 20 % less price . quite the value . i be rainbow sensitive but have not yet see a single rainbow . convergence , screen door effect be all excellent . feature : lightweight 4.4 pound design for crossover use - biz\/home theater instant , dead-on autofocus result in unusually sharp image . instant , dead-on autokeystone autosensing of gamma bulb protect on power failure bulb be warrant for 500 hour or 1 year . 110\/220 volt do not have digital input . vga\/component only . that would seem like a negative but it beat out all other projector , include those test with digital input , in pcworld review .
724	Projector	POS	5	projector come well box in a timely manner . not a plug and play . nothing explicitly tell you that you will need cable to hook up to a tv or a computer . come with a 6 '' cable to attach to a disk player ... if you intend to sit it on a disk player , then you be , do . if you wish to run it from you laptop , you 'll need a cable . i like this one , cables unlimited pcm-2240-15 svga cable with 3.5 mm male to male audio . note as other have , the speaker on the projector can not be hear well at all , i be work on add speaker to it . projector be bright , project very well , black be not super black , but for non-theater like people , it be okay . buy the projector , buy cable at the same time . it seam well make . i use it for class room lecture and some home use , root beer slide show party , it be fine . enjoy it .
351	Projector	POS	5	well , first thing first let get this straight , its not a high end projector so do not expect 400 '' screen . i have set this up in my room from my bed with a satellite connection , and surround sound . i be get a 80 '' screen ! just watch the basketball game the other day and be amaze at how awesome this be . i want to buy a second one for the spare bedroom . pro : cheap , durable , great basic picture . led , optoma be a great brand . cos : no remote . \* if you want something for a living room or basement you might want to go bigger , in lumen . movie like harry potter or the dark knight wouldnt be suitable on something like this . hopefully this help !
68	Projector	POS	5	i be quite impressed with this projector , i need one that will project a fairly decent image in dim -lrb- but not dark -rrb- room and this one work well . i have watch some tv on it and a few movie . in a fairly quiet room the build in speaker will actually suffice . the picture be fairly decent for the money and certainly quite watchable . it accept a hdmus input , though output appear to be sd quality rather than hd . the unit look well make and come with most of the require cable , the hdmi be not include but can be find on amazon.com for a few buck . for the price it really be a bargain and please to watch , easy to set up and though the fan be noticeable , it be not bothersome to i . it do seem to get a little on the hot side but not excessively so and be not a concern at all . it have quite a few adjustment that can be make include sports\/cinema mode etc. . the remote control be very handy and make most adjustment , be careful not to lose it . i buy a low end 60 '' x 60 '' proctor screen and this greatly improve the quality of the image . though a white wall work , the white projector screen make quite a difference if you can afford another $ 40.00 go for it ! i really can not knock this projector , it be not high end and it do not pretend to be , it give you a lot for you money and seem to be well make . a economical way to watch a movie on a wall -lrb- the whiter the better or a screen -rrb- without spend a lot of money !
853	Projector	POS	4	much better quality and feature set than i expect . absolutely no issue with its brightness when use in a dark room . i project to 42 '' . no issue with its dvd limited resolution . fantastic feature set ; very small -lrb- cigarette pack size -rrb- , lifetime mtbf , hdmus -lrb- with pcm audio transport -rrb- , vga , build in speaker -lrb- albeit feeble -rrb- , stereo audio out -lrb- extract audio from hdmus -lrb- pcm only , i presume -rrb- , tripod mount . some neg be : its a noisy sucker in high brightness mode -lrb- quiet in medium brightness mode -lrb- just ok brightness -rrb- -rrb- , non-uniform focus , so lightweight that it be hard to make stable . i recommend mount it on a miniature tripod . i give the pk301 a happy thumb up . its not a flexible use device . it must be match to the right situation . i use it as a bedroom projector . i be look forward to future generation of pico projector because the pk301 prove to i that pico projection have a bright future .
166	Projector	POS	5	this be a terrific projector for my purpose . i be able to connect a inexpensive dvd player directly to the projector to show video for small church group setting . my powerpoint projection be clear . only issue be synce my sound from video on laptop but this be a connectivity cord issue not a projector issue . it have a auto search option that seek the source for you . easy to use and set-up .
650	Projector	POS	4	i hide this screen in my crown molding and it work great . it keep the wall clean for artwork . easy to install and remote work well too . overall exceptional product for the price . the only issue i have be the screen be make for 9 ' ceiling and i have a 12 ' ceiling . i be still try to figure out how to lower the screen 3 more foot . i might even have to find another screen that roll down longer . i welcome any suggestion . i be not afraid to void the warranty on this product . overall you can not beat the price for what you get .
965	Projector	POS	5	after do research for a screen this one be better than expect !!! great deal for the dollar amount i highly recommend !
310	Projector	POS	5	i receive the product undamaged , shipping be prompt . it take i all of 5 minute to figure out how it work , and i be instantly amaze at how clear a picture i could get out of such a small device . it claim to be 720 pixel of resolution , and i would say it achieve that goal . i have currently get it blow up to about 60 inch , and the picture be still satisfy . the device have option for adjust keystone , brightness , and color . it also have a handy focus knob . you can hook it up to anything that have rca output , i have mine attach to a dvd player and it work fantastically for that . pro : very affordable -lrb- much cheaper than a flatscreen tv -rrb- , good picture quality , quiet fan , easy to use , extremely portable , impressive . con : the picture can be a little dim if use in a room with too much light . also the tripod it come with leaf something to be desire . at the angle i have it at , it be far too easy to knock it over . also the internal speaker be pretty weak , but it be easy to attach it to my external bookshelf speaker .
914	Projector	POS	5	i order this projector base upon the very positive review . i be tire of use the traditional computer projector with it be video connector and the associate fuss with the f9 key to get the right output to the projector . this projector connect via the usb port . the projector 's software be self-contained on the unit . installation on my mac laptop be almost instantaneous . the laptop 's desktop appear almost immediately . installation on my windows laptop be as simple and almost as quick . the projector also permit multiple source connection , and the remote allow the operator to toggle between the video source . i receive notice of shipment on sunday , and it arrive on tuesday . that be incredible service .
904	Projector	POS	5	the infocus screenplay 4800 be a reincarnation of the very popular infocus ' x1 dlp projector . the 4800 have a remote but , otherwise , be identical to the x1 . recently infocus have release a x2 model which have 1500 lumen -lrb- brighter bulb , up from 1000\/1100 lumen -rrb- . since amazon like to know about best pricing you can obtain a x2 for about $ 1000 and the x1 be available for $ 900 at various vendor 's on the internet . i purchase my screenplay 4800 at costco for $ 1200 and it include a 6 ' by 3.8 ' self contain -lrb- roll down or up from floor -rrb- screen which be at least a $ 200 value .  this projector -lrb- 4800 -rrb- be a outstanding value and perform with stunning clarity and overall excellence . the accompany documentation be thorough and setup be very easy .  i have use the projector for viewee dvd 's , watch standard cable broadcast sport and tv programming and for project my computer -lrb- notebook -rrb- display all with great ease and great satisfaction . dvd movie view use the projector 's component input produce crystal clear image that be smooth and virtually amazing .  the lamp life be rate at generous 4000 hour and a replacement lamp be price at $ 300 .  any flat white wall will do nicely if you do not have a view screen . even though i have a projection screen i purchase a 48 '' by 36 '' clear white -lrb- reflective -rrb- `` marker board '' -lrb- $ 9.00 -rrb- and mount it on the wall in my home studio and the result be as good as any $ 3000 + plasma screen tv .  the dlp technology rock ! infocus be now -lrb- i believe -rrb- in they 13th generation of projector and they have it down pat . some people may -lrb- very few by percentage -rrb- notice a slight -lrb- and infrequent -rrb- `` rainbow effect '' that be inherent in all dlp technology projector . the `` rainbow effect '' be fleeting and infrequent sparkle in some small area of project video and not something that be continuous nor large -lrb- size of a dime -rrb- . the effect be minimal and fleeting -lrb- one frame -rrb- and be , in my opinion , as close as you can get to `` of no consequence '' . someone who can see these `` rainbow effect '' may notice two or three in a entire feature film . so , if you get a dlp technology projector you may not want to invite any virgo 's to you screening party . : - -rrb-  ideally , to use any projector -lrb- regardless of luman rating -rrb- you need to have control of you ambient lighting . the best viewing be in a room where the lighting can imitate that of a movie theater . you can imagine how a project image would be in a regular movie theater with daylight streaming in through picture window . the same situation will exist in you home . the darker the room the better the visual quality . night time view present no strategic lighting issue .  to get a project image -lrb- 16:9 -rrb- that be 7 foot -lrb- diagonal -rrb- across you will need about 14 foot distance from you projector to you wall or movie screen . eight foot distance will give you a five foot diagonal image . so space -lrb- `` the final frontier '' -rrb- be a consideration . the project image also allow for a view angle of about 120 degree unlike plasma screen tv 's .  bottom line : the infocus screenplay 4800 dlp projector be a expression of technological excellence . stellar movie , jaw drop video , ease of use , legendary bulb life , greatly enhance tv viewing , superior mobility , 2 year part and labor warranty -lrb- exclusive of bulb -rrb- at a bargain price compare to plasma screen tv , lcd tv and some rear projection tv 's .  with the 4800 i have a `` better than '' plasma screen tv , with a minimal footprint , with a 55 inch diagonal picture -lrb- 8 foot from projector to `` message board '' view screen -rrb- and it actually feel like you be on the bridge of the starship enterprise -lrb- spike tv -rrb- and dvd 's be magnificent and televised sport give you the best seat in the arena . if you be look for a dlp projector without have to get a advanced degree in rocket science then the 4800 fill the bill .  o.k. let 's go to press !
125	Projector	POS	5	i love this projector . i actually upgrade from the panasonic pt-ae3000u -lrb- also great -rrb- . i have notice that this projector be brighter , have a clearer picture , better color , and better contrast and black level than the pt-ae3000u . it really shine with blu-ray , but all source look good . not much else to say , but for the money , you can not beat it .
417	Projector	POS	5	great value . excellent flexibility . very good resolution . everything you would want from a small hd projector .
639	Projector	POS	5	well this be my first projector and i get to say that its pretty good , even during the day you can still see the picture if its like a 30 inch size screen . i have not use it unplugged because to i it be like a tv , it need to be plug in , i would not expect the battery life to last long so i do not even bother . i get the control for it which be a must unless you want to keep press button on the projector which end up move the picture . it have its own little built-in speaker which be actually pretty decent sound but its not loud enough for i so i just plug some computer speaker in the audio jack and boom , problem solve . if you have a xbox or ps3 get the hdmus to mini hdmus cable , there like $ 8 and it put the picture to 720p which be not bad for a projector if you ask i . another cool thing be you can flip the image sideways or upside down if for some reason you have to . overall its awesome , especially if you on the go or in the military like i be , you just can not carry around a tv everywhere you go but a projector you can , especially this tiny little thing .
737	Projector	POS	5	so far , so good ... work just fine , and everything be as promise !! thank you . great value in a very timely fashion !!
8	Projector	POS	4	be grate for watch tv and play game for the price you cant beat it not the best but not the worst good for family night
533	Projector	POS	5	i finally get around to remodel the bedroom and do a little over and beyond the `` honey do list '' . since we be remodel , my wife finally agree to a tv in the bedroom but do not want any wire , amp , speaker , ect . in the room to clutter up the new clean look . so i hang a flat panel with this yamaha ysp-1100 under it . -lrb- i highly recommend the wall bracket for a application like this -rrb- . the sub be hide in a undisclosed location and yes i hide the wire . step 1 complete . step 2 require i to make it work and make it easy . the auto-calibration feature be a snap . my bedroom be rectangular and the ysp-1100 sound amazing ! there be sound come from all around the room but look honey , `` no speaker '' . i program it be `` my beam '' feature and so when one of we nod off , the other can still watch tv and not get the `` can you turn it down '' line . well it pass inspection from the executive director of the interior aka the mrs ! bottom line , it sound amazing , look cool and i highly recommend it . in fact , now my condo-livin ' brother-in-law want one and yep , it be be add to he `` honey do list '' .
995	Projector	POS	4	warning : great projector , do not buy for 3d capability , not hdmus 1.4 certify after several year of use a old benq projector we finally upgrade to the q200 . we do some reading on amazon and like the favorable review and decide to go for it . it be a great choice , we mount it in we home theater earlier last week and the image quality be very impressive . pro : great price\/value excellent image quality over hdmi bright vivid image con : strange mount hole arrangement it get a little warm which worry i , but that be probably due to high intensity bulb not 3d ready unless from the computer !!!!
559	Projector	POS	4	great product , it be just what i expect . will be able to show my presentation to a wider audience professionally ... love it !!!
220	Projector	POS	4	i have use this with both my macbook pro and also my ipad with no problem . the re be great and the image be very bright . flawless performance .
950	Projector	POS	5	plasma follower say what you like but this projection be it . awesome clarity , a huge picture , hdtv and no hassle with hang on the wall , tv stand or heavy lift to move the darn thing . yippie aye ay sum it up for i ... and when it get to be summer again i can take it outside on hot night and watch a flick on the wall . do not tell i about bulb life until you read up on this new tech and who say that plasma or lcd 's do not crater within that time frame as well . you say tomatoe , i say tomato , you say plasmo , i say projecto !
160	Projector	POS	5	the b&w; panorama sound bar be my first choice but pricey at $ 2300 . a friend of mine who manage a high-end audio store and familiar with both the b&w; and yamaha line suggest i look at the yamaha 4100 specifically . it have more feature and be almost $ 700 less . i take he suggestion and have be extremely happy with the ysp-4100 . after upgrade the 4100 's firmware to the latest version 7.0.3 , 3d hdmus pass thru from my samsung 3d blu-ray to samsung 3d tv also work properly .
683	Projector	POS	5	i be a little tentative before buy this projector due to the 800 x 600 svga picture , but i be pleasantly surprise that the picture be fantastic . it be bright and vivid , even with some ambient lighting . it do lack a hd input , but as another reviewer -lrb- blaser -rrb- note , you can get around this for less than $ 15 . buy a  vga to rca component rgb cable - 1.8 m - m\/m  if you need a hdmus input , this will do the trick :  vga to hdmi cable m\/m , 6 ft , black -lrb- video card support necessary -rrb-  with these cheap accessory , you can use this projector for 100 '' screen gaming , tv and movie watching , and even computing . as a additional note , we use ours for work seminar and have it run all day with no heating issue .
93	Projector	POS	5	we buy this projector for presentation at we gym and find it very easy to use with great picture quality . would highly recommend !!
801	Projector	POS	5	get a much cleaner look room without sacrifice any loss of surround sound , both in term of fidelity and clean and open sound field that wrap around you viewing as well as any surround speaker system cost ton more .
184	Projector	POS	5	i have over 200 hour on this projector and it be awesome . i have a dvd player and a vcr -lrb- for cable -rrb- hook up to it . the dvd play great and look amazing while the regular cable be so-so . i will have many hour of enjoyment from this purchase and my family be amaze . the only thing that a bummer be no dvi or hdmus input . i have a upconverting dvd player and can not use the better technology . but all in all i be extremely satisfy with my purchase , a amazon.com have be great to purchase from over the year .
449	Projector	POS	5	compact and light weight , this be aim squarely at the travel business person who need to make presentation while travel , but it be also a handy general purpose projector , if you can accept a few limitation in exchange for the low price . pro : very compact , low price , excellent image quality , good color , good build quality , easy to use , good remote con : no hdmus input , remote not backlit the high lumen mean this projector be very bright and can be use in a room with a fair amount of ambient light . a step up from the 800x600 210 model , the 310 's 1024x768 resolution and 4:3 aspect ratio be fine for present and for dvd 's , gaming , and many video format . it be equivalent to 720p hd -- higher resolution than standard dvd video -lrb- 640x480 -rrb- and fine for streaming video , divx , home video , photo , and similar use . it be very well suit for laptop video game with a mid-level graphic card as well . you get epson build quality and reliability , long bulb life , good out of the box color , instant on\/off , usb instant play -lrb- for photo , presentation , and pc display , but not suitable for video -rrb- , and vga -lrb- good for pc video and general display purpose -rrb- . you get vertical -lrb- but not horizontal , that be reserve for the more expensive 315 model -rrb- lens shift and lot of tweaking option -lrb- most of which you will not need -rrb- . this unit be very quick and easy to set-up and use , and quick to shutdown and pack up as well . i use the vga input to connect my laptop to the projector , everything work fine and be quick and easy to setup . projector detect the video signal and the auto config work as expect . i project a 84 '' -lrb- diagonal -rrb- image use eco mode -lrb- lower power\/brightness , less noise , longer lamp life -rrb- and leave the auto iris on -lrb- better black -rrb- . i do not need to make any adjustment to color , everything look good to i . the image quality be excellent for the price . for business purpose , it be very good . for home media , it be acceptable and , at this price , very decent . the black be not `` inky , '' but the image be bright and colorful . also a good choice for gaming via the vga connection . there be no hdmus at this price , not a issue for business use , but it mean you 'll have to use component output to the vga input connector via a special cable -lrb- not include -rrb- for best quality dvd\/movie video . no usb cable be include , either , which be a bit lame in my opinion , but , hey , look at the price ! verdict : the basic idea here be to deliver a good quality , budget projector that feature epson 's key image and build quality , and basic feature , at the lowest cost possible , i believe epson have hit the target and that these projector will be quite popular . i have raise my initial 4 star rating to 5 star base on my test and performance vs. cost -lrb- i.e. bang for the buck -rrb- . a excellent business projector and a handy all-around projector when use with a laptop or desktop pc via the vga connector . --------------------- update 2011-12-01 : photo and art image look very good to excellent . there be plenty of detail , very bright , fairly sharp , wonderful color fidelity , and overall great image quality . i also do some limited testing to see how this unit would work with streaming video for casual movie watch -lrb- e.g. netflix , amazon instant video , etc. -rrb- . image quality be very acceptable . blacks be decent , thing that be black , look black . this be no match for a good home theater unit , no inky black and `` pop '' here , but a very decent and eminently watchable image . would be great for sport , i be guess . i watch some netflix film and they look very good , dvd quality plus\/minus depend on source . the amazon video i watch -lrb- firefly non-hd -rrb- be a bit lower in quality , but still acceptable . some native video -lrb- i.e. play from laptop hard drive -rrb- look great , near or better than dvd quality , youtube video be pixellate due to they low resolution , but the higher rez look ok . -lrb- on a 84 '' image , you be go to notice block and pixellation w\/youtube and other lower quality source , so keep that in mind . -rrb- i use blutooth speaker or headphone for audio - do not bother with the projector audio . all in all , it be fun and i be very pleased with the result . i think many would be perfectly happy with this projector for casual movie\/video use -lrb- just do not compare it to a moderate to high-end ht unit -rrb- . the wonderful hbe -lrb- human brain effect -rrb- take over after awhile and you do not really notice any image quality issue . perfectly enjoyable and very inexpensive by comparison . also very easy to set-up and put-away . i project the image on my light beige wall and even that look pretty good . the auto iris do click a bit occasionally -lrb- as with most other unit -rrb- , but you can turn it off if this bother you . it improve the black a little bit , noticeable , but not a dramatic change . if you do not get too hang up on the lower resolution -lrb- vs. the newer 1080p unit -rrb- , moderate screen door effect -lrb- never bother i at all -rrb- , you 'll have a lot of fun . and , at current price , this be hard to beat in term of fun\/dollars spend .
816	Projector	POS	5	i be look for a projector to use for my home theater as well as something i could rent out -lrb- to recover my cost -rrb- . about a week of research lead i to the x1 . i be originally look at the epson powerlite s1 , but after read several review on it about how pixelated it look . . most reviewer reccomend the x1 over the epson . this lead i to start look at infocus x1 review . i check around several place and here at amazon as well and all of they be very good . as you have probably already read , the main complaint everyone have have be the `` rainbow effect '' . i probably would have never notice it if i have not be look for it when i get it home . you mainly notice it if you move you head after you have blink . i know this sound crazy , but that be when i have notice it . it be not that big of a deal and most of you friend that you bring over to watch a movie will never even notice it ! i have not get the screen yet , have to order it , but even on my white wall it look very nice even with some lighting on . it be much brighter then i expect ! i have try it with my pc connect to watch a dvd and also with my sony dvd home theater system connect up with s-video cable . the picture be about the same . i have order the adapter for the composite signal so that should make the picture even better . hope this help ! i would definately reccomend this projector to anyone look for a low price projector .
62	Projector	POS	5	the price and ease of use be excellent . i use this projector with my macbook at we family reunion to show heritage dvd i make . we also play movie to keep the youngster occupy . it work great . good picture . the sound we use be a amp my husband use for he music gig , attach to the laptop . very satisfy with the product .
265	Projector	POS	4	this projector be extremely small , the size of a iphone with a nice bright picture with vibrant color . great for small group . easy to set up and use . highly recommend .
949	Projector	POS	5	i honestly think that it would not be that great due to the price of the product , but i be highly impress when i get it . it hook up to everything like it say and i love it .
149	Projector	POS	5	i be able to replace my tv lamp very easily with this assembly . the picture quality be very clear . very quick service and reasonable price .
760	Projector	POS	5	we need a projector pronto on one of my project . i volunteer to order one , and really find a good deal at electronics expo . good price , fast shipping , and very good quality product for a reasonable price . will use this seller again .
921	Projector	POS	5	the projector be receive in good order , function accord to specification and my interaction with grahamgannon & co have be cordial and helpful .
70	Projector	POS	4	this projector be definitely the one you want if you be look for one that be affordable , light and convenient . i be a teacher and i love this because it be so easy to set up and use and the display be clear and just like that of those other big and bulky projector . i can actually carry this one in my bag without any hassle . it be compact , and do not need to rear up , do not overheat ... i just can not say enough . . i love it ! i love it ! i love it ! the only reason why i give it 4 star be because of the tripod stand ... due to the imbalance weight , set off by the cord on one side . . the tripod keep fall . so i simply just do not use it and prop it up on book instead . my son first birthday be come up and i intend to use it to project picture at he party . it be so small and light weight ... they would not even know it be there . -lrb- smiley face -rrb- do i say i love this projector !!! well i do ! definitely a good buy for half the price !!
521	Projector	POS	5	for the money , you will not find a better mount for you projector . you will need to have some common sense when assemble you mount and attach it to you ceiling . there be no instruction . there be only a explosion view of the product and one bag full of washer , bolt , and the such . sequence be key to a safe installation . once you get it dial in , it be solid . very happy with this purchase . do not let negative review keep you away . if you like a little challenge in you assembly and have a brain in you head , you will have no problem .
133	Projector	POS	5	i have be very happy with this projector after about 2 month of regular use . it have the feature i need . i would strongly recommend use a hdmus cable instead of a analog one if you source have a hdmus output . this digital cable be pricey -lrb- ~ $ 30 -rrb- , but blow away what you 'll get from , say , a vga cable from you computer or a component video output , which be analog and thus `` dirty '' . i have my projector suspend upside-down from the ceiling use a $ 20 mount kit and project onto a white wall . the specific setup mean i do not have to keystone the image , which degrade some of its quality . the 11 ' screen size turn my apartment into a great little theater for entertaining friend . i block outside light and keep area lighting limit , which mean i can use the `` eco '' energy set all the time and still have good quality . one benefit be that the eco setting be quiet , whereas the full quality setting require the noisy fan to be run in a way that be slightly annoying . in my opinion , the full quality mode be not that much better and mean you 'll probably wear out you bulb out in about half the time , so it be just not worthwhile for i . i be a amateur photographer and often review slide show of my picture on the `` big screen '' . i really appreciate the automatic adjustment the projector go through as the image change . one moment , we may be see a brightly light photograph that the projector have well balanced and then , when it switch to a dark-room shot , it gradually adjust the brightness and contrast to emphasize the subtlety of it that be a bit muted at first . the shift be almost unnoticeable and take a couple of seconds . the result be much appreciate by this enthusiast because it behave as though it have even more color depth than be possible with the physical device . the remote and menu system be simple and good . i can just aim at the wall instead of the device , which be not a give with some device . the `` source search '' button be appropriately the most prominent one , after the power button . keyston seem the next most basic part of set up , especially for people who move they projector around a lot for business , so it be nice that the device and remote make this really easy . i almost never need to use the menu , otherwise . the bottom line be they make the most common feature easily accessible and the menu easy to navigate and understand . although you can use this projector as a tv , keep in mind it be not `` cable ready '' . it have no tuner . you can get a analog tuner with a remote control -lrb- e.g. ,  mygica supercolor hd tv box video converter box  i use the mygica box with basic analog cable use a vga cable connect it to the projector . the quality be pathetic , but that be not the fault of the mygica or epson . one of the only thing that be disappointing at first be that there be a usb port and hint online about a way to stream video through it from you computer . this model do not support that ; the usb port be for plug a usb -lrb- `` thumb '' -rrb- drive in for a instant slide show of still picture . the video stream would have be nice , so i would not have to physically switch the hdmi cable between my blu ray player and pc , but it be not part of my purchase decision . one more significant disappointment be that there be no way to output audio to speaker or a amplifier . the small built-in speaker be no good for a home theater , so i be probably go to end up pay a couple of buck for a hdmus splitter and then possibly $ 40 + for a digital to analog adapter so i can plug in speaker . the rca audio plug on the back of the device be for input of audio , which seem of dubious value . i would have greatly appreciate this be a direct out from the digital to analog device they have to build into it to begin with . one of the thing i pay special attention to be lamp life . the fact that this one have a long project life and be relatively cheap to replace be a big selling point to i . think about this like when you be consider the $ 25 printer that have $ 50 ink cartridge you have to replace monthly .
124	Projector	POS	5	i be really into gadget so this be the second $ 100 projector i have own . the first one i have be the discovery wonderwall and it be horrid . the p1 jr be better and i have to disagree with the last reviewer about this projector capability . i have project image larger than 5 '' with no issue . the only thing about this project that you need to know be that its mean for a dim light room . i would not really expect much from a $ 100 dollar projector the size of a iphone to do more . overall i be so happy with my purchase that i get bigger model from aaxa the m2 .
742	Projector	POS	5	i cant believe the picture quality of this projector be so niceee i purchase a favus 120 '' screen and now i play game and watch bluray movie and the quality , color be simply awesome cant beat this projector for the price for 600 $ i highly recommend this for hd movie and ps3 , xbox360 or pc gaming order the nvidia 3d vision and will write about the 3d review in shortly i also order the 3d gamer so will be use 3d games with ps3 cant get a better deal for the price sandeep
556	Projector	POS	4	my fiance and i just recently purchase this projector as a replacement projector for we home theater and love it . it be easy to set up and we be watch movie and tv in no time . the picture be fantastic for the price and be well worth it . if you be look for a entry level projector that will surprise you this be the one .
911	Projector	POS	5	i order this product from slidecentral last week and it come very soon after ! it be impeccably packed and neat . very easy to unwrap and set up . everything work to my standard for a classroom setting and have come in handy already . the seller also send a conformation immediately to my email and also let i know when it ship ! thanks so much for everything . i recommend this seller to everyone .
610	Projector	POS	5	we old projector die , but the carosel slide holder be still good . they match the new projecter perfectly .
100	Projector	POS	4	very good quality and value for money fifa10 be a pleasure to watch sometime rainbow effect be visible
381	Projector	POS	5	so far this have be a good buy . i be mark tucker , the assistant pastor at old orchard church in st. louis , mo. . this dp be a great find because it do exactly what we need it too . we do not need the extreme high definition image , but we want something that look good and enlarge well . it do get a bit hot after 2 hour of straight use , but i be not sure that this be a problem . the price point be excellent for we as a small church , especially since i get it as a open box discount . i love the option and the keystone feature .
295	Projector	POS	4	this be a really cool product . i have use it attach to my iphone 4 and have no complaint . picture and sound quality be both excellent . setup be easy peasy . we have it out of the box and play a video in we living room in 20 minute top . my kid love watch video like they would in the theater . construction be durable . it seem well make and like a product that will last . this would be so easy to take along anywhere because of its compact size . camping , road trip , or a big move . all three be impend for my family , and i will take this with we to help entertain not only the kid , but the adult as well . battery life be also excellent . i be really digging this little product . we be a homeschooling family , and i be try to think of way to use this projector with the kid 's curriculum -lrb- variety keep life interesting -rrb- . i 'll update my review if i figure it out . i also plan to use this for my girl scout troop 's next movie night . the girl will love it !
678	Projector	POS	4	the potential for this little projector be fantastic . but along with other reviewer , i feel that the technology be not quite on par yet to demand the price . what would be useful be a plug and play device that would allow a travel business person to easily -lrb- note the word : easily -rrb- queue up presentation on a laptop , etc for view in a board room , etc. . when i see this little projector , that be my first thought . i use a  apple macbook pro mc700ll\/a 13.3-inch laptop  after search on the web , i find more information on the 3m site regard this little machine . unless you be desire to watch certain type of media -lrb- movie , ppt presentation or video -rrb- , i could not get the device to work . what about the simple concept of projection ? project my screen up onto a larger screen -lrb- if use a laptop -rrb- . i could not successfully accomplish this . perhaps a later iteration of the product will be more flexible , provide more instruction and fewer cable and confusion . the projector be not short on anything except instruction on how to use it . it be not as plug and play as one would think . the only real thing i do with it be watch a movie from my ipad use a include cable . not very useful since there be not enough sound capability to even count . this little projector be probably just at the beginning of it be type . i have confidence that in the future new iteration will be better and more intuitive . 3 star .
92	Projector	POS	5	i have be use this projector for about a month . so far , no problem . picture quality be very good for a projector price under $ 200 . i order on a thursday and receive it on monday . definitely recommend .
634	Projector	POS	5	its small , quiet enough , cheap enough , tough enough and get the job do . can project a 200 inch image with no loss of image clarity or quality in light controlled environment . i love it .
947	Projector	POS	5	i think it be go to be hard to install but it turn out to be quite simple . its be strong and sturdy and i feel my proyector be safe .
481	Projector	POS	5	i be deploy and this be by far the best use of any money i have ever spend . i can have any size tv i want for so cheap . its really good quality and make for a great thing to bring people together . pro : well where to start , the projector be lead so no warm up , long lifespan mine still like new . you can plug practically anything into it and it always come out crystal clear . this be very lightweight and small so easy to lock up or transport . pretty much everything about this be worth the money you spend on it . con : the speaker on it be barely able to be call speaker , i have hear bed squeak louder then it . the little front stand to make it higher be off center so sometimes it wobble . the remote come with dead battery . as you may be able to tell i have to work at find something wrong with this , yes and for good reason since this be by far the best projector i have ever use . this be not just the best projector , but its the best investment i have make in a long time .
781	Projector	POS	5	we have have we ben-q for over 4 year . we have not have one ioda of problem with it . we have use one lamp and will soon buy a new one . thanks to projector-people there be no surprise . would buy ben-q again . debra
680	Projector	POS	5	as advertise . works well in office situation for presentation . delivery on time . very satisfied . bright enough projector . small and transportable thank you
317	Projector	POS	4	this mount work exactly as state and be infinitely adaptable up to a certain point - the adjustable `` leg '' extend out to increase the overall circumference ... sorry i do not measure the maximal span but in my case , it be about a inch short of be wide enough to span the mount hole on the epson powerlite 8350 that i buy it for . however , the company doe sell longer `` leg '' for a couple of dollar each , or there be a alternative model # that come with longer extension leg ... but some swift search on amazon show you that these option be not available via amazon `` prime '' vendor , and i do not have time to mess about send stuff back , so ... however -lrb- 2 -rrb- if you have four short nut & bolt to spare -lrb- trip to home depot hardware for such a pack - quarter inch circumference by 1 inch long + 4 washer -rrb- you can just join two of the `` long '' leg to two of the additional `` short leg '' that be pre-supplied in the kit and the result extra reach do span the gap perfectly well to accommodate say epson 8350 projector . i will upload a photo -lrb- picture worth a thousand word -rrb- ` cos this be a quick & handy fix for load of other who write about this piece of kit not be suitable for the epson 8350 when amazon be unwittingly display it in the `` what other people buy when they purchase this item '' type of section when you buy a epson 8350 . hope this help - otherwise , it be sturdy enough and i should also add it be infinately adjustable for side-to-side leveling , front-to-back leveling , have a extender bar if you need to drop it down from a high ceiling and also have a pivot plate that attach to the ceiling to accomodate a angled vaulted ceiling like we have . go for it , but not if you have a epson 8350 and you do not want to mess about with the afore-mentioned 4 extra nut & bolt like i use -lrb- hence the 4 star & not 5 -rrb- ... but in all honesty if you can put the thing together in the first place , you can just as easily add four extra bolt & save yourself $ 20 or so vs the other model with the `` long leg '' . ooh-err , missus .
549	Projector	POS	5	two word . `` freak awesome . '' i would use a different word than `` freak '' , but we be in a pg environment here ... anyway , i be a college guy . we have a huge tan wall in we apartment this year . this projector look excellent , even on a tan color wall . projector be 14 ' away , and we be get a 125 '' picture . funny thing be , that be the smallest we could get it at that distance . clear . massive . `` freak awesome . '' video game , sport , movie , etc. . . all look fantastic . for the price , you can not beat it . people complain about `` black level '' on this projector , but here be the thing : if you have never own a projector , you would really never know how `` horrible '' the black be -lrb- i think they look pretty black -rrb- . i be think about get the optoma hd66 , solely base on the black level . i feel like that be a mistake . you can not go wrong with the 2 year warranty from epson , plus the bulb life on this thing be suppose to be excellent . cheaper replacement bulb than most company as well -lrb- ~ 200 buck , from what i have read -rrb- . wonderful product . college student . buy it . you little apartment turn into a theater . sick nasty .
469	Projector	POS	4	the product be perfect and it be deliver in time - cant complain about anything everything top class like most amazon buy
487	Projector	POS	5	we try several different model over the year to use in we vacation\/retirement home and this be the only one that give we a excellent surround experience while also be able to handle we music need . the lack of wire around the house be my wife 's # 1 priority , and my # 2 - my first priority have always be the sound quality and the ability to fill we 19 ' x 25 ' great room . you can tailor the overall sound quality through a number of setting . have be in the reidential and commercial audio\/video industry in the 70 and early 80s in both retail sale and as a manufacturer ' rep , i be well aware of the development in surround sound and have watch it evolve . i more often deal with recording and sound reinforcement product - the former usually involve small monitor and the latter use large scale multiple speaker array and so i tend to lean toward the larger box sound , but this system amaze i . i also sell a large amount of yamaha pro equipment , include they amplifier as well as guitar and electronic keyboard . they product be always among the best and the most reliable . while i agree placement be important -lrb- it be in all system , do not let the industry hype fool you -rrb- i find it work well in a variety of placement position as long as you run the auto setup and then tweak to you liking . please understand that i be a `` early-senior '' with a moderate amount of hearing loss from the aging process , and more importantly from a number of year in work in high sound pressure environment for extended period of time -lrb- in the sound room and on stage -rrb- . i no longer consider myself a critical listener -lrb- i do not listen to `` the sound '' anymore - i listen to the content -rrb- so what i hear may not apply to you need , but i believe this product to be a exceptional value sound bar .
229	Projector	POS	4	i use this screen for my sunday school power point presentation each sunday . this screen be so easy to install and my wife help i hang it . i purchase the manual pull down screen due to we ceiling be low enough that i can reach the pull string , it work like a pull window shade . the screen have great resolution .
743	Projector	POS	5	this clock do it all . love the ocean sound and be able to see the time on the ceiling . i realize that all this be not necessary but for the price you can not beat it . my daughter in law love it and order one too .
560	Projector	POS	5	i will say this without any hesitation , i have not have a single problem with my projector and i have have it for 6 year . when i see so many people say they have bulb problem , i can not help but to think that they must be turn the projector off without allow it to cool . at the moment , i be at 2943 hour and i have have no issue what so ever . i allow the fan to cool the bulb before i turn it off . that be so crucial . the picture quality be great , especially in hd . i will not say it be as clean as a plasma screen tv , but if you have the space , you can have a screen that be big as any wall in you house . i build a screen that be 77 inch . the picture be stunning . the fan fade to the back as you be watch . it be quiet enough to forget it be on when you be watch a movie . the only issue i have with the projector be that the connection be odd . you have to find a 16 pin cable that connect to the rbg rca cable to connect to the dvd . most store do not carry these but you can find they on ebay . just for the record , this projector be great in my book . just follow the instruction in order to maintain the life of you bulb and you will be fine .
427	Projector	POS	5	hack it to run on nvidium 3d vison work great so it run at 720p 120hz edid_override if you need a it its -lrb- ... -rrb-
74	Projector	POS	5	i buy this to have a portable projector for meeting . despite the ` game ' in the name , this work perfectly for powerpoint presentation . it be simple , which mean durable . picture be clear and relatively bright . in particular the led be unlikely to overheat and burn out ... a consistent problem for other projector when you do not have the time for proper cooldown . the 50 luman output seem awfully low in comparison to the 3000 luman value i be see on projector -- but i can not see that much difference -lrb- this be perhaps 30 % to 50 % as bright as a lamp projector , which mean you will have to do with a smaller picture , but it be the area that count , so reduction to 50 % area be reduction to 71 % diagonal -rrb- . some review mention problem with syncing to the vga port , but i have no problem with my acer timeline ... it work right from the start . i be not able to get the vga to work with my desktop , because i could not get the resolution on the card to go low enough for this projector . i suspect that be the problem in the other review where the vga do not work .
658	Projector	POS	5	i get this projector from avsolution . avsolution be quick to ship . when i get the box , i think there might be a pair of 3d glass miss . i request that it be send to i . avsolution respond right away . offer to deal with sony and to get i a new pair . they also ask i to look one more time in the box , and i actually do find they . but quick response , great service . i have not try the 3d yet , but the 2d projection be awesome . i do not get the screen right away , so i just project a movie right on a green wall at 130inch size , and the picture look ok . yesterday i get the screen up . 133 inch projection -lrb- da-lite cinema vision 1.3 gain -rrb- , at about 15 foot distance . what a great picture ! this be in a totally dark room .
598	Projector	POS	5	this be my fourth projector and my second unit use a dlp chip . i can easily see rainbow in single chip dlp projector but this one almost completely eliminate they . i can still see a few rainbow , especially when there be bright object in a mostly dark scene , but it be hardly noticeable to i and none of my friend have be able to see they yet . if you be one of the few people who be bother by the rainbow effect , you may still want to demo this projector before purchase it online . i be originally use a gray screen in a light-controlled media room but the black with the darkchip3 be so good i move to a stewart filmscreen studiotek130 screenwall and the picture be spectacular . i recommend use a white screen with this unit . there be no gap between pixel or mirror dimple so the image be silky smooth . after calibrate with dve , the color be incredible . colors pop , black be black and whites be white . optoma have a zero dead pixel policy and a nice warranty . they also offer affordable -lrb- cheap , imo -rrb- extend warranty and upgrade service plan to meet you need . if you be in the market for a top-of-the-line single chip dlp projector , i honestly do not think you can get much better than this .
927	Projector	POS	5	but , you will want to get a outboard subwoofer to complete the package . i add the yamaha yst-sw215 subwoofer to complete the bottom end . the proof be when i invite friend over to watch a good sound drive dvd tell they that the main home theater system in the basement theater be be use by my son and he friend . we watch and soon they be ask about the yamaha sound bar and that it be produce better sound quality than they larger , less discrete home theater system that they own . the yamaha sound bar be versatile and have all sort of setting that you can mess with to you heart 's or ear 's content . everything from basic output of a news talk program to a `` lush with audio '' dvd to a ipod connection for just plain music . there be setting to satisfy most anyone and those setting product rich sound that a flat paneled sound bar such as this one have no right to reproduce , yet do . to be fair , if you be look or listen for the bottom end , the sound bar itself will not do it , you must add a subwoofer as i mention above . the feedback calibration function be extremely useful in allow you to get dead-on adjustment for your room , not some industry average . i have a particularly odd set up in that the room have a cathedral ceiling and a partially open back end that flow into a galley kitchen . i pay much more for this when it first come out , it be now down in price significantly as there be higher model now available . this be a excellent unit for those of you who do not want or can not have discrete component due to setup or space limitation . hang it just under you flat screen tv and you have get about as small a footprint as you be ever go to get with top notch sound to boot . grant , it do not possess the heft of my full home theater unit at 200w into 7 channel plus hsu research subwoofer ... but bang for the buck , this unit will not underwhelm you -lrb- just add the subwoofer , the yamaha sub unit that i have work just fine and you can let it kick out when there be no sub content in the source ! -rrb- .
734	Projector	POS	4	i be hesitant to buy this item because of reviewer receive defective clock , but i take a chance and have not have any problem -lrb- yet -- it be be a month and a half -rrb- . i want three thing : wake to nature\/soothing sound , have a battery backup , and have 7\/5\/2 alarm mode ; this have all three . i would have like more\/better choice for wake-up sound , but i like three out of the four -lrb- ocean , brook , meditation , and wind chime -rrb- . i do not fall asleep to the sound , but for some it would make more sense to fall asleep to one and wake to another which be not a option here . i do not use the built-in flashlight or time projection on the wall\/ceiling , but there be there if you want they . i think timex try to add too many whistle and bell -lrb- e.g. , if you want a flashlight by you bed , you already have one , do not you ? it be interesting that you can have the flashlight turn on automatically when there be a power outage , but : a -rrb- why would you ? , and b -rrb- they sell full-sized flashlight that plug into outlet and do the same thing . the clock automatically set the time : nice , but not necessary . -rrb- and the add complexity for a low price may be cause problem with some clock . also , i think more attention should have be pay to what i think be the main feature : the soothing sound and fall asleep\/waking up to they . overall , i have not have any technical problem with my clock or the alarm -lrb- s -rrb- and i like it . i wake to pleasant sound ; i can set my workday and weekend alarm and not touch the clock until a holiday\/vacation come up ; and i do not worry about a power outage turn off my alarm clock .
75	Projector	POS	5	after purchase the nvidia 3d vision with the acer 24 '' gd235hz monitor , i be ready for even bigger wall-to-wall gaming + movie watching . in short , really look for the entire movie theater experience at home . at around $ 16 for 3d ticket -lrb- $ 12 for regular -rrb- x 4 people + soda\/popcorn = ~ $ 85\/movie , i want something `` local '' . at $ 500 -lrb- i.e. cost of about 6 movie theater sitting -rrb- , this fit the bill nicely and be great bang for the buck . my wife be yell that i be waste money on this . so , i set this up and call she to check it out . it fit the wall nicely and projection size be approx . 110 '' . the wall be light yellow but this projector have a set to color correct it . the first word out of she mouth be `` wow ! that look awesome ! i be gonna watch movie and enjoy with the winter now watch movie with kid '' . so it be a great purchase after all . highlight of the product - + excellent value for the money + eco mode to add more life to the bulb + image quality be very good at 720p + it can do 1080 -lrb- 1920x1080 -rrb- though i be not sure if it be interlaced or progressive but this do not look as sharp or nice as the 720p for movie . + netflix hd look incredible . + regular movie look spectacular . i watch captain america and it be awesome . i be pick up little detail which i be not before + 3d gaming be phenomenal . there be some few game that have good depth projection so the char appear to hover in you room . but most game give this immense depth perception so you wall look like a huge opening with char position correctly wrt to depth . 3d gaming with nvidium 3d vision make this spectacular . + come with a carry bag and vga cable + great price point for someone want to enter this market but not want to spend much . + have a remote that can glove into the unit - miss a vga - -rrb- dvi adapter . thankfully i have one from my video card purchase - dlp technology with 3x spin wheel so you can see rainbow effect every now and then . year ago i have return my samsung dlp set because it be too bothersome . thankfully , this be not that bothersome . you see it more during brighter\/white scene and that too if you dart you eye side to side . its almost unnoticeable in 3d and while gaming . more noticeable during 2d movie . - do not have even a single 3d glass . - do not work with passive 3d glass . only active nvidium 3d glass . - all control seem to be only on the remote , so do not lose it .
880	Projector	POS	4	its go to be almost 2 week since i purchase this projector . watch movie be great on this projector . i be use my wall for the projection which have get grainy surface . picture quality and detail be awesome . i be shock to see such clarity even on a grainy surface . i try to run this during daytime and do not find it do very good in the light even when blind be close . i have to close curtain for it . this can be ignore as optimum use of this projector be only when you be watch movie , and movie give feel on such big screen only after room be perfectly dark . i will not reduce any star because of this . the only heart breaker with this projector and i believe with all the 3d ready projector sell today be the extra hardware for view 3d contents . it really make no sense to purchase a 3d ready projector for 600 even $ & then purchase a converter kind of device of almost same amount of the projector in order to watch 3d movie on a 3d ready projector . i be give 3 star just because of this additional hardware 3d-xl . if i ignore this then definitely this projector be 5 star . and why the 3d-xl device be more costly than compare to uk and even do not come with the pair of glass while the uk one come . i be not a very techy person for audio and visual but i understand that this 3d xl box will do some sequencing of frame in order to show right and leave frame sequentially . this be more a firmware upgrade . since most of we have recently buy this device hence in my opinion optoma should do this firmware update free of cost as most the mobile company do these day . the only real issue seem to i currently most 3d player have output of hdmus v1 .4 while the hd 66 support input of hdmi v 1.3 . it be really feel cheat that optoma be ask to purchase a full box instead of a small hdmus v1 .4 to v1 .3 converter and ask for a whopping 500 $ . for i be seem like i be ask to purchase one hd 66 on discounted price . it will feel like optoma be cheat we . ## update on 21 dec 2010 ## in amazon uk site this product be sell just 249euro which be equal to 327.5 $ . uk version ship follow below give item in the box . -lrb- ... -rrb- box contain # 3d projector adapter # power plug # power adapter # user guide -lrb- cd -rrb- # quick start card # warranty card # weee card # 3d glass # cr2032 battery # large\/small interchangeable nosepiece update on 9\/19\/2011 update to 4 star as picture quality be awesome . it make my weekend .
194	Projector	POS	4	this screen be a lifesaver for we . monthly we have to set up a conference at a remote location and the screen there be inadequate . this screen allow we to get as close to the subject as we want , as big as we need it and as quickly as possible . from travel size to full size in 6 seconds flat -lrb- we time it -rrb- and ready for business . would like the top rail to be a bit sturdier , but otherwise ... it be a winner .
485	Projector	POS	5	i use the atdec telehook universal projector flush mount to mount my optoma hd70 . i do have to buy toggle tolt to secure the mount where it need to be , but i know that before i buy it . the whole mount take i a couple of hour to mount . most of that time be due to have to find the exact location it need to be mount for my projector to work in the view room .
223	Projector	POS	4	the projctor be good thank you and i love it for 1 to a 100 i rape 95 i love it i love it
687	Projector	POS	5	if you be look to spend under $ 700 for a hd projector then look no further . this small fellum be a power house and produce a picture that to the average eye , rival a projector that be 2 or 3 time the price . yes its natively 720p , but it can play 1080p content at a scale resolution . the picture quality be very , very impressive . be sure to change the default setting because out of the box it need to be tweak a little . there be plenty of projector\/av forum on the internet that you can search that suggest the best setting for brightness , contrast , etc. . it make a huge difference . ive have mine for 8 month now and its still on its first bulb -lrb- with about 1000 hour of use -rrb- . the unit be small compare to other model which make it more discreet and ideal for use in a living room or bedroom . do yourself a favor and get one of these instead of a 50 + inch tv . i be now watch hd content that measure 10 foot diagonally - everybody that have see it have be blow away . i also recommend that you buy a screen . it will still look great project on to a white wall , but you really do not get the best out of it until you use a dedicated screen . i have a electric power screen with a high-contrast gray finish -lrb- as oppose to the more common white finish -rrb- . it make the black much deeper and improve the contrast dramatically . the gray finish be ideal for anybody who do not have a dedicated home theater that be ` black out ' and have completely controllable light . with the gray screen i be able to use my projector during the day or with the light on . its a win\/win situation because even at night -lrb- or the darkest i be able to get my room -rrb- i still get deeper black and more vivid contrast . anyway enough about the screen , if you be in the market for a hd projector and want to spend under $ 700 then you cant do better than this .
326	Projector	POS	5	at first i didnt believe that you could get a decent projector for just over $ 300 , and when i open the box i didnt expect this little thing to be very good , but i be wrong . this little powerhouse put out a very sharp bright and colorful picture . the contrast be much greater than a lcd type projector . and i dont see what all the complain be about with the input . you can purchase a vga to rgb cable for very little money on amazon and use the component output of you dvd player . you will get a much higher re picture . i have put this thru the test for a friend of mine and i must say ... i want one now . it be small , come with carry case and basic cable and i love the way the remote slide into the top of the projector for storage . very well design and cheap to keep . replacement lamp be about 1\/3 that of other projector . highly recommend .
701	Projector	POS	4	i be worry when i read the review for this product . i own a epson home cinema 8350 , after search a bit i find the extension piece -lrb- that should come with this mount , but it do not -rrb- :  videosecu white projector mount extension adaptor only for brand videosecu projector mount w53  the 2 rod will not reach the right 2 hole . i purchase only 1 extra extension and it fit perfectly along with the 3 other rod in a 1 center , 2 leave , 1 right configuration . if you want a 2 left , 2 right configuration for the screw , i recommend buy two extension . either way make it quite stable . so far so good with the ceiling mount . it say it can hold up to 44lb . the 8350 be only 16lb , so we will see how it hold out . assembly be simple , need a philip screwdriver -lrb- not include -rrb- , and a alan wrench -lrb- include -rrb- . good buy .
163	Projector	POS	4	it be a very usefull video projector , my wife use it for she conference of 20 to 50 person and it look great . i personally use it wiht my xbox in a big white wall and it make complete different game experince . it be a basic video projector , with basic feature but just enough for my wife and myself and the best be the low price !
819	Projector	POS	4	if you be look for the best deal of any dlp projector out there , this be it . you wont find one at this price that perform better . it displaye svga video -lrb- up to 800x600 -rrb- from the pc and hdtv format 480p , 720p , 1080i .  use this for a entry level home theater be in my opinion the best application . as for pc , the resolution be a little lack consider the size it will be project to . the icon would be 6 '' + depend on how big you shooting the screen .  bulb life in economy mode extend by about 1\/3 from 2000 hour to 3000 . nice consider the bulb be 400 each . benq have offer a couple different promotion in the past like free bulb or 100\/200 -lrb- ... -rrb- -lrb- so be sure and check to make sure before you buy -rrb- .  the thing that be most amazing to i be the refresh rate of 85hz -lrb- how fast it can paint the picture to the screen -rrb- . that be pretty much as fast as you 'll need for any application to avoid display problem , so play game on this isnt a problem !  for more info , check projectorcentral , they do review on everything that come out . benq pb6100 and the pb6200 -lrb- xga version -rrb- be in the top 5 list of dlp 's .  anyone plan to use this primarily on a pc , think about get the pb6200 instead , its basically the same thing but display the higher resolution xga -lrb- 1024x768 -rrb- and for certain application higher 1280x1024 .
756	Projector	POS	5	screen be big and very quality , easy and quick to set up , bright and clear picture . tripod go pretty high ! very satisfy . awesome item for a good price .
454	Projector	POS	4	i 'll start with the `` pro '' \*\* it be lightweight compare to other similarly price projector . \*\* the lamp be incredibly bright , similar to what i would expect with a home theater class type projector . \*\* the construction do not feel cheap . it feel solid in you hand and \*\* when you flip it over or pick it up suddenly you do not hear and joint or seam creak like you do with some cheaper build plastic chassis projector . \*\* the outside look nice , be easy to clean and be firm to the touch . \*\* the control be extremely fool-proof . \*\* the `` keystone correction '' be great . no matter how high up , or down \*\* there be a lot of `` mode '' from blackboard to beige wall to white board to video to ultra bright . these might seem like silly extra perk , but they be truly invaluable in help you get it set up to look great fast . \*\* the definition for image up to 4-5 foot wide be incredible . extremely high definition with incredible contrast . when you pull it back from the wall to go for something like a 6 foot wide image you will will notice fairly dramatic decline in definition , but the color still look great ! bright and vivid \*\* lot of plug in for vga plug . no hdmus . i believe it can take up to three vga plus and have a vga out plug as well , so if you be use a desktop monitor , you can have what ever be show on you monitor also show on a monitor . it will let you bypass the projector when in conjuction with a cpu and let you continue to use you desktop monitor , you cpu , and all while project whatever you cpu or other device be tell it to . very nice feature i do not expect for this price . \*\* decent speaker . not incredible . good consider the money . \*\* nice free little carry bag and remote control -lrb- with battery ! -rrb- \*\* last and not least , this projector have two fan and they be both incredibly quiet no matter what mode it be in . they be also obviously quite effecient as well because when you turn the unit off the fan only need to run for about another 60 seconds to get the unit totally cool to the touch and then they power down as well . the `` con '' \*\* while it do have keystone correction it be only vertical , not horizontal . so you need to make sure when you be project that the projector be parallel with the wall . no horizontal keystone correction here . \*\* this be the opposite of a `` short throw '' or `` ultra short throw '' . this device be very much long long throw . to get the size of image i be look for i need to have this projector about 12-17 foot away from the wall . \*\* when the in104 be on it put out quite a bit of heat . as i say though , the fan do a great job with keep it cool . i assume it throw off so much heat b\/c , for a projector in this price range , the lamp really put out a lot of light . \*\* as i say before , you need to get this thing pretty darn far away from the wall to get a nice big projection . the issue with that then be , a lot of you audience will probably be somewhere between the wall , and the projector . this be not the place to be as this thing have a crazy intense rainbow effect . i be normally not too sensitive to the rbe , but when i look back this projector when it be project the disney movie `` tinkerbell '' i think i be trip some major acid . it be totally psychodelic to look back at the unit in the middle of movie play . if super bright flicker light rapidly change color freak you out , you might want to spend a little bit more money and step up a model to one of infocus `` short throw '' projector so you can keep that rbe in between the wall and the projector without you in the middle of it . \*\* the fan on this unit be big and powerful , and quiet to boot , but because of that , this unit spill a fairly substantial amount of light out of the fan duct . to i it be not distracting , but if you be really want a dark dark room for a home theater , it might be annoying . \*\* while the control panel be efficient , it be also very spartan ! this unit be all about just solid basics and not about lot of really cool bonus feature . \*\* no autofocus , which again , for this price range might be expect . the manual focus include a fast action `` course '' and `` fine '' focus though that be extremely easy to use to get a nice focus within about 5-10 seconds of initial focus manipulation . overall i would say this be great projector for the money . i be a public senior high math teacher and i think this will be great for use in a fairly bright room as the lamp be really powerful , however , the fact that i need such a long throw distance to get the image up to the right size be frustrating , and in hind sight i wish i have spend about 300-400 more dollar and get the same projector with a `` ultra short throw '' bulb and with a few bonus feature to boot on one of infocus higher level model . as a projector for a large business\/conference room it would be great . for a large classroom it would be great . for a small classroom\/conference room i would not reccommend this unit . for a home theater for just a little bit of extra fun , in a nice big living room , i would reccommend it , however for a small bedroom or small basement room , no way no way . the color be incredible , the definition be superb , and even with fast action video i find there to be very little `` motion blur '' which be typically something that plague projector in this price range . all and all i would say it be the heart and gut of a unit twice the price , in a spartan wrapper , minus some of the nice bonus feature you might want if you be willing to spend twice the price . i give the unit a average of `` 4 '' star consider feature and performance for the buck !
576	Projector	POS	4	i be look for a clock with a easy to read display , quick set up , and battery backup . this fit all my need . the only problem i have have , so far , be after the auto setup , the clock lose 5 minute from actual time . luckily it have a manual adjust feature that take care of the problem . i would recommend it !
692	Projector	POS	5	i have use this mount in two different area in my house . it be very versatile . very sturdy and well build .
136	Projector	POS	5	i want a projector which would provide the easiest possible use . - ie plug-in and project with minimum effort or technical know-how . this projector be do just this . the adjustment be to the finger tip and within minute the set up be complete . it be lightweight and provide a clear picture and can be use wth a mac or pc . it work exactly as the manufacturer have promise .
395	Projector	POS	4	i get this projector mount for a home theater install . it be easy to install and work great . the reason i didnt give it a 5 be because 1 of the screw they provide i with be not thread , it look like a flat nail with a philip head and i be unable to find a screw with a similar thread size -lrb- metric . -rrb- i end up improvise by get a bolt that fit into a larger hole and use two nut to do the fine adjustment . my projector be a optoma hd 70 .
802	Projector	POS	5	i have use this item like 3 day and i buy it as a replacement for my old epson and as a complement to my benq ... i have probe it in different condition and i can describe it as follow ... at night light on or off it simply work great in power point presentation and computer general use ... the same for movie ... when connect to the ps3 or my 360 image be not as good as in a lcd tv , but it be possible to play and that be normal if you consider that this projector be 800x600 and it be really cheap ... when connect to my old xbox , my ps2 or the wius it work exactly as a tv , same quality ... anyway i would not recommend this unit to play new video game ... in day light condition it continue work perfectly well ... you can see the image clear even in a image 60 '' wide ... terrific performance for such a cheap projector ... i highly recommend it ... if i compare this projector to my other two one -lrb- a expensive epson and cheap benq -rrb- i only have one thing to say ... why do 'n this acer exist when i buy my first projector ? this one be superior in all term ... acer x1161p be actually 2700 lumen , not 2500 ... in the economic mode image quality decrease let 's say like 15 % or 20 % in day light condition but it be still ok ... on the other hand , at night you can not hardly see any difference ... if you want to buy a projector take this seriously into consideration ... it be great ... and remember , a replacement lamp be only 128 buck ...
377	Projector	POS	5	i manage to get a ps3 and know i need a new hd projector to properly represent the blu-ray movie and next-gen game . after search for month over the net i finally find ton of good review on the pt ax100u and decide to go for it . even though it be native resolution be 720p , it be hdmi input accept 1080p\/60 even 1080p\/24 ! plus it handle all the resolution below . boy be i impress ! the jump in quality of even the sd tv image be immediately noticable ! it do a good job of upscale my current sd satellite line up . the ps3 set itself to 1080p when connect to this projector and the picture look excellant . the blu-ray movie be very clean and sharp ! the brightness be finally good enough to still watch program with the curtain a bit open and a decent amount of light come through . it look like a massive lcd or plasma screen . the color and contrast be very good as well . i be very happy with this purchase and so be all my friend and guest who come over and be shock by the clarity and brightness ! let 's hope it work well for a long time to come .
614	Projector	POS	4	although the brightness in artificial light leave something to be desire it perform exactly as describe i have a clear 1080p image of 140 '' from 15 foot and i can carry it to and from work as need . at the price list i would definitely recommend this as a tv replacement , or a gaming accessory .
324	Projector	POS	5	i get mine for 299 from dell web site . that be still a hefty price - wait 5 year and you will find better one for 99 . i be a artist and i work by project color slide on my paper or canvas . i have need to go digital for a long time , but the standard laptop projector be big , heavy , noisy , expensive , and too bright . the new little one either do not connect to a laptop or get terrible review . this one be just right . it be also fun to project movie on the bedroom wall , but remember , the brightness be 50 lumen , and you standard video projector be about 2,000 , so you want total darkness and it be still not the same . the projector be tiny , light and quiet , and have a lot of nifty sophisticated electronics , but there 's no tripod screw socket !!! , the cable and connector be bulky and awkward , the cord to the laptop be only 2 ' long -lrb- get a extension -rrb- but it be the best one on the market so far .
721	Projector	POS	5	very affordable , good product -lrb- 5 month -rrb- and its still perform as the first day . the only negative be that focus be good but not great . when research this product i be never able to get this information so here it be , in about 9 foot distance i can get a 53 inch display .
268	Projector	POS	4	have mine for about a month . very small and light . fit in a small bag with my ipad . picture quality be great , especially when project onto a white -lrb- non-glossy -rrb- surface . i usually project the image on my ceiling so i can watch movie from bed . i hook up my small hamburger speaker to the speaker out port , and use the usb port on the projector to charge the speaker at the same time . although i have see review which claim that the unit support component or ypbpr video , i have never be able to get it to work with a vga to component dongle . this lead i to believe that the unit only output rgb via the vga dongle . i hope a future firmware update resolve this . in the meantime , you can get a cheap component to vga box , which work , but the image be not as sharp . its a shame that the unit do not come with a hdmus port . to remedy this , i buy a hdfuryius dongle to convert hdmi signal to vga -lrb- rgb & ypbpr -rrb- . i have be able to connect my ps3 and dvd player to the sp-h03 and the picture quality be so much better than use a vga box . the hdfuryius also come with a gammax adapter , which provide manual gamma control , and help bring out detail in dark area . a tip to those who plan to use a hdfury or hdfuryius with this projector -- you can use the usb port on the projector to supply the 5v 500ma require by the hdfuryius dongle . once the hdfuryius be power on this way , you can connect the gammax dongle without need to power it . the media player software on the sp-h03 be a mixed bag . on one hand it support a lot of video and document format . however , there seem to be a 2gb file size limit lastly , this baby badly need a remote control .
561	Projector	POS	4	i purchase this product and the size be great easy to carry , its lighter then a iphone 4 and its smaller then the iphone . and the picture qualitly be pretty good for something this small and the battery last a while , but here where my good review go bad . i can not connect it to my iphone ... and that the only reason why i buy it . and the other reason this review be bad be because there be no volume control on it and the speaker be horrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrible quality . but i buy a external av cable for my phone and now it work so im pretty happy with this product
484	Projector	POS	5	i buy a pc last year with the nvidia 3d system , it come with a samsung 22 '' monitor and it look utterly fantastic . i instantly think `` i need a bigger display '' so i go to nvidia 's page to view compatible display . the optoma hd66 be and still be list as be compatible an support . so i buy one ... well guess what ? it be neither compatible or currently support . if you search the nvidium page you will find that if you hd66 be build before august of 2010 -lrb- that be right , august of 2010 ! -rrb- it will not work . i then call optoma tech support and be tell by the phone tech that in order for it to work , it have to be send back to the factory for modification and that i would be responsible for the shipping ... i tell the guy that that be outrageous and i would simply return it and get something that actually do work as advertise . in case you wonder , i purchase the acer h5360 . . i should have purchase it the first time around , not only do the 3d work flawlessly , it have way more feature than the hd66 like `` auto keystone , auto orientation , color wall compensation '' to name a few . if you look for a 3d projector that really deliver , you can wait two month -lrb- the tech support guy tell i it would take that long to get the new one on the shelf -rrb- till the compatible hd66 's hit the street -lrb- and hope they work -rrb- or you can get the acer h5360 . of course deal with amazon be the only way to go , the return of the hd66 be simple and i be enjoy real 3d in my living room on the acer .
323	Projector	POS	5	this mount fit my mitsubishi hc1500 perfectly . it have all the hardware i need and a very generous amount of extra hardware , enough to adapt it to any projector . it be adjustable 360 degree around , about 90 up and down , and side to side a couple of inch . it be easy to install . the only downfall be that i do not realize it be white and i would have prefer black . my fault .
222	Projector	POS	4	this projector be great ! it be a amzing value for the price that i pay for it . the only setback be that the volume be not incredibly high and sometimes you miss a word or two . otherwise , i be extremely happy to have buy this projector and it be a amazing value for the price ! very happy !
234	Projector	POS	4	i wish it be little bit better . 1 . native resolution of 1080p . -lrb- native resolution : 800 x 600 -lrb- svga -rrb- , which be old enough -rrb- 2 . support hdmus 1.2 or better 1.3 i will take this projector . hopefully epson will listen to user comment
438	Projector	POS	4	my expectation for a $ 200 projector be not high . but really it put out a decent picture . hung up a shower curtain liner -lrb- suggest on a forum -rrb- and plug in the dvd . kid watch some flix at night . . they love it . lot of input which i like . sound be decent for the little speaker . now my cable input do not work as well as i have hope and i may try that again . i will say . . if you need much support i would not hold my breath . just try to find the manual online be a worthless effort . pretty much on you own i think .
471	Projector	POS	4	even on the std mode -lrb- eco -rrb- , the projector be seriously bright . you really do not need light on in a dark room while watch a movie . only negative be you do see the rainbow effect during dark background , could be my eye , but i be not expect to see rainbow on a 3d ready projector with 120hz capability . not so much to be a deal breaker thou . the detail on the video be pretty good and you really get the feeling of sit in a movie theater . i do not do any calibration and out of the box picture itself look pretty good to i . i do reduce the brightness a few notch , feel too bright otherwise . the remote control do not have a back light , but as i say , the room be bright enough to see even in movie mode . a little ambient light do not wash the image . that be a strong positive for this projector . i have not try the hd to its full extent yet , just try play movie use regular dvd player use rca and s-video . try a few movie and power point presentation by play via the vga connectivity . thanks to amazon , the projector be deliver super quick : -rrb- i have it within a week of order . the packaging be good too . i 'll definitely recommend it to the user . its a 720p that can play a 1080p stream . the detail be very good . technically it have a native resolution of 1280 x 800 which be same as most laptop screen . so it be good for both play a movie or use it as a secondary laptop display for a high resolution presentation .
120	Projector	POS	4	i be look to assemble a hdtv , blu-ray player and speaker set that will last i for the next 3 - 5 year . i be initially draw to this speaker base on review , but have one question . it be my impression that the speaker itself be awesome , but that the lack of a hdmus in\/out compromise the potential of the speaker to deliver the best sound from a hd source . in other word , sound come from a blu-ray or cable box lose some signal through the digital optical cable , which would otherwise not happen with a hdmus cable . could people please comment\/educate ? be the lack of hdmus input the reason for the drastic price reduction ? i have not have a chance to compare audio come out of optical audio vs hdmus , and so do not have a basis to establish if hold out for hdmi be worth the extra money that that might entail . thank you .
515	Projector	POS	4	the installation be pretty straight forward . however , adjust it , as one reviewer have mention , can be tricky . when you begin to tighten the allen screw , the arm tend to move in the direction of the turn . also , tighten one axis sometimes jolt the other axis as well . as a result , i have have to just nudge the arm a little even after they be tighten to get they to position correctly . however , when all say and do , this be a extremely good mount . in fact , be be the only one i have find that be able to move my projector forward in the direction of projection .
899	Projector	POS	4	projector look and work great out of the box , get the universal mount that amazon offer as a `` bundle '' and it fit well . i have a 120 '' image at 14 ' throw distance and it be stunning at night or with blackout curtain over the one small window . it be visible but not nearly as impressive with light on . unfortunately , on day 2 we hear a loud pop and it stop work . take it down and there be break glass -lrb- and i have since learn , mercury gas -rrb- everywhere . apparently this happen to a few lamp out of each batch that be defective - they explode within the first few hour of use . amazon immediately offer exchange of whole product or partial refund to buy a new lamp . i opt for the latter and just now order the replacement lamp . i have always be impress by amazon 's customer service , it be what keep i come back , but have to wait another week to use the new projector stink . i 'll update this on how thing turn out .
585	Projector	POS	4	we be skeptical after read about horizontal panning and on the first projector we receive it be pretty noticeable - soccer be difficult to watch with significant blur and jitter . we have to replace the original after a week when it start overheate and shut down in a 70 f degree room . the replacement be better than the original . horizontal panning be much smoother and watch usa v japan woman 's match today be a great experience with great clarity and smooth tracking . image be sharp even when player be run and color be wonderful . we all notice the difference immediately . use same connector , hdmi cable as on first . use the pro 8200 with a epson duet 80 '' screen for now - perfectly good for this projector or until you get a more permanent setup . projector come with a nylon case for transport and the tripod epson duet screen fold right up in seconds . very stable once deploy . alignment and feature for the pro 8200 be good . it have great zoom and decent keystone correction . i be use it in a garage office with overhead led spot and blackout curtain on the sole window but it be plenty bright to use even in a light room on `` standard '' brightness and this be best color . `` brightest '' look more wash out by far . works great with dual hdmus - use a hd directv dvr and alternate the other between ps3 and apple tv , roku . the macbook pro retina with mountain lion and airplay easily put my mac display on the big screen - nice bonus . a bit blurry run thru projector either on airplay or use the mbp hdmus port and it do go to 16:9 use the mac 's hdmi port . works great with we flight sim pc and the hdmi port on evga geforce gtx 680 ftw too . both would be adequate for class or work . excellent ps3 performance use gran turismo , cod , etc. . i have see the $ 3k projector but nowhere near enough difference to justify the price . you will not regret this projector for home or work .
200	Projector	POS	4	the 3m mp160 pocket projector be a perfect little device for the corporate world , and that be mostly likely what it be mean for and all it be good for . any videophile or audiophile will cringe at the measly 30 lumen of output and the flat sound speaker . then again you be not mean to watch movie on this thing . video : the video be a weak 30 lumen but for static graph and image it do the job . if you project on a wall expect a fade image since you need all the reflectivity you can get . on a pulldown screen the image be not bad . the closer the projector the better . you can pull it back to get up to a 80 inch image but the bigger you get the more saturation and color you lose . audio : this be not mean for watch movie but you can always use the audio of the source product from where you be pull the video -lrb- computer , tv , etc -rrb- . connectivity : you can connect this projector to pretty much anything -lrb- tv , computer , ipod , phone , camera , etc -rrb- . there be plenty of cable include , but you may have to fumble around to find the right one as the projector itself have one propriety input . so you have to have a adapt cable . luckily almost everything you need be include . the one draw back of this model ? you have to have a input source of video . this projector have no memory storage so you can not store video file or any file of any kind . so some sort of video device must accompany the projector at all time .
473	Projector	POS	5	first , for home theater use , i would give this projector 4 star . i give it 5 as this be a business projector , and should not be penalize for not have home theater feature . i be very happy with this item . out of the box , the color be a mess . this , again , may be because it be not calibrate as a home theater projector . i highly suggest use the avia video calibration dvd -lrb- with color filter to look through -rrb- . it take i 5 minute , and the color be more natural than any of my crt tv ! in high power mode , i can watch tv show during the day with my blind close . movie be a bit hard to watch . once the sun be no longer on that side of my house , it work great . at night , i can watch a movie in low power mode -lrb- and the fan be very quiet -rrb- , but i prefer the regular mode as color look more vibrant with that extra boost . i sit with my head about 12 inch from the projector , so i can hear the fan , but it be not noticeable with sound system speaker at a decent volume . as state in a prior review , the image be 4:3 . if you do not have a 4:3 screen , 4:3 image wont fit . not the projector 's fault . my biggest concern be the connection , which again be due to this not actually be a home theater projector . for the best image , you need to use a component connection . as state in a prior review , a adapter must be purchase separately to connect component through the vga port . this be not specify on the spec sheet where i buy this item , and the box itself have no info about the spec . one other thing to note ... i have read that the color wheel on business projector be different than on home theater projector . i be not familiar enough with this to comment , but this be something prospective buyer may want to look into . overall , i be very happy with this item . 5\/5 as a overall product , 4\/5 as a home theater projector .
177	Projector	POS	5	if you be in the service -lrb- i be currently deploy in iraq -rrb- , here 's why this projector be useful for you : fun : play movie and game to entertain you buddy . look great in you chu , a dark room , or even on a t wall at night . portability : projector in case with power adaptor fit in you cargo pants pocket . professionalism : you can set up a power point presentation without a computer . usb drive connect in the back and use the remote to advance slide . the current plan be to make a portable movie system . vivitek state that you can use the xpal xp18000 to power the projector for 2 hour . i order that and will update this review once i try it out . i also buy the monster clarityhd bluetooth speaker for audio because the build in speaker be not good .
122	Projector	POS	4	100 % brand new oem equivalent ty-la1000 projector \/ tv lamp with housing for panasonic i order this lamp and rec would it within three day . it be the first one that i purchase that be not break during shipment and work when i install it . i have purchase 2 previously ; two so that i could repair and get a good one . they come from a different supplier of amazon and be not package properly , so arrive broken and no instruction . what do you know ! this shipment from projector parts include a complete set of instruction , be package properly and arrive in great shape . it continue to work as advertise . i be impressed . i recommend purchase future lamp from projector parts in montrose , california . p . . this lamp also seem as if it give a brighter picture , which make for easier viewing .
385	Projector	POS	5	over the past four and a half month i have find this projector to be a great asset . it be clear and bright , easy to setup and adjust when need , and automatically adjust for keyston - i be not sure how it do it , but it work . it be lightweight and easy to carry around with all need cable and remote in the provide bag . view image from a usb stick be a breeze , though it be limit to jpeg image and it would be nice to be able to run powerpoint slide from the usb stick . i use the hdmi cable to connect to my laptop , but there be vga and rca type input for when other need to connect . i do have a problem after about four month of regular use - the blue channel be lose completely , turn everything a horrible shade of yellow . one quick call to epson -lrb- they include a priority support number and code for fast access -rrb- and they ship a new model overnight . i then simply put the broken one in the box they would send and ship it back free . this be immensely helpful to someone who use a projector regularly and need a broken unit fix or replace in a day . between they excellent printer and projector , and they outstanding customer support , i be become a epson fan quickly .
322	Projector	POS	5	be perfect for my projector it come with all the tool need i love it thanks
276	Projector	POS	5	i purchase this on thanksgiving 2010 . have be use it almost daily for around 2-3 hr on a average . still this tiny little thing give i great picture . its amazing to see this small equipment give a movie hall like experience while watch movie . very handy and easy to carry anywhere you go . have use this to project image on wall in small family function and have receive great appreciation for this product . since my purchase i know at least 6 people who after see my projector go ahead buy the same . although the button be very small , i have be use it to connect it to my ps3 , use the ps3 remote for adjust sound and picture quality . ps3-pk301 , make a great pair . . try it out
811	Projector	POS	4	five seconds . that be how much video you can shoot with this shoot 'n share out of the box . not good on christmas day ! to loosely quote a recent commercial , `` do not they think this be information i would like to have ? '' five seconds ! really ?! really ? the most amusing thing about this be that the manual state that the micro sd be `` optional '' . really ? who make five second home movie ? good news be we find a micro sd that should give we about 90 minute of record time cheap on amazon . also , in spite of the apparent miscommunication , this look like a really nice piece of equipment .
944	Projector	POS	4	i have own my projector since september 2004 and have not experience any problem with it yet . i have about 2200 hour log on the bulb so far and the brightness have not go down from what i can tell . it project well onto a white wall , but i want a more movie-like experience so i build a 90 inch screen to project it onto . like one of the other reviewer , when i go to turn off the projector it sometimes act like i hit the button twice , but since i be try to turn it off anyway i do not care . never have the problem of accidentally turn it off before . the remote be quite thin so it be hard to hit the button to accidentally turn it off . overall i be quite happy with it . i have take it around to my friend 's house for the superbowl and other event since my place be too small for a large gathering and it be a quick setup . the picture quality be still quite good in normal lighting so i do not have to close the blind every time i want to watch tv . i would recommend this projector to anyone on a budget . for the price it can not be beat .
448	Projector	POS	4	we have review the optoma pk-201 pico projector on picopros . it have virtually all the connectivity you would need and produce a sharp , bright image . see the full review as well as many other here : -lrb- ... -rrb- paul picopros.com
446	Projector	POS	5	universal , easy to install and quite stable . install last year , it move about 1 inch in one year , so i adjust it in one second . actually it could be my home that move ... it be the best quality \/ price item that i could find and i be very happy i buy it instead of have the projector at reach for the kid .
396	Projector	POS	4	this be a solid mount . other than not include the screw\/bolt you 'll need to attach this to the ceiling , it have everything you 'll need .
506	Projector	POS	4	this be a really bright projector and project very sharp image . need quite a bit of color adjustment out of the box but i get it to look really good . however , the dlp rainbow effect be very noticeable to both i and my son on this machine . what be odd be that we be replace another dlp projector and we do not see rainbow with the old one . the old projector be a sharpvision xv-z3000 -lrb- 720p\/1080i -rrb- . we think the reason for the dpl rainbow effect now be a issue with the benq vs. we sharp be that the sharp be a 5x speed color wheel while the benq be only 4x speed color wheel . too bad ... i have to return the benq . i would have keep the benq if not for that since it be otherwise a really nice machine . we wind up get a epson powerlite 8500ub . very nice machine right out of the box -lrb- in term of adjustment , performance in general , sharpness , black , etc. -rrb- - a keeper ! amazon be awesome with regard to take the benq as a return . thanks amazon !!!
339	Projector	POS	4	i have be run my ep719 as a third monitor and\/or tv for near 2 month now and be quite pleased with its performance to date . it do not balk at extended gaming session or movie marathon , and the resolution be high enough to still see detail . it perform admirably with game such as halo 3 , the unreal tournament 3 demo , and hellgate : london . the color become a little wash out when my room light be on , or the window shades be open , but the screen be still easily visible -lrb- and playable , for gamer -rrb- . but in a darkened room , it work wonder . the only thing keep it from a 5 out of 5 be the visibility of color wheel artifact -lrb- rainbow effect -rrb- when display highly contrast area -lrb- ie : power line run across a open sky in a move shot - the dark line and immediate area waver with shimmering color -rrb- . but from what i have see at this point , the majority of view material do not contain high enough contrast to make this much of a issue . all in all , i be happy with the projector , and would recommend it as a basic entry-level projector for people such as myself who be new to the projector scene .
182	Projector	POS	5	this be a great product , well worth how much it cost . i use it on almost a daily basis and work great for blu ray movie and video game . would definitely recommend this product . great picture on the xbox 360 and if you have a wius , get the hi def cable and you wont be let down . the only reason i give this a 4 star for image re . be because i didnt buy a screen for this projecter , but still look amazing on my wall
900	Projector	POS	5	pro : use mostly for presentation and occasionally to display video , amazingly visible in a well illuminated room , minimal difference between eco and normal mode so you can go eco mode in any condition , cool feature to adjust light output to compensate wall paint color -lrb- so you can convert any wall into a real screen -rrb- , 6000 hour lamp in eco , low noise , very good scaling of non native resolution try 1280 x 800 , 1366 x 768 and 1650 x 1080 , i feed a 720p hd ota tv signal of a soccer game and the picture be excellent , actually amazing for a projector in this price range , brilliant color , lamp replacement around 120 usd , small footprint for a 2700 luman device , very good option for a datum projector at this price . actually this be the second acer projector i buy for my group , very satisfied with the performance . con : \* no audio . \* no button , the remote control slide in the projector housing to be use as the button station , so if you lose the remote you will suffer , so better keep the remote attach to the projector . \* only 1 year of warranty , all other acer projector have 2 , not sure why , however for less than 40 you can add 1 year of warranty . \* -lrb- not a con , more like a suggestion -rrb- seem like the auto keystone correction be too sensitive and may try to readjust the image every 5 minute or so , that cause image flickering , so manual keystone adjustment be the way to go . other thought : acer be do very good electronics at affordable price , i have a acer amd laptop -lrb- 4 year old now -rrb- almost indestructible and very reliable , 2 23 '' lcd monitor buy for less than 139 each , very satisfied with acer , keep the good work .
348	Projector	POS	5	i love this video projector ... for a incredible price it be turn my family room into a movie theater ! when i put chicago in the dvd player and see it project by the infocus x1 , i know i have what i would want all my life ... my own theater !! the clarity and color be absolutely amazing on my 84-inch diagonal screen .
319	Projector	POS	5	have have this for 10 month and it have perform flawlessly . even have a few power outage that shut it down unexpectedly and it still work great . on a 135 '' screen and seat 12 foot away , the picture be great . maybe 1080p would be better but most of what i watch be not 1080p and for the price and lamp life , you can not beat it . more hdmi input would be nice but you can always buy a hdmus switch . i only watch it on eco mode and the picture be great -lrb- window be completely black out and only ambient hall lighting from downstairs -rrb- . even with light on , it do not totally wash out the screen . i be very pleased with this projector and it should last i a while until 1080p projector with longer lasting light source come along -lrb- at a reasonable price -rrb- . do not know about 3d because i be a cheapskate that will not pay $ 100 for glass .
937	Projector	POS	4	when i order this item i be optimistic consider that it be half the price of a oem replacement . give that this be my third lamp in the 5 + year i have own the tv i be look for a cost savings . when i open the package i notice that the glass in front of the bulb do not cover the whole opening , it be a vertical rectangle rather a full circle like the toshiba factory replacement . this replacement unit lack the toshiba marking . other than these few difference i have not see any issue . the unit plug in as normal and my tv have be operate fine with normal viewing habit .
945	Projector	POS	5	i purchase the benq w6000 from amazon after previously own a benq pe8700 + -lrb- which be sell with my old house and i think i pay $ 3700 for it year ago -rrb- . i set up this new home theater with two front bic 15-inch woofer speaker rtr1530 's - and they be big but just $ 109 each ; , polk audio monitor 50 side unit for $ 102.50 each free ship , and i use older bic 's that i have rebuild with 12inch woofer for my rear speaker . my subwoofer from amazon be the bic f12 475 watt front firing power subwoofer for $ 182.99 free ship . i hook all this to the onkyo txnr808 av receiver -lrb- also purchase from amazon -rrb- and i have directv and a blue ray from onkyo\/amazon -- very good quality at just $ 128 -rrb- overall , i would say this diy home theater be great for the total price i pay . my last item purchase from amazon be the 150 inch elite screens matte white manual pulldown screen ... wow ! the projector be beautiful , and put out a great picture regardless of hdmi feed . i have no major color correct to do , as out of the box this unit perform brilliantly , with good black and spectacular color . i also buy the $ 39.99 projector mount from videosecu via amazon , which be a bit flimsy in some area but still ok as it will hold the w6000 projector safely . year ago , i would have need $ 15k to do all this with such a quality projector . if you see the 150 inch picture , i feel you would agree . i also see no rainbow , something other complain about with dlp projector . i have this all setup in a 12 ' 7 '' wide by 24 ' dedicated area in my cellar and i be use 95 inch long curtain alomg the side . the onkyo avr be one of the 2010 model with 1.4 a and great sound from 135 watt per channel . do not let the low onkyo price -lrb- $ 679 -rrb- make you think that maybe a different $ 1,500 to $ 2,000 mid level model would be better . just check home theater magazine and you 'll see this onkyo av receiver receive top billing , especially for the price . i have always be a sony receiver purchaser , but with this onkyo i be well pleased . the front bic 15-inch speaker be big as i say , but for those who have not fall for these skinny , small multi-woofer unit that cost 20x more , try one of the `` old style '' speaker out and you 'll be surprise what less money buy these day . the bass be outstanding , and replace my old 15-inch woofer optimus -lrb- radio shack -rrb- speaker that go with my old pe8700 theater . i be use my older -lrb- but still fine -rrb- optimus front channel to complete the system . this review be here to hopefully be helpful to those who want a outstanding home theater on a budget . i be not a professional home theater installer , but i know a good value overall when i see and hear it . many will spend 10 time as much overall on they system , but when someone see this picture and sound , they be very impressed . do not hesitate on the w6000 if you be in this market . finally , some say the w6000 be loud but it be not to my ear .
654	Projector	POS	4	as you can see from the close-up product picture , the screen have 2 keyhole on either end for wall installation . what you do not see be that the hole be difficult to access . the product ship with 2 bolt that be anchor into the wall first . the anchor be a flimsy type and you have to be careful when you tighten they . the anchor have a threaded end . the screen be then push over the bolt in the wall and secure with 2 nut . this be the part that take i about a hour to complete , and you hear i swearing quite a bit . i use a wrench and pliers to tighten the nut on the anchor bolt , but because the opening on the end of the screen body be so small , i could turn the nut only about 1\/2 notch with either tool . once it be up , thing be much better , and i be please with the overall result .
538	Projector	POS	4	i originally want a 3d led tv , but my wife convinced i to go with a projector for the den . this projector work very well . 3d effect be great : -rrb- and even the 2d to 3d upscaling feature work well -lrb- for depth 3d -rrb- . very quiet during operation . 2d color and picture be clear as crystal at 92 inch screen . i do realize that bulb go fairly quickly on these , so i will purchase a back-up just in case .
159	Projector	POS	5	thank you very much , this projector be really awesome . the picture clarity be good , and the shipping be fast too thank you very much . ill keep on order from you guy and tell other to order from you guy too ...
936	Projector	POS	4	the product arrive as promise on time and pack well . install lamp into projector and do have a burning odor when it start up , but seem to be work fine and odor go away . we will see if it last ! if it do it be a great price !
193	Projector	POS	4	unlike other reviewer i put this together without the suspension bar and mount my projector only a few inch from the ceiling . that work fine . actually , my unit do not seem to have enough screw to use the bar . it be very sturdy and be work great . i do not look up in the instruction on the web -lrb- maybe i should have -rrb- but find it quite easy to figure out . the part supply be different from the include part summary though , at least in the number and type of screw include . mine come with 3 different type of screw for the projector but not enough of the short hex screw , although i make it work just fine with what it have .
866	Projector	POS	5	i get this mount to my ceiling project on to a 92 '' screen . i be very satisfied with the quality , 1080p resolution , amazing for the price . watch blu-ray through my ps3 look awesome . this be a great purchase . one thing , i have be use it for a month now and it freeze twice when switch game on the ps3 , i have to physically unplug and re-plug the unit from the wall to get it to work again . no real biggie . still 5 star rating .
604	Projector	POS	5	ive own this projector for over a year now and i love it . the picture be fantastic and color be perfect . this be the second projector ive own and the best by far . i be concern about the picture clarity compare to the dlp projector i previously own . soon after install it i be blow away by the picture quality of this projector . the only thing i would change be to make a few hundred more lumen of brightness . but that can be make up with a more reflective screen . the picture show up excellent in the dark , and good in afternoon light with the right screen . i use it as a main tv and have it mount on the celing in my livingroom . with curtain that filter light a little the projector be up to the task for anything . i know two other people who buy one because they love mine so much . none of we have ever have a problem whatsoever with the projector . one even have over 3500 hour on he original bulb ! with hdmus , componnent , s video and composite input this projector have the ability to connect to anything . overall this projector be a excellent value !
307	Projector	POS	5	i need a quality product to make professional presentation . i be not work so i need something that i could purchase that would not break i but that would show my potential client that i mean business . this product be it . i research for month and read a little over 50 review and go with this projector . it exceed my expectation . i even use it for a 3 day weekend seminar for over 500 people . she run great and have a clear picture in a light hotel conference room . i be utterly satisfied thus far . i have be use it for 6 month now .
957	Projector	POS	5	this be very good projector , great value for money . no issue so far have use it for a month . product arrive on time well package and as expect . if you be not look for a short throw projector then this be the one i think . happy i buy this one after quite bit of research .
924	Projector	POS	5	the unit go well beyond my expectations . picture quality be great , ease of use , would highly recommend .
709	Projector	POS	4	use this projector for about a week now and so far so good . i do quite a bit of research on hd projector and find that this be the best one for the price . color be deep and good . image be good even in a reasonably light room . i will share more great purchase overall .
84	Projector	POS	4	i recently purchase the sony vlphw30ae -lrb- vlphw30 series 3d with transmitter and 2 pair of 3d glass -rrb- . as a previous owner of a sony vplvw60 1080p 24 frame projector i have high video standard and expectation . this be say , i be not sure what to expect give the lower price point and how a 3d optimize picture would stack up in 2d mode . i be quite impressed with the fast start up time and the very deep black level of the vlphw30ae . the manual zoom and focus take some get use to but work fine . the 3d pictue on this relatively low cost projector be quite impressive , very bright and detailed with super deep black level . 2d detail for 1080p 24 frame fall a little short compare to the vplvw60 but not by much , give the vplvw60 be twice the price and 50 % heavier i be not disappoint . the remote backlight work great , all advance function be there . still try to figure out the best cinema mode , the low lamp mode be plenty bright for my need . i rate this high , 8.5 ~ 9.0 out of 10 the amazon service and shipping time be great , well packed and with all the accessory !
536	Projector	POS	5	i mostly use this projector for my dvd player and my game console . i find that it have a real crisp picture , and very easy to use . it be very compact and very portable . i be surprise . i would recommend this product to someone look for a projector .
626	Projector	POS	5	it be much more powerful than i expect . i like the size . it be too bad hp discontinue this model .
752	Projector	POS	5	i buy this projector in september , so far i havent get any problem with it , if i need to tell any bad point that would be that aaxa dont make they with more that 110 lumen output .
901	Projector	POS	4	i have less than 100 hour on this new bulb , so i can not comment on bulb life . my largest quibble be with the bulb 's location on the projector in that i have to take it down from the ceiling and remove the mount to replace the bulb . also , there be no installation instruction include , so i have to find the owner manual . and these bulb be still too expensive . but the picture from the revitalize hd70 make it all worth while .
253	Projector	POS	5	i wait until this screen come down to under $ 200 . it be worth the wait . i follow advice from other review that heavier mount anchor would be require , but this be expect . the only thing that be unexpected be the odor of the protectant that be use on the screen by the manufacturer , but i be sure it will disapate over time , and only noticable when the screen be down . other than those item , the screen perform just as advertised and be a great value .
263	Projector	POS	5	i love my epson powerlite s1 . i use it regularly for powerpoint presentation in office setting and as a big screen tv in we home theater . for powerpoint it do a tremendous job , provide clean , crisp image . for home theater the room can not be too bright in order to see all of the detail , but that be a small concession to make for a projector that offer ease of use , very good quality , affordable replacement bulb price , and enough power to get the job do - all for under $ 1000 . very tough to beat this deal !
876	Projector	POS	4	this solid epsion video projector be a must buy ! with all of the excellent option and the right price , you can not miss !
388	Projector	POS	4	i purchase this for a friend who love to see video game on large screen so this make a perfect gift for he now he spend less time with we
780	Projector	POS	5	this be a fantastic home projector . i be a very picky electronics fan . this exceed my expectation . the color be rich , bright & great . panasonic produce best color . i own they camera , camcorder & now this . i be go to buy they hdmi dvd player
792	Projector	POS	5	i have never write a amazon review before , but i have learn a lot about projector over the past couple week , and think i should share . as price have be come down , i finally decide to get a projector . 720p be plenty good for i . after read plenty of review here and the various projector website out there i narrow my search down to the optoma hd66 and the epson 705hd , both go for + \/ - $ 650 at the time of this writing , and both highly rate . a bit about i - i be not a projector or electronics nut , but i do appreciate know that i have the best -lrb- or better -rrb- of what be out there when i do buy thing of significant $ $ $ . male , early 30 's . do not watch any tv , just the occasional movie at home . after much fuss , i decide to order the epson . it seem to have more feature , have longer bulb life , and in the end i figure since i be no projector connoisseur i would be more than impressed with its performance . however , i be not blow away enough , so i order the optoma . i be keep the optoma , and return the epson . i test both use a connection to my old mac powerbook g4 laptop , project onto a white wall paint matte white . here be what i learn : epson 705hd : - lcd technology really do display `` little pixel '' that be visible if you be up close . not really a big deal with a movie where thing be move all the time . - significantly brighter than the optoma . - better design box , integrate lense `` cap '' that slide , easier to use adjustable leg , more friendly packaging\/manuel , carry case . basically you get the feeling that epson put some think into its product . feel more name brand and consumer friendly . - supposedly have ~ 1000 bulb hour more than the optoma when in eco mode -lrb- a touch less bright than normal mode -rrb- . - have a speaker -lrb- i do not use it -rrb- . - definitely better for office or daytime use . - blacks appear gray when compare to adjacent wall . - compare to the epson , have a larger `` screen size '' to `` distance from wall '' ratio -lrb- i think this be call `` throw '' -rrb- . plenty big . in fact i have to `` zoom out '' as the screen actually feel too large for the distance i be from the screen . the projector be prop up on a table immediately behind my couch . once adjust it be fine . the large size could be great for the gamer out there though . optoma hd66 : - feel more `` make in china '' with less fancy sticker and design . - not quite as bright as the epson . - i have yet to try this one during full daylight , but guess the epson would be better here . but this be fine with i b\/c i figure if it be bright outside , i should probably be there instead of inside . - much better color . - throw ratio not as good as epson , but more than adequate for my need . - dlp really do have much better black . the `` black frame '' around the movie be a far cry from gray , and i have a feeling if i fool around with it , i can probably get it to almost disappear . - better picture quality - this be apparent to i and all 4 of my non-professional projector testing friend , and more apparent the darker the room be . the epson be great , but the optoma be like `` whoa - i would not think i would be able to tell , but i can . '' - harder -lrb- though still possible -rrb- to discern the `` pixel '' - feel more like film . - i be worry about the `` rainbow effect '' . my friend and i be all able to see rgb shadow if we shake we head back and forth wildly , and maybe a flash of it once or twice during the movie when we eye would flick across the screen . not really a big deal , though i guess some people be more `` susceptible '' to see it than other . both : - easily find my computer and display the correct resolution automatically . - amazing resolution . - plenty of adjustment to mess with color and whatnot . i only fool around with these for 5 minute or so . you can easily make the color warmer or cooler . - have a small remote with plenty of function . battery include . - do not come with hdmus , dvi , vga cable . however , each do come with cable that allow you plug the traditional dvd player -lrb- the yellow , red , white `` rca ? '' -rrb- cable into the vga port . like i say in the end i be stick with the optoma hd66 . since the reason to get a projector , for i , be to have a really great screen to watch movie on , i figure i should lean toward picture quality over feature . if i watch tv for a lot of the day , the brightness and bulb life of the epson may have sway i in that direction . i hope this be helpful and save you all some time .
852	Projector	POS	5	i order the advanced hd port lcd projector for my son for christmas . the delivery date be for the 29th but it arrive on the 22nd ! it have great picture quality and every thing be in the carton that be suppose to be there . do not have any complaint at all about service or quality .
3	Projector	POS	5	i buy this projector to use on a recent business trip . works as advertise . nice and portable ; love that it run off a battery . i do not have experience with other projector in this category , but i be very pleased with the brightness and clarity of the image . one bit of warning : the stand that come with it suck . the thread be defective -lrb- do not thread into the projector -rrb- , and the leg would not stay in position . luckily , i have another desktop camera stand that i be use with it . i would avoid the `` spider-leg '' type stand . overall , very pleased with the device .
789	Projector	POS	5	upgrade from the ae2000 , well worth it . the color and black level be noticeably improve over the 2000 , especially the red . brightness seem better but my old projector have 2000 hour on it so the bulb have dim some . nothing better imo this side of $ 4000 , can not go wrong with the pt-ae series .
691	Projector	POS	5	i read all the review on this product and get it anyway . it arrive right on time . take all the piece out of the box . all be in a neat package with all size in its own case . the instruction be ok but not the best . it do not take long to figure it out . spread out all the package of screw need and figure out what size we need . we size up all we angle and hole . look at the picture and move all the move part around to make the best fit and also enable we to screw all the part together without any interference . once we get the projector and bottom part together it be a simple matter of get to find out where the stud be in the ceiling , screw in the two screw to hold the top piece up and fitting the two piece together . take we about a hour total . we have the thing up and sit down to watch tv in a very short time . fabulous . great piece of equipment . thanks .
226	Projector	POS	5	i use the vantage point cgupm12-s to mount a panasonic pt-ae200u projector . the mount be easy to put together and install , work great , very adjustable , well make , look good . i would highly recommend this product . i call vantage point to make sure the mount would work with my projector , they return my call and be very helpful .
170	Projector	POS	5	purchase this when it first come out . use it in conjunction with a 10 ' out door blow up movie screen for family movie . great picture quality , neighborhood kid usually show up to watch movie also . would highly recommend . can not beat the price , size and quality of the unit .
865	Projector	POS	5	i will try to be quick . i be happy with my choice . i will do it again . and do it again i will still be 100 % happy . the only downside i have be that i need to wear sunglass to watch movie ; -rrb- man the brightness be far beyond any imaginable expectation i have . after the first 5 min , when i setup the color adjustment right , the color be very good too . just to let you know , only after 20 min of the first movie i see with it , i simply realize i have the light on in my living room ... . . the projector be very quiet -lrb- i have ecomode on , lower brightness , etc. ... and now i can see the movie without sunglass ^ _ ^ -rrb- for the price , i must say , i can not imagine anything better , really ... . !! a very very happy customer p.s. 1080p really deserve a 3 meter wide screen to enjoy it ; -rrb-
99	Projector	POS	5	find this product by lucky coincidence when shop for screen . i be extremely wary of this purchase at first because its price tag be only a little more than a comparably size pull-down screen , and significantly less than the nearest-priced automated screen . turn out to be a beautiful , reliable product that i have enthusiastically recommend to other whenever i can . favi have do a excellent job with attention to detail , even the control box have a removable mount plate make it a cinch to install\/hang . if i be force to balance this praise with some kind of complaint , i guess it would be the fact that the power cord be a fixed connection from the outlet to the control box and then to the screen , make it difficult to run through a wall . a extremely minor issue , though . the screen continue to impress myself and other who watch film on it .
599	Projector	POS	5	this be the first projector i have purchase and i be very happy with it ... especially for only $ 200 . great value , i be very satisfied : -rrb-
189	Projector	POS	4	i receive my qumi on saturday from a order place on cyber monday -lrb- can not beat $ 100 off -rrb- . i choose the free shipping option and it only take 6 day . i also purchase a $ 7 cctv mount and love that amazon package multiple purchase into one box . i read multiple review and watch countless comparison video on youtube . i have recently build a 103 '' screen in my basement and have test it use a borrow viewsonic projector . i love the output but the idea of buy lamp in a few year be not appealing . i decide to try the qumi because at 30000hrs i can dedicate a projector for both movie and cable tv without worry about lamp life . i plug the qumi into my vizio blu-ray player and load `` gladiator '' as my test movie . i mount the qumi at a distance where the picture fill the 103 '' screen . i hit the light and sit down to enjoy . i be honestly surprise . the qumi do not brighten the room as much as the viewsonic , but that be because the output be focus onto the screen . the image be crisp and focus from the get go and i do not have to tinker much with the focus wheel . i then change over to `` a bug life '' and this be where it truly shine . the color from the animated movie be astounding . truth be , you can not just judge the output base on one movie , show etc. . try different media . if you plan on purchase this projector for home theater purpose , make sure that you have a relatively dim room . the projector will do well in a light room if you video or image be not dark . i be able to watch '' a bug life '' with full light on in my basement . not so with `` gladiator '' . plan on use a home theater system for audio unless you plan to use headphone . for its size , i be surprised vivitek have room for speaker . pro : can not beat 30000 hr . e.g. . if you leave it on for 24 hr , it will last for 1250 day -lrb- 3.5 year -rrb- easy to mount . i use a ceiling mount for cctv camera that i purchase together in build media player allow for multiple media option . watch movie download to my harddrive con : be prepared to buy adapter especially if you plan on mount it a good distance from you dvd player .
841	Projector	POS	4	my office have be experiment with a few different minus projector . this microvision model be the one we be stick with for now . -lrb- we have 4 of they -rrb- it be a simple plug and play procedure . the picture be decent . the cable adapter be custom make for apple product . my only problem with this feature be that the cable be very short and there be no option for a longer line . this just mean that you need to be close to the projector if you want to control the program manually . the device be light and about the size of a iphone . i can absolutely tell you that when fully charge at its brightest setting and run off the battery . . you will get no more than 2 hour and 40 minute of battery life . it be a good product for now . . i say for now because we have already see a smaller device that slide onto apple device and it have the same luminosity . we will be switch to that brand as it come to market , but for now this laser pocket projector be state of the art for the consumer market .
112	Projector	POS	4	this be my second pico projector so i know not to expect something that would fill a bright room . it do come with a lot of basic cable and even international plug adaptor but it do not come with a direct iphone\/ipod cable . that say you can open it like a hard drive on you computer and drop and drag you mp4 video file , mp3 music and powerpoint presentation onto it and they play just fine . to i that be the best feature ; you can play video and powerpoint without have to connect it to anything . you need to think of it as a gee-whiz unit rather than a presentation workhorse . really be pocket size and include sound and at least one hour of battery life . i 'll probably take it camping . it be sort of crazy that it come with a quick set up guide but no operating instruction . i be use to look thing up though and easily find the pdf on the 3m website .
119	Projector	POS	5	picture quality out standig . ease of operating great , only down fall bulb price . around $ 400 . if you find one cheap let people know !!!!!
826	Projector	POS	5	i be lucky enough to grab one of these ysp-1100 unit while amazon have they for $ 432 and be so glad i do ! my marantz receiver be start to give i trouble and i be dissatisfy with the sound of my boston acoustic surround speaker . i take a chance on what seem impossible -- a surround system without all the wire and point sound source . after live with this system for about two week , try it with dv 's , hdtv , cd 's and internet music service -lrb- pandora and slacker through a squeezebox -rrb- , i be definitely impressed . the automatic setup be pretty amazing and fairly easy to tweak use the manual setup menu . connect all the input and output be a bit frustrating , but once i figure it out only take a few hour . the remote code work for my sony dvd player and 10-year-old mitsubishi tv , but i can not get the motorola cable box code work , so i have to use the cable remote for some thing and the yamaha remote for most control . the sound be glorious , and frankly i can not figure out how this technology work so well ! my room be not ideal , with a eight-foot wide opening at the back of the room . in spite of this , on many sound source i definitely hear sound come from the side and back of the room . the soundstage for regular stereo cd 's and most tv broadcast span the entire 14 foot wall behind the tv . concert dvd 's and football game envelope the room in crowd noise , while concentrate the music\/commentary in the center front where they belong . i frequently hear sound that appear to come from all over my house . even my dog wake up bark many time look for the sound ! beyond the surround effect , which be miraculous , the sound be crisp and life-like . some other reviewer have comment that the sound be a bit bright and i adjust the treble gain down a bit which work for i . acoustic music sound like it be right in the room and all music do not have the artificial separation that stereo speaker create -- most music naturally be in the middle of the soundstage and this unit reproduce music much more naturally than separated stereo speaker in my opinion . overall this be a terrific system and i think it be well worth the current price of $ 700-800 , particularly consider you would have to spend at least $ 400 for a decent receiver and more for decent speaker . i should add that i be use my old boston acoustic 100w subwoofer and it sound better than it ever do before . i think the crossover adjustment be calibrate better and there be no discernable `` gap '' in frequency response . a sub be definitely require . could someone build a system this good with a good amplifier , wireless rear speaker , etc ? absolutely ... for about $ 2,000 . be a few bell and whistle miss from this to make it perfect for purist ? yes . but the benefit be overwhelming and i would not trade this system in for anything right now .
456	Projector	POS	5	product be very affordable & be a superb choice for the price . the image be a bit pixelated , but it be a excellent medium for play game & watch movie . the machine be fairly quiet & the picture be still usable even when the ambient light be a bit high . i be very happy with my purchase
620	Projector	POS	5	this product be over my expection . it be small and light . as well , the performance of this projector be really great . although i do not have any protable projector before , i think this one be the best so-far . i be glad that i make a good choice to purchase this projector .
225	Projector	POS	4	the projector work wonder , only exception i have be if it have its own disc reader and mount for external speaker but that would only make the price go up more . do a great job , fairly easy to set up and use .
827	Projector	POS	5	this be we second moviemate projector -lrb- we moviemate 30 still be go strong -rrb- . we love the concept of have a build in dvd player and speaker . you do not need anthing else . the major improvement for the 30 to the 60 be the additional input -lrb- hdmus and vga -rrb- . the microphone input be also unique add feature that i have not see anywhere else . i love everything about this product .
431	Projector	POS	5	i research many projector screen and at the end i make a decision to buy this one and i think i make the right decision , the screen have 1:3 gain and very easy to install . have 2 remote and wall hanging unit to control the rotation . noise level be low . little slow in move the screen but i like that . very good choice for the price we be buy and better result then elite or da-lite screen .
991	Projector	POS	5	the good : simple to install amazing sound do make you feel like you be sit the the middle of the cinema the functionality have anything i want and more the downside : no sub woofer -lrb- but i already own one -rrb- a bit expensive terrible user manual
95	Projector	POS	4	the only thing that i would change about this projector would be : i wish i could make the image smaller . i be project onto the wall above my fireplace , and with the projector situate on a shelf in my den so that people be not trip on it when they sit in the living room , i be afraid the image be just a bit too large , even with the size scale all the way down . fortunately , when i switch the projector to a 16:9 widescreen format , the image cut down just enough to fit on my stretch of wall . even on a simple white-painted wall , the resolution be good enough to watch movie with subtitle easily , and even see normal-sized text if you squint . the only thing the include remote can not do be adjust the size and focus of the projection , and open and shut the slide on the front . otherwise , you never have to touch the projector itself . once i figure out how to make this projector work with the space i have , everything be perfect ! i be loving my new setup .
275	Projector	POS	4	for college , this projector be worth the money . in a sunny day with the blind close on the east window a decent picture can still be acquire . the 16x9 picture be great but when connect to the computer , i sometimes get a greenish tent but not when it be connect to a dvd player , etc. . my only issue be that when watch a movie the projector will go out of focus halfway through the movie , probably because of the vibration of the projector itself . overall a really good product .
482	Projector	POS	5	i have have this projector setup since oct '04 and use it as a daily tv . i currently have it project on to a blank wall , which work just fine . i have log over 1000 hr on the unit and it be still work great . it do not work well in a brightly light room , but with only low watt accent light it seem to be just fine . i have it setup with my computer and use a hdtv ota card and the image blow i away . i use a dvd player on the s-video and it seem to run fine , although the only way to get the crisp hd be to use the xga port . the only time i have really notice anything on it and this be pretty small , but on a really dark movie and say there be a light post or car light drive by ... if you look away at that point you 'll see a rainbow tracer as you look away in the shape of that white light . oh and analog cable seem to be a little grainy and be really noticeable on cartoon like the simpsons . but with high def or digital cable you should be just fine . i would recomend if you can find one at a reasonable price to buy a ceiling mount . i just buy one and install it last week and the native off-axis angle be set to be ceiling mount so no need to keystone . the remote be a small credit card size with bubble button . the source button go out on i after 4 month , but there be a option in the menu to have auto-searching on the source so you do not have to change it manually . the pip option be kind of cool with 9 different positioning for it and two different size small and medium . and on a 6 ' x 6 ' wall the small be hard to see . let see what else , oh the fan noise be very quiet . the spin up of the xbox dvd 's be louder . i choose this one over the 6100 because of the native resolution . 1024 x 768 -lrb- max 85hz -rrb- on the 6200 vs the 800x600 on the 6100 . i have play halo2 , halflife2 , rise of nations , watch dvd 's from futurama - avp , use it as a daily tv - host a great superbowl party . this be a must have in my book . hope this help as a review ...
5	Projector	POS	5	the item be ship exactly as describe and work perfectly . it be package very well and work immediately upon plug in . i be so thrill to find such a excellent product and a great price , i will definitely consider this seller again .
441	Projector	POS	4	for those who want they house to sound like a true movie theater , this may not be the system for you . what i can say be i have no desire to run wire to the back of the room for rear speaker and this sound projecter keep i from do so . it as quick to install , it be completely self contain , and the sound quality be good . i use for both television and listen to music . the only issue i can say i have , be the volume be a little low when use as a home stereo . for the price , i would recommend this to anyone .
766	Projector	POS	5	i be worry about how the picture would look when you blow it up to 110 '' as i do since it be only 720p . but i be pleasantly surprise at how sharp the picture be . it may not look as good as it do on a 22 '' monitor or something but it be more than good enough for i . the picture be plenty bright even with the light on but of course look better with the light off . we generally leave the light on when watch tv but turn they off for movie . we be use a real projector screen and not the wall or a sheet like some . i recommend get a wall mountable one from here . we order a `` elite screens '' brand and be really happy with it . with the free shipping it get to we house in under a week and sooner than we expect . no complaint yet . just make sure you understand there be no horizontal keystone . mean you have to mount it with the lens directly in the center of the screen horizontally . the vertical keystone work great . also it sound like a lot of people use the projector speaker as they main source of sound for some reason . this may be ok for school or basic presentation but you go to want to have a stereo to watch tv\/movies or play game . the speaker on the projector be not really mean to be use for entertainment purpose , nor should it be expect to .
76	Projector	POS	5	i receive my apple ipad dock connector cable , connect it to my lcd projector and it work perfectly . i didnt need to do anything . this company be great . i actually receive my product before the suggest delivery date . thank you for offer this product .
188	Projector	POS	5	my son buy this for himself and have be very happy with the quality of this product for the decent price he pay .
516	Projector	POS	5	i be not too sure about this mount when i get it . the description be not very good and the instruction be so so but it adjust to almost any mount scenario that you need . come with lot of extra part in case you need they and extend quite a bit which be what i be look for since i mount it in a room with a cathedral ceiling .
14	Projector	POS	5	i purchase this projector last year and have be nothing but happy with it . i have not use it be hdtv capability -lrb- since i have no source -rrb- , but i use it to display movie from a computer regularly . with more input mode than you probably need , this projector will handle almost any display need . i have use it for vga and dvi input , as well as s-video for my ps2 . as a computer monitor it perform spectacular up to resolution of 1024x768 . it be capable of down sampling 1280x1024 input , but it leave 12 point text nearly unreadable during the down sample . i have be use it successfully at 1024x768 to play game and movie and it perform spectacularly . when display analog tv input from my ps2 it do very well . final fantasy 10 show only minor blur from be display in a large monitor , and overall i be very happy with it be analog tv capability . as a monitor for a media center pc be amazing . after adjust the setting the display be better than my parent rear projection screen . after all that be say , there be a few problem : 1 . the down sampling from 1280x1024 leave a lot lack . i try to use this resolution to play world of warcraft and the text distortion eventually cause a headache . try to program with 12 or 14 point text in this resolution cause similar problem . however , if i be simply view a movie i doubt i would have notice the down sampling artifact . if you plan on play computer game or do thing like program on this projector , be aware you will need to be in 1024x768 -lrb- not nearly as much of a problem as you would think , as you be on a 5 foot display ... but still a slight letdown -rrb- . 2 . there be only one `` user mode '' for display setting , but it have very different need for different input . for instance , ps2 have a radically darker output than a vga computer connection , and leave the brightness up when switch to a computer cause a wash out effect . the build in option `` movie '' `` game '' -lrb- and one other i can not recall -rrb- be acceptable , but hand tweaking the display setting for a particular input invariably lead to a cleaner brighter picture with more distinguishable color . i would have like to have at least 5 user setting for display . 3 . if you be not use the right display setting for you input the output may be horrible . effect range from dark color in a ps2 blend into black , to wash out on a computer connection . further , change the contrast and brightness sometimes have radical effect on how many color be visible . 4 . the projector do not have auto light sense as have be find on tv 's since i be bear . when you turn on the overhead light , you usually need to adjust the display to be brighter . this be something that a trivial bit of circuitry can , and should , handle . with those problem state , i would like to repeat , of the projector on the market i believe this be the best home theater \/ personal use choice . most people will not change input constantly , and set you user setting to handle you movie input should be enough for most . as a computer display at 1024x768 it allow for team editing of document , and would easily handle powerpoint if i use it . in the average situation , the room lighting be dark while use a projector , and auto light sense will not be a issue . if you be go to buy one projector this year , bar any amazing new competition it should be this projector . it be low cost , very bright , handle almost any input you could want , and very good at display movie and computer screen .
649	Projector	POS	5	i buy this in a bind to replace and earlier projector that have be steal from my office . i use this for a class that i instruct on a monthly basis . it do what it be suppose to do . the presentation from the laptop appear on the screen ... the student 's nod off , i finish and they get they continuing education certificate . i do not try to watch tv with it or illuminate the luxor casino , so if that be what you want to use this product for you have better find another review to teach it be excellence . but , if you need something to help you out with a little visual presentation ... this be you baby .
11	Projector	POS	4	everyone review this product and rate it as if it be a $ 900.00 dlp hd projector . well quite simply it be not . this be a low price budget projector perfect for outdoor movie viewing and with a simple $ 20.00 converter box its good for presentation too . i have use it numerous time in my backyard to watch tv show and movie and everyone be pleased . no its not crystal clear but with some adjustment it be enjoyable and easy to view . the setup be quick and easy and with the use of a old projector screen brightness and color be not too bad . i be enjoy this product greatly consider i only pain $ 85.00 for the converter , projector and screen . i would recommend this to anyone look for a cheap projector for light use keep in mind it be cheap and the quality be not perfect .
466	Projector	POS	5	we have search for several month for a screen that stay within we budget and provide the quality of screen find in much more expensive screen -lrb- i use projector screen of various size at work -rrb- . the favi screen do a great job and be easy to install for my husband and myself . we install right into the drywall -lrb- with use of drywall anchor -rrb- since no stud be nearby to keep the screen center on the wall . to spend only $ 257 be a incredible price . we have watch movie every evening for about a month now . we read earlier review with one person go on and on about the smell after they unpack the screen . it do off-gas for a day or two but not the 2 week or so as they claim . we have pair this with the optoma game time projector which be portable and do not need extra speaker unless you just want to add they . we also add a apple tv device -lrb- $ 99 -rrb- to stream movie from we netflix account as well as many other service the apple tv device bring to the screen . we have also learn how to mirror we iphone 4 and ipad 2 and later through the apple tv device onto the big screen which be accomplish wirelessly and show anything you iphone 4 or ipad2 can deliver whether it be app , movie , text , or email .
747	Projector	POS	5	my title say it all . this projector be the only one you 'll need if you be anything like i and do not need a hdmus input to increase the quality ever so slightly . this projector be practical and affordable . the image quality be superb . i highly recommend this product to anyone shopping around for the best value on a projector .
458	Projector	POS	5	this product be better than a tv . portable , user friendly , great quality , i like it very much and i use outdoors or indoors
30	Projector	POS	5	i have to write a review for this amazing product . i purchase my qumi in august , so i have have enough time to play around with it and give a honest review . the picture quality be just amazing . i use to have a older sanyo pj that be just standard def . replacement bulb for my sanyo pj be $ 500 each ouch !!! the qumus seem like it be light year ahead of its time when i first see the image on my screen . the qumus do have to warm up for a few minute before the focus be clear . it be nothing major with 30,000 lamp life , if the few minute it take to focus bother anyone that much you can just leave this wonderful device on all the time -lrb- in eco mode -rrb- and you will never have to worry about the focus issue . sometimes i leave my qumus on for hour at a time because i do not have to worry about a bulb !!!! when i do leave it on for long period of time i simply switch from normal mode to eco mode and when i be ready to watch again turn normal mode back on and i be experience eye candy !! my wife like the pj also because it really do look like a oversize hdtv . i do have my qumi in a dark basement , but i can leave on a couple of light -lrb- away from the screen -rrb- and the picture be bright enough . my brightness be not even all the way up it be like at 60 -lrb- can go to 100 -rrb- . as far as 3d be concern the qumus can put out a 3d image with extra hardware of course , but the qumus can do it . i watch drive angry 3d and the picture brightness be kind of dark , but in a dark environment the picture be still bright enough to enjoy a 3d movie . the qumus be a great product and the selling point for i be no more bulb to buy ! just turn on sit back and enjoy . you do not even have to worry about fall asleep with this many hour on the bulb . you could run this projector for 24 hour a day 7 day a week for 4 year before the bulb show any sign of fail . that be just wonderful ! fortunately , no one will run they qumi for that long so therefore , you qumi will last you for at least 10 year use it like you would you regular tv . hopefully by then the qumi will be cheaper and i can have one in every room that use to have a hdtv . the future be look 300 lumen brighter , thanks qumus for a great product . i would recommend this product to anyone look for a economical way of enjoy hd on a huge screen .
943	Projector	POS	5	we be in need of a computer projector for meeting and do not want to spend $ $ $ for a new one . this infocus projector be the perfect answer . it arrive quickly , work right out of the box and have already perform well at several meeting !
283	Projector	POS	5	after have this thing fire up on a 120 '' screen -lrb- as oppose to my buddy 's textured living room wall with he hd65 -rrb- and have some time to spend do a little calibrate i be blow away . i purchase this instead of the epson 8100 -lrb- finance constraint -rrb- , but i do not feel a bit letdown after use this baby . games , movie and tv show be incredible on the 66 and the darker the room get , the better the picture get . definitely worth the purchase price and quite frankly , you would have to be a certified lunatic to choose a television over this when you take the price and performance into consideration -lrb- even factor in the negligible replacement cost of a optoma light bulb -rrb- . i really do not see myself ever go back to normal tv as anything but a secondary viewer . use a hd projector be the only true way to do home theater right . setup be a breeze and i buy everything on amazon through various seller and pay way less than i would have anywhere else . for the full price of the setup and ceiling mount this thing i would be lucky to grab a tv over 50 '' -lrb- exclude dlp 's -rrb- . every single one of my friend and family member -lrb- especially my wife ... the ultimate skeptic -rrb- be extremely impressed . the only real problem i have now be keep all of they at bay long enough to watch something of mine ! as for performance tidbit ? resolution be very clear for a 720p model and i have keep all my item scale up to 1080p and let the hd66 's onboard downscaler do the work as i feel that look the sharpest . even when i do this i be still able to play my xbox 360 with no noticeable lag and it look beautiful . my samsung blu-ray player and my hdmi-capable htpc also look phenomenal -lrb- i highly recommend use windows media center and one of its custom frontend like media browser as they look marvelous on a screen this large -rrb- . screen door effect be at a minimum if the machine be calibrate halfway decent and if you be sit at a adequate distance from the screen . i do not suffer from rbe so i have yet to see a rainbow -lrb- hopefully i never do -rrb- and i have already watch hour of various content from live-action movie to game to sport , etc. . the menu system be easy to navigate and the focus and zoom offset be great -lrb- but offer the limited placement flexibility consistent with other dlp model of its ilk -rrb- . the remote be not backlit , but once the room be darken , i still have no problem see the necessary key to press -lrb- i be also not one of those remote control stickler , so go figure -rrb- . calibration prove easy enough and a quick google search will yield several reviewer site with easy setting to try out . the unit itself be very light and be a breeze to install . overall , a solid purchase and i feel i get the better end of the deal for the type of home theater i now have . i have not test out the 3d capability yet as i do not have enough for the active shutter glass -lrb- but that be what i be hope to get for my birthday -- hope my wife read this ! -rrb- . it be nice to know that optoma be now offer firmware upgrade to deal with nvidia driver properly and that they may be ready for 3d blu-ray by year 's end -lrb- accord to some scuttlebutt i have read on a few tech message board -rrb- , this way , if i do eventually decide to make 3d a priority , i can go that route without too much fuss . i guess all that be leave for i now be to upgrade my a\/v receiver -lrb- hopefully sooner than later -rrb- and buy a few pair of those fancy 3-d glass . until then ? i be a very happy camper .
389	Projector	POS	5	aaxa technologies do a great job with this micro projector , its too big to be consider a pico projector and it put out more light than any pico projector i have ever see . the build in media player be alright although it do have some room for improvement . i have no problem use the small remote that come with it . the fan make noise but its well within the range that i expect for a projector , much quieter than many of the larger projector that i have use in the past . after nearly a year of use it be still work as good as the day it come off the fedex truck . i use it with a epson duet 80 '' screen  epson duet 80-inch dual aspect ratio projection screen , portable 4:3 and 16:9 aspect ratio screen -lrb- elpsc80 -rrb-  it have travel almost everywhere i have since i get it and i still love watch movie on it whenever i can . if you be sensitive to dlp 's rainbow effect , this may not be the projector for you since it use a liquid crystal on silicon display which be similar to dlp ... no screen door effect like lcd projector have . sd-hc compatible , i have use it with my 32gb ridata lightning class 10 card , can also be use as a card reader when connect to a computer via usb . lead power display so no bulb to have to change within the lifespan i expect to get out of this projector . come with a cheap gorilla-pod style tripod that be far to flexible to support the weight of the projector , a standard photography tripod work beautifully especially when use it with the epson duet screen . the build in speaker be more of a after thought than anything else , use good speaker or headphone with this projector . have all the cable you might need with the exception of hdmus in the box , but i can honestly say i have never use this with hdmus . the vga cable be short but i have no problem when use it with a extension cable or a dvi to vga adaptor cable . the only display equipment i own with a composite input , which work great with a old nintendo game cube that be just collect dust in a closet before i get this projector . very portable , best in class brightness , compact full featured portable projector that travel nicely with my laptop or ipad . i would recommend and have recommend this projector to anyone who travel frequently ... i even remember demo it to someone while wait for a plane in the anchorage ted stevens international airport .
588	Projector	POS	5	i have have this projector for almost a month now , and it have work perfectly for i the whole time . it be a little bit fuzzy when project off of my computer use the standard vga connection , but when i be watch video from my computer or gaming system it look perfect . i have be project straight onto my green wall , and with the wall color adjustment it look great . i would definitely recommend this projector , and i think that you would be crazy to get a projector for 3 time the price that be only a little higher quality .
246	Projector	POS	5	first , let i explain my set up . i purchase this projector for the great room in my new home , which i move into in december 2010 . i have it ceiling mount and have a hdmus and power supply build into the ceiling , so i would not have any wire hang down . i use the projector for directv -lrb- hd -rrb- , blu ray movie , my karaoke player , and my wii . i have two hdmi switch , which allow i to go back and forth between the projector and my samsung plasma tv . i be use this projector with a ceiling-mounted , 80-inch screen -lrb- also purchase via amazon -rrb- . while i do not use the projector as my primary tv , i do use it when i have company over or want to watch a movie . it could easily be one 's primary television , but the picture be not as clear as that on my plasma tv . obviously , the picture be better at night than during the day , but it be bright enough that it can be use during the day . i have a super bowl party -lrb- the game start at 4:30 here -rrb- , and everybody comment on how cool it be to watch the game on the projector . i do not get any complaint about the picture . i initially think the projector could project up to 300 inch . i be not sure where i get that . it be possible i get confuse due to the ton of projector i be research at one time . there be no way -lrb- that i have find -rrb- to increase the picture size . it be about 80 inch ; it fill up my 80-inch projector screen just fine . the audio have not be a problem for i . i have ceiling-mounted speaker as part of my home theater system , so i would not have any need to use the unit 's built-in speaker . overall i be happy with the projector . i may move it into my bedroom and upgrade to something with a higher resolution that be a little bit brighter , but for the price this be a great deal . i have the coolest home theater setup on my block , and my friend love to come over for movie and karaoke night . what more could i ask for ?
85	Projector	POS	4	i receive the projector in a quick time especially due to i be overseas . the projector be awesome and i have zero complaint !
335	Projector	POS	5	after day of totally obsessive research about projector -lrb- 3d , 3d glass , 2d to 3d conversion , full 3d as oppose to `` 3d ready '' and on and on -rrb- , i finally make a somewhat inform decision and order the optoma gt750e . i have nothing to compare it to , as this be my first projector , but i could not be happier !! my new toy do everything it promise and we have watch several 3d and 2d movie in the comfort of we home - it have even make a 3d fan of my unimpressible husband . the picture be fabulous in a darkened room and good in ambient light . the build in speaker be good enough to enjoy anything you want to watch but hdmi surround sound be better , of course . 3d sound be through the hdmus output so sound be not send to the rca out or the headphone out when play 3d or convert 2d to 3d . we have use both a panasonic dmp-bdt210 integrated-wi-fus 3d blu-ray dvd player and a sony 3d blu-ray player hook directly to the projector via a hdmus cable . the gt750 recognize the panasonic immediately but take longer to find the sony 's input . the picture be great with both player . we have use a king size sheet , a blank wall and now a elite 135 '' screen - the screen give you a fabulous picture but the wall be waaaaay better because you can make the picture so big !! all in all , the gt750 be a delightful toy and i would do it again ! here be what you 'll need if you want to take advantage of the gt750 's 3d capacity -lrb- all be available on amazon -rrb- - a hdmus 3d capable cable ultraclear hd dlp link compatible 3d glass - most comfortable for i - work beautifully and best picture overall or optoma bg-zd101 dlp link 3d glass - be a bit heavy but have a great picture - some flash in bright scene or optoma technology bg-3drfglass 3d rf rechargeable glass -lrb- radio frequency not ir glass -rrb- work with the emitter include with the projector - picture be good and glass be comfortable but the picture be better with dlp glass - you can use all three kind of glass at the same time . also , i find out the hard way , 3d glass can not be find at local retailer . i should have order a extra pair -lrb- or two -rrb- . i also purchase a panasonic dmp-bdt210 integrated-wi-fus 3d blu-ray dvd player which play 3d and convert 2d to 3d -lrb- after i follow the advice in the follow quote -rrb- . it also stream netflix , you tube and all they friend and you can -lrb- slowly -rrb- search the internet . it be fabulous ! for the panasonic 2d to 3d conversion fix `` turn on you blu ray player and navigate to setup , next go to player setting , then push tv \/ device connection . go to 3d setting and go to 3d type , click this and change it to side by side , as this tv support neither full hd -lrb- for 2d-3d conversion -rrb- . once you have change it to side by side , the problem be fix . now insert a non 3d movie and push the 3d button and go to 2d to 3d conversion . you tv will sense 3d content and ask you if you want to switch , you will only have a few seconds to push yes so be ready or it will revert to 2d . ''
902	Projector	POS	5	i buy this as my first ever projector to replace a old tv . i have to convince my dad to get this as he be under the impression that projector be no good unless it be completely dark . now that he give it a chance , he be completely satisfied and more , as be i. the projector be very bright , even with a lot of daylight come in through 3 big window in the back of the room . at night , i keep the light in the room at about 50 % and the projector still look amazing at less than half brightness . the picture quality be amazing and it project a huge image from a short distance . furthermore , i be project on a wall without a screen and it still look amazing . i love it . i would buy it again and i recommend it to everyone who be look for a high definition projector and be try to spend less than $ 1k . this projector should be worth a lot more . i do not know how they can get much better than this .
989	Projector	POS	5	install be a snap ! we have a previous projector mount that be not universal , and need to replace it due to the projector die . stick this universal one in its place , and it work . come with many part for 4 different type of protector fitting either 3 or 4 screw . the color match we ceiling , so it just blend seamlessly .
104	Projector	POS	4	i purchase this primarily for business use on the move , but have use it for movie too . i have connect it to my macbook pro but have yet to use it with my ipad . it be fairly easy to get set up but would benefit from a better ` get start ' guide . everything about this projector have be scale down include menu , button and typeface in the accompany manual . the test run with the shawshank redemption , a old favorite , be first rate with a superb quality image ; you need to draw the curtain but otherwise it give you the full movie expereince . i think i be get a remote control include - but apparently not ! have yet to decide if one be need . come with a nice quality case for the projector but leave you with usual issue of where to carry lead and charger .
420	Projector	POS	5	have be work with many projector lately and this one beat all other i have work with . this be a wonderful piece of machinery , it lack a little bit of contrast though , but brightne , resolution , image quality , color , and price be perfect .
653	Projector	POS	4	great screen ! although , i do not like the way the package tracking be address by this company . the courier use be unknown -lrb- ` pilot ' courier -rrb- . no package tracking link , contact or phone number . when i search for pilot and leave message , no one bother to respond . they do not follow note \/ request on my door -lrb- just to call my cell phone -rrb- , instead keep call at my home , obviously do not get hold of i . overall delay in delivery ... give i less time to install and test entire set up . anyway work fantastic ! smooth motor operation . have not test remote yet , but should be fine . works great with projector optoma hd20 which i buy along with this screen . -lcb- i have issue with onkyo s7300 7.1 channel surround sound i buy ; return it to amazon and wait for refund on that . separately put review on that product -rcb- the maker favi can do better job in communicate and track link etc. . i see that they be do better already by now add the installation guideline , picture and dimension . great product , just need to improve operation and support . - atul choudhary
661	Projector	POS	5	spend a lot of time compare this and the epson 8350 . the decision come down to color as the black finish blended in well with my black ceiling . very happy with this projector . movie theater quality picture on my 100 '' diagonal screen . no image tear , no artifact ; just pure clean image . you can hear the projector when you turn it on , but can not hear it at all when you be watch a movie . we also have we xbox 360 hook up through this projector . again ... beautiful . i highly recommend the use of a surround home theater system . between gaming and movie night , i have not be very productive since i set all of this up earlier this year .
192	Projector	POS	4	very good projector . have it for a month now and very happy with it . have a little problem in the begin to set it up with nvida 3d vision on my pc -lrb- mostly because of my lack of experience in the area -rrb- but manage to do it after 4 day . only down side be the beep noise when turn on and of and the fact that the on screen menu have no option to be more transparent . january 02 2012 : have it for almost a year now and still work fine
475	Projector	POS	5	i parece un estupendo producto que reune en pocas libras las caracteristicas deseadas en un proyector , la conexion via usb i parece muy util para evitar los enredos con lo cable . la viveza de los colores es muy buena tambien .
762	Projector	POS	4	i order this screen on 7th apr '11 and be out of stock for long time and finally get it deliver on 11th july ' 11 . it be a decent motorized screen for the price . it come with 2 remote like description say and one almost never work . it have easy mechanism to adjust length of screen . i have not see clear instruction or hardware for install the screen to the wall or ceiling but i figure out my own way of install screen . after see the hole on each side anyone can figure out how to install . only one thing that be bother i be , after few time i roll screen up and down , i see lot wrinkle up towards the case . i try to look up the contact number for favus but nowhere to find . also contact amazon but they do not have contact for favi either . i go in to they website and fill out contact form but have not hear from they yet . so the bottom line be , if you be look for professional \/ real theater like experience may be you should consider frame screen , not motorized one .
836	Projector	POS	5	i be worry that the picture quality on this model would be lower the usual . it be a cheaper version of a lot of other . i be very nicely surprise when i turn this on . the quality be great . the first game be grand theft auto , i love it . play on a screen that big be great and its picture quality be very good .
215	Projector	POS	5	i have purchase this projector in jan 2011 and be excite to have a 3d big screen experience at the luxury of you home . i have to but the 3d glass and the optoma 3d adapter . i be very impressed out of the box . blu-ray look great . works quite well in ambient light , but really come alive in light off . hd stuff look really good from view distance of 10 ' . overall i be very happy with my purchase . i would recommend this projector to anyone look for a 3d projector in this price range .
753	Projector	POS	5	we love we television , and after 3 year the original lamp be still work ! this be we 3rd front projection tv , and it be by far the most dependable -lrb- previous benq and infocus model be ok -rrb- . the features\/function mix be not perfect , but practical for the budget range of this device . the throw distance of 18 foot across we family room be superb . we have 3800 hour on the manufacturer 's lamp after 3 year of use , and its 2500 lumen continue to shine bright ! when we consider we next lamp replacement compare to a new tv of comparable price , we 'll most likely stick with the epson ex51 and a new lamp because we be so happy with we family tv . we hope you 'll be as thrill as we have be .
59	Projector	POS	5	i get this projector as a wedding gift and actually get totally hooked on it . we have a nice flat screen television already , but the projector be a whole new viewing experience . it be so easy to set up and hardly take any time at all to focus the picture perfectly . now movie night really have that movie theater experience too .
67	Projector	POS	4	receive my dg-747 today . very impress with the hook up . be easy to hook every thing up and start use it . it be high def , the computer hook up need a good video card to get great picture . very well pleased with the picture with just use the dynamic preset setting . have not try fine tuning yet . the only problem i see so far be the focus could operate smoother . bulb can be order from lone star so far they have answer all my email politely and promptly . and you can reach they by phone . will add to my post as need .
601	Projector	POS	5	i review many different projector before finally purchase this one . i have it project on a flat , white wall from about 15 ' away and the seating be also about 15 ' away . the high definition be outstanding on this projector . i also have a 52 '' sony bravia 1080p lead and this be definitely comparable to that which be amazing consider it be much , much bigger . the menu option do not need much tweaking despite what you may read in some people 's review . i increase my contrast to 61 and i decrease my brightness to 48 during the day and move it down to 40 at night . if you be look at buy this model i would strongly advise do so . only downside be that the zoom be very limited and there be no lens shift capability so if you be work with a small area you might want a projector with lens shift and zoom but if not then this model be definitely worth the money ! i have have friend over to see it and no one can believe that it only cost $ 630 . the ps3 look outstanding on this as well . i can not comment on the 3d capability as the converter box be sell out at the moment and do not get to test that out but if it be as good of quality as the rest of the projector then i be not worried one bit .
135	Projector	POS	5	the package be real long , but that be obvious consider the one i order be 120 '' ! the whole thing be in two part : the tripod portion and the screen portion . the tripod be a easy setup and the screen snap in with ease . the quality of the material be fine and it do not appear to have any flimsy part to it . this product be easy to setup and tear down -lrb- you can set it up and tear it down in a minute , seriously -rrb- . the white portion of the screen be bright and the screen material be good quality . i highly recommend this !
270	Projector	POS	5	this be a fantastic little projector it do just what it be mean for , on the spot presentation when you do not have access to a full size projector and you need to get you point across , this be the thing . people be surprise by what it could do i certainly be , i have my power point on a flash drive , prop this little baby up on a couple book have eight client in a little office and they be impressed . i just do not leave home without it .
387	Projector	POS	5	wow ! we get this as a gift for my husband who have want to have a ` home theater system ' . we be very pleased with it . the brightness be amazing . so fun to watch the really big screen ! the only thing that be so-so with it , be the smaller word be not as crisply clean as the rest of the picture . i be not persuade that it be not the fault of the dvd 's or vhs 's we have , but on the credit , the word be slightly fuzzy . however , i consider this by far one of the best purchase i have make in a long while ! awesome surprise for the family !
908	Projector	POS	5	i do a unbelievable amount of research on home theater projector over the course of about a year begin on a projector about half the price of this and slowly make my way to this model before decide that this be the one . i have never buy a projector before so i do not want to jump in and buy one for $ 6,000 + or anything , but i be a movie geek so i still want the best that i could possibly get on a reasonable budget . i be overjoy to report that this projector be beyond my wildest expectation . i own a samsung touch of red lcd screen that be the envy of everyone who come over and see it , but this blow that out of the water -lrb- project 100 '' onto a fix 16:9 screen -rrb- . color be bright and the image be crisp with great contrast . although i do calibrate it and get the image to look slightly better , i find that it be not really too necessary as the out of the box color 1 setting be tune well enough . i will say this about it though , it be huge . although it do not weigh a great deal , the physical size of this thing be gigantic . i also have some difficulty get a universal projector mount to fit and hang right with it , but i guess that be not entirely its fault as i be sure other more experienced have no trouble .
805	Projector	POS	5	i purchase this item for company use base upon the review i read here . this unit exceed we expectation . keep in mind that i be review a new product -lrb- 1 month old -rrb- so i can not speak to durability . however , the unit seem well build by today 's standard and everything work well out of the box . the upside that we have so far observe be as follow : the unit be very easy to set up . it need almost no preparation to start show dvd . as for connect we computer , i use the provide vga cable and it immediately recognize my computer . the picture be amazingly clear , even in a light room . -lrb- we be not aware that this be a hdmus capable unit . we will not necessarily be use that function anytime soon , but it be worth note -rrb- . the dvd play nicely and be easy to control . we recently have a problem with a dvd in a important presentation , which be why we begin look to upgrade . i wish we have this unit at that time ! the internal sound be exceptional ! we primary presentation room be 45 ' x 100 ' , and we do not even need to turn the unit all the way up for everyone to hear the presentation loud and clear . it automatically play the sound from dvd , but if we run sound through a computer we need to hook up a audio cable which we have to purchase separately for $ 14.00 . the sound quality from dvd be superior to the sound quality from the computer . we have not use the microphone function , so i can not comment on that feature . the other feature i like be these ; easy remote control , the slide lens cover be build in rather than separate , screen balance function allow for a nice `` in proportion '' picture , the fan be pretty quiet , and dual front leg rather than just one . the price although not cheap , be acceptable and fall within we budget . the only downside observe be that the provide carry case be a little flimsy . it be not bad , but it be not that good either . i highly recommend this product for small to medium multi-media presentation . p.s. i have come back now to add to my review . this projector continue to work flawlessly even though other office group constantly borrow it . it be hold up well and it have eliminate previous presentation problem we have encounter with we previous projector . we have also add the microphone , both wire and wireless -lrb- purchase from radio shack -rrb- . they work really well , but note we need to also purchase a adapter to size down from 1\/4 '' standard jack to 1\/8 '' computer size so these mic will fit into the projector . p.p.s. another return to add to my review . i be so pleased with this machine that i just buy another one . this one arrive with a cord microphone include . this be unexpected and i think that be pretty cool .
384	Projector	POS	4	this projector have completely blow i away . once it be focus in , the quality of picture be impressive . it be not hard to set it up or stow it away . i do not like have a tv visible in my house so , with this projector , i roll down a screen , set it up , and i be watch theater quality-huge projection . it be awesome ! i be totally recommend this .
615	Projector	POS	5	use it to show picture at a party i be at on the back side of the garage door . then hook it up to a blu-ray player and watch scott pilgrim vs. the world . be a great picture . it do need to be dark in the room you be use it in , due to the 50 lumen . but for the price it do what it say it will . also need to hook it up to external speaker for sound as the internal .5 watt be obviously not enough . overall i highly recommend for those look for a extremely portable projector . if you want videophile quality this be not it , though . but then agian it be not market that way .
53	Projector	POS	4	this motorized 150 '' screen be significantly cheaper than other comparable screen and the prime shipping from amazon be fast . it have some good feature such as a wireless remote that allow the controller box to be mount above the drop ceiling and it be much lighter -lrb- allow for smaller anchor bolt -rrb- than other screen . my main problem be the curl left and right edge , slow motor and the poorly install bottom rail . make sure you have the ceiling height -lrb- ie . at least 10 foot -rrb- if you be go to use it in a conference room setting . a 8 foot ceiling will cause problem .
633	Projector	POS	4	i really enjoy use this projector . it be fairly easy to set up . the include instruction be not great but enough to understand how to connect , project and transfer file easily between my netbook and projector . the include cable be all i need for how i use it . the control be small so i would recommend get the remote control . i buy a optional targus tripod which work well with it . the software work as advertise to transfer and convert image file and various other from you pc to projector . there be also a micro sd card slot to save you file to . the image quality be fairly good not great but certainly good enough to watch video , slide show and powerpoint presentations . use the ac cable , which be generally how i use it , provide 50 lumen of brightness . overall i be satisfied with this product .
777	Projector	POS	5	dont be fool by the low price of this projector . i have a movie room i just build and get everything but a projector i research many and for the quality i want i be look at 2000 dollar . i find this and be amaze when hook it up to my xbox 360 in hd and my comcast hd cable box . watch the red sox game be a blast at 150 inch . even at that big the quality be better than a 6000 dollar plasma . if you be build a entertainment room it be perfect .
967	Projector	POS	5	review on epson ex 7210 first impression the box have a small footprint . it be smaller than i have expect . the cardboard box open up to a nicely protected unit . it be light weight . and it have a slide to open lens cover . there be no bulky ac power adapter ; only the power cable . there be no hdmus cabl include . most people do not use vga now -lrb- at least for i -rrb- . there'a usb cable include but i think both the vga cable and the usb cable be too short . source auto detection i immediately connect my tablet which have a hdmus port to the projector . it immediately find the input source and display properly without tweaking . there be no need to adjust any resolution setting because it just display the best resolution possible for any source you throw at it . powerful remote control the remote be not complicate and it be powerful . i walk 30 foot away and it stil detect the remote command . this be a great feature if you plan to mout this on ceiling . -lrb- unfortunately , this one do not come with any ceiling mount kit -lrb- most of they do not anyway -rrb- -rrb- usb video display i have yet to try the usb to display feature but since i be pretty happy with the hdmi , i do not think i will ever use the usb display option . i will not go into small detail about most basic feature we come to expect from 90 % of all of the projector on the markt . let i just highlight som of the `` surprise '' feature : 1 . close caption available-this means you can hook up a hd antenna and have this thing as a tv . i love this feature . 2 . the speaker sound be `` about the same '' compare to other projector i have try . i be hope for a better and louder sound but it be kind of disappointing . i guess most people expect high video quality from epson but not sound quality . if epson have work with bose , maybe together they can come up with a nice well round projector with great video and great sound so i do not have to bring a speaker box to do presentation . it be not like the current technology will not allow this to happen . 3 . the horizontal skew adjustment be just beautiful . i try adjust the projector so it be not directly face the screen . as i sit slant to the right side of the room and the projector just in front of i , the audience be look at a straight , nice rectangular screen without distortion . this skew adjustment , which be just above the lense housing unit , can be easily adjust to almost any angle . it be a great optical engineering result . i love it . this be a state of the art projector . rich vibrant color the light , color be full , vibrant , nicely balanced and saturated . the blue be mesmorize and the red be astonishing . i hook up the computer and visit many site and view many different picture , movie , slide show , youtube , hd movie , even hook up blu-ray to play avatar . it be gorgeous and breath taking . -lrb- mind you i be project this onto a 10 foot pull up projector screen big enough to show a nice movie for 150 people . -rrb- conclusion this be no ordinary powerpoint presentation projector for regular static picture . this be you ultra thin 60 '' lead tv replacement . -lrb- be the projection screen thinner than the led tv ? i think so . . -rrb- use this and a nice set of thd speaker to watch transformer iii , it will be just like the theater experience if not better . -lrb- bring you pop corn machine too -rrb- the fan be very quiet , compare to other unit i have use . the 2800 luman be pure bright sunshine . it be bright . -lrb- period -rrb- . the screen adjustment be all there so it satisfy any placement position . the color be vivid , vibrant , rich and simply beautiful . so , it be time to dish out you american express platinum card and make sure you have a nice screen to show what a nice projector you be buy . simply point this to a white wall with nail hole do not do justice to this machine . 4.5 star -lrb- point deduction on sound quality -rrb- highly reommended .
575	Projector	POS	5	excellent piece of kit . great picture and when link to a sound sytem plus a huge 7 ' x 5 ' screen then this be better than the movie . rainbow ... ... not yet , only problem seem to be find a replacement bulb when present one go pop .
46	Projector	POS	5	i buy this for my husband for christmas . nice general alarm clock with a few extra . the large display on the ceiling be awesome ! no need to crank neck around pillow in the middle of the night . the nature sound be ok . the time be pre-set , so all that be involve be plug it in . it have a flashlight as well , but we have not use it yet . overall it be a nice alarm clock .
966	Projector	POS	4	well , i finally receive a new bulb replacement . as i mention in another review of a similar product from another company , this be my second replacement bulb in a year . i decide to try another company this time and so far so good . no problem install it . take less than 5 minute , if that . the picture be great , however , i have this yellowing stain imprint , which i believe be from the other bulb . i be research this and will update in the future when i get a answer . nevertheless , the bulb be work well and be please with it so far . hopefully , this will last much longer than the previous one , which be less than a year old . i plan on update the status of this review in the future , in hope that this will benefit those look for some good insight on this bulb . let 's hope it all good from this point on .
269	Projector	POS	5	after borrow a friend sony vplcx6 projector with 2000 lumen and watch american idol and `` i robot '' on my great room wall i be hooked . a exhaustive 2 month online , in-store and pawn shop search ensue . i have 3 criterion to meet , under $ 1000 , atleast 1200 lumen and minimum 800x600 native resolution . after search every electronic outlet in the greater peoria area my father in law point i to sams club . the only projector they carry be the epson powerlite s1 + and @ $ 699 with 1400 lumen this be the culmination of my search . i be project a image 8 ' x 6 ' onto a 1.3 gain theater screen . with the s-video connection the picture be fantastic . most broadcast cable be quite clear , satellite channel be better and dvd be awesome . screendoor effect be present as the image be quite large but easy to ignore and lose it as the image be very crisp . only if i be rich beyond rich would i go with a higher end projector !
711	Projector	POS	4	this projector be a great value . good surprise : easy to set up , phenomenally bright , resolution be just fine . bad surprise : noticeable fan noise , poor black level . some extra thing that work well for i : use this background paper as a very inexpensive and high quality screen :  savage seamless background paper , 107 '' wide x 12 yard , super white , # 1  but it be way too bright for night-time , no matter the bulb or contrast setting , so i use these gel :  lowel neutral density nd-3 gel filter set for the pro and i-light system , five 5 '' x 6 '' sheet .  the gel frame swing out of the way for daytime viewing . the gel also improve night-time black level , but it be still obviously gray . it be a lcd , after all .
775	Projector	POS	5	my qualifying statement ; i have be a home theater enthusiast since 2005 . be on a budget i do a thorough back ground check & research with a established budget of $ 1500 for my first home theater i begin in 2005 with a infocus 805 -lrb- resolution 800x600 -rrb- for $ 800 and use my stereo for audio amp for cable and xbox input -lrb- 80 '' screen -rrb- nice . but in 2007 i decide to upgrade to hd -lrb- affordable be the mitsubishi hd1500 -lrb- 720p resolution -rrb- -rrb- -lrb- $ 800 -rrb- and add hd sony 5.1 surround sound & blu-ray -lrb- ps3 -rrb- -lrb- 100 '' screen -rrb- very good but now its finally to again upgrade in 2010 to full hd 1080p economically !! so for under $ 1000 my final pick be the optoma hd180 !!! this be the best in its class and be totally unbelievable to watch use hd cable , ps3 blu-ray movie -lrb- see avatar and white christmas pure eye candy -rrb- with this projector . so fantastic you see the true beauty and clarity of color and detail . read newspaper and find detail of scene so captivating and wonderfully delicious . you be part of the movie experience !!! note : only the imax experience equal this visual wonderment now in your own home . i must say with blu-ray , hd cable , gaming and sport wow !! the optoma hd 180 be the one !!!!!!!!! attention : remember this be hd home theater environment the bigger the picture -lrb- up to 300 '' -rrb- require a darker room . -lrb- my hd paint wall screen be 10 foot -rrb- . after all this be a home theater . now you theater experience be better than the commercial experience , believe i . pro : easy hook-up , 2 hdmus input -lrb- note ; there be no audio input\/output connector socket this be a projector only !!!!! -rrb- , 1 vga for computer , 1 component for cable , component video . 4000 hour of lamp life in standard mode & 3000 in bright . -lrb- note : keep you projector clear of obstuction for good air flow . -lrb- my experience you can get over 5000 hour of lamp life keep you unit in a clean and clear location . the longer the lamp life +4000 hour you can expect the lamp brightness to diminish . -rrb- quiet unit and provide all video input !!! use wall\/wall mount retractable screen require no space loss for a multi purpose room . pure eye candy say it all !!!!!!!! con : not 3d ready . personally wear glass , buy a 3d blu-ray player and 3d hd tv be not worth what be already available now !!!!!!! maybe in 3 year when it have be simplify i 'll re-visit this over-hyped gimmick . the picture be so clear , bright and the color be fantastic !!! a must have projector !! this be the one !! optoma have do they homework and you will not be dissapoint . this complete my hd home theater blu-ray \/ cable \/ video game need !! enjoy .
518	Projector	POS	5	i be use optoma hd66 for last one month and very happy about the performance and quality . i purchase this one after very long search of best price and performance . now i thing i make the correct choose . highly recommend
140	Projector	POS	5	it be a great product , not full hd but hd ready . not silent but you will not hear it when the film start . the onboard speaker be only usable for some kind of presentation -lrb- maybe -rrb- or in order to test the sound of films\/games if you do not have any speaker at all . if you do not want to waste you money and if you do not have many full hd\/blue ray movie -lrb- but rather 720p dvd or lower quality film -rrb- , this one be for you . you can also watch blue-ray or 1080p film . disable the auto focus , it be noisy and useless . eco mode be really sufficient , so you save energy and guarantee a long lamp life . finally , it get hot in the summer after 30 minute so be careful . personnally i recommend epson , just save money -lrb- it be only 600 $ -rrb- in order to buy a better one in three year and enjoy the movie at home right now !
928	Projector	POS	5	we have use this projector for about 4000 hour - it be fabulous panasonic have always be helpful to we - people be very impressed with the picture it be incredible - plasma -lrb- heavy , burn out and more - now that iss a joke - i have a 80 inch picture we watch vudu , hd direct tv and it be great .
859	Projector	POS	5	make a skirt out of black material and this screen be a great addition to you home theater . great inside , outside , and you can take it with you ! be warn , this thing be huge , you will need a van or large suv to transport it . great screen if you need one for multiple purpose : poolside , outside , dj , home theater .
547	Projector	POS	4	i buy this a few day before i leave to afghanistan where i know i would be live in a small room -lrb- thankfully by myself -rrb- . i read review of most of the pico out there and the pk301 seem like the best . bottom line : it be good for watch movie and presentation , but i would not use it as a secondary giant display for my computer . pro : \* it be small and light \* it be quiet \* it be pretty bright for its size \* i mount it to a dresser at the back of my room and project it to the other side -lrb- ~ 15 foot away -rrb- . it create a nice 8 ' diagonal screen which be great for movie . con : \* do not come with a remote -- this end up be useful since it be so small and easy to bounce around \* hard to mount and position for view . fortunately i have a spidery tripod for a camera that it screw to which make position of the projection easy . no more fumble with little pamphlet to pitch it up a half a degree . \* not that sharp for text . i try move the focus ring to get sharper text inside the display -lrb- when just use it attach to my mac mini -rrb- but the text be readable at best . i would not read a ebook while use it . \* you definitely want the light off or at least a fairly dark room . 50 lumen be the best out there for its size , but not good enough near a sunny window . i probably need to read the manual to learn more how to configure it , but it seem fine at 720p hook to my mac mini via the include hdmus cable . most movie look fine , some be choppy , which i suppose be not the projector 's fault . overall i be very pleased with this little guy and be shock at its size like everyone else . i think you give this technology another year or two and you 'll have some even better hd projector .
10	Projector	POS	5	i receive this clock about a week before the change to standard time here in ca , and the clock re-program itself without a hitch . we have two different alarm set , and find that setting and change the alarm be quick and painless . the construction of the clock be very sturdy , and everything on the clock work . in this day and age , that be amazing ! the nature sound be very nice ; we be currently use the windchime for both alarm . i highly recommend this clock - thank you to the previous reviewer , as i look at review to help in my decision-making .
366	Projector	POS	4	projector be awesome !!! picture appear great but it need to be in a dark area to work well . overall it be great .
2	Projector	POS	4	update : i have use it quite a bit now , hook up the cable , computer , seagate and now my roku . hand down , roku rock on this thing for netflix and hulu use the hdmus input . still have not try the wii . the seagate be awful and the computer and cable be ok . for some reason , the roku seem to produce the most consistently good picture and i be play directly off a white wall with a near 6-foot tall picture . the light can even be on the lowest dim and you get a fine picture . you do not need a completely dark room for a perfectly enjoyable picture . the screen i buy will be use for outside since i have find play the larger picture on the wall be great . the built-in speaker be fine for tv but i buy a inexpensive speaker set at best buy that work better for movie . my little basement room be now like my own personal theater ! original review : first , i be amaze at how quickly this arrive . i be a prime member so i get good shipping time , but this be just astounding . i order it and it arrive the very next day ! i hook it up to my macbook , which take a little more cabling than the various cable include but i have what i need . i play a movie and then hulu and it work great . i do not have to have all the light off , and i be project onto a proper screen . i be not use the hdmi port but the quality of the picture be extremely good -- just like watch a large standard def tv . i also use headphone so i do not know how the speaker sound yet . overall , this meet my all my expectation and i would recommend it . one note : if you notice the usb port , it be not really a port ; it be placeholder for a port . i be sure a higher end of the same model must have the actual port .
978	Projector	POS	4	i actually pick this up refurb ` ed from woot.com , and i have to say i be very impressed with it so far . i buy it because i do not have a tv , and it have all the input a tv have and more : vga through a include cable , hdmus through a hdmi-to-mini-hdmus cable -lrb- available on amazon for very cheap -rrb- , regular component cable -lrb- come in the package -rrb- , from a micro-sd card -lrb- sell separately -rrb- and also supposedly through usb . pro : - very small and light - come with a padded carry case - perfect for replace a tv -lrb- if you can make the room dark -rrb- - excellent resolution -lrb- 1200x800 max -rrb- - pixel be diamond-oriented -lrb- make movie clearer \/ less pixelated -rrb- - with the battery and micro-sd card , it do not actually need any cable at all - internal memory be big enough for a picture slideshow or a short home video - can flip the image -lrb- so you can run it upside down , or behind the screen , etc -rrb- con : - manual focus , and text will never ever be completely sharp no matter what - when the bottom be in focus , the top be slightly out of focus -lrb- not noticeable in video - only become a issue when read text -rrb- - hole for the tripod be right at the front . this mean that if you buy a small tripod -lrb- like the one recommend on this page -rrb- it will tip over backwards , no matter what you do - not sure how to get usb working . i buy a female-to-female adapter so that i could connect a flash drive to the usb cable they provide , but it do not detect it . i think perhaps you need to buy they proprietary cable -lrb- boo -rrb- overall , i love it . i do not think i would have pay $ 400 for it , but for $ 250 i could not be happier .
102	Projector	POS	5	i be in love with this product . it be well design , and brighter than i be expect . mind you , it be not go to compete on brightness with a more expensive , much larger unit . however , it be definitely visible in standard room lighting . the light weight and compact frame make up for that difference , for my purpose .
510	Projector	POS	5	just get my electric favi screen 120 '' -lrb- hd-120 -rrb- , all i can say be perfect , im satisfied with the quality of the screen , the place on where i order it -lrb- ace photo digital , 3rd seller party at amazon -rrb- they didnt use ups\/fedex to deliver the item but use this company call `` home direct '' and all i can say be awesome customer service , they be call i everytime to update the status of the item , the box be perfect and the delivery guy really handle the item with care . overall im satisfy . note : if you install this thing on a drywall ceiling like i do , i recommend use this anchor  red head ezppl100 e-z self-drilling plastic drywall anchor -lrb- 100 per box -rrb-  this be screen be great with epson 8350 on a 12 foot throw .
141	Projector	POS	4	i be not expect much from this projector for the price . it turn out to be better than i think . although this be by no mean a toy , it still be limit in what it can be use for . it can be fun for kid to watch cartoon or movie since kid do not generally care about image quality . that be not to say that the quality be bad . it be pretty good actually . it can be compare to a crt tv . the lamp be on the dark side . it will not be enough if you want to project a image larger than 60 '' . pro : projector can actually be use as a portable tv . it be very light and small in size , plus it use a ac adapter . it will last long due to the led light . for the price , you will not find a better projector . con : the only thing that be bad about the projector be the focus ring . the ` sweet ' spot be difficult to reach if you project a large image . and you do have to refocus every now and then because it can unfocus with time .
527	Projector	POS	5	i use this little guy for a movie theater in my room . it be very clear and work really well when the room be dark . light definitely affect the performance of the projector but the darker it get the better the picture . you can sacrific image quality for size and make the picture really large . also it have a million way to connect to the unit so you should have no issue with connection . well worth the money if you want something to carry around and use on the spot . battery could last a little longer ...
817	Projector	POS	5	after spend week research different projector i finally decide to go with this one , and i could not be happier ! i pair it with a 120 '' screen i also buy on amazon . i have the projector mount on my ceiling . the whole project be a little bit frustrating , i be try to get the screen hang and the projector mount in just the right way . but after i get it up there i realize i way over complicate the whole thing . the keystone adjuster fix the mount angle with just a quick flick of a button . but even with all my little trouble it only take i about 2 hour to get everything set up just perfect , hidden wire and all . so no bad at all . the quality of this projector far exceed my expectation ! this be my first projector , and i be use it in my living room as a main view screen . so i run everything on it , my tv , computer screen , gaming , dvd , blue ray ... my living room be pretty dark so ambient light be not much of a problem during the day , and at night the picture be still very watchable even with all the light on . my friend love come over and enjoy my new `` movie theater '' . its be a blast for play game like call of duty and halo on as well ! the picture be just amazing ! i definitely recommend this projector for anyone who want a amazing picture and do not want to spend thousand of dollar do it .
206	Projector	POS	5	i read a lot about how the packaging on the product do not provide adequate protection for the projector screen during shipping . the company must have read those because the packaging might have be able to stop a bullet . the item arrive in perfect condition even with some dent on the box from shipping . the screen itself have no wrinkle or crease . go up and down very easily and i pair it with a optoma hd20 at a throw distance of just over 15 ' and it look awesome . i could not be more excite with my home theater . i highly recommend this screen . it really stack up compare to much more expensive fix frame screen .
725	Projector	POS	5	this be a great little projector . i use it at home and at my office . the trade-off be size and pixel vs brightness and noise . it be very small and have a descent resolution . to pay for this , you have to sacrifice a bit of brightness and a little fan noise . there be no battery so it always need to be plug in . if you need fall within that realm -- go for it . i really like that i can just leave it on much like i leave on my monitor to display image because of the 30000 hour bulb . one glitch be that the focus change after warm up but then it be good .
36	Projector	POS	5	with purchase be very good . arrange all . color sate . it be focus well . the small . the convenient . as the screen i use a white wall , the picture do not spoil . about what still to write i do not know , but it be require twenty word .
461	Projector	POS	5	i have have my powerlite s1 + for a little over a year now , and i have virtually no complaint . through some creative shopping , -lrb- ie . pricematching and mail in rebate -rrb- i only pay about $ 350 for this projector . i have it permanently mount in the ceiling of my basement and have a screen that be about 113 '' diagonal . it have over 1000 hour of use now , and everybody that have be over to watch a movie on it have be totally blow away and they all want one . as far as the $ 100 component video cable from epson , i be worry about this too until i find a local company that make custom datum cable . i pay $ 13 for a 15 foot cable that work beautifully . initially i think maybe when my bulb wear out i would upgrade to a higher end projector , but now that i have have so much enjoyment out of this over the last year , i be plan on stick with it and just buy a new bulb or two .
997	Projector	POS	5	after read the review and compare price i decide to go for the projector . i know it have limitation -lrb- mention on previous review -rrb- but i be glad i purchase it . i be use it to watch movie with my wife in we backyard and image quality be real good . the image project be large -lrb- more than 100 inch -rrb- . although you can still see the image with some light on nearby it will be a lot better if it be completely dark . i be plan on post a video on utube so people can see the picture quality . great buy .
938	Projector	POS	5	i live in a condo and have no room for a 100 '' permanent screen . i have a nice tv and surround sound setup , but for special movie or event i want a big picture . so i buy this screen with the intention of put it in front of my tv when need . this way i can still sit on my couch and still have my speaker orient correctly , etc. . some of the review scare the heck out i . -lrb- damaged arrival , etc -rrb- . mine be package very well . first i have to remove tie wrap that hold cardboard corner edge on all 4 side ; much like a molding that run down the entire length of the box . then , i open the box to find another box inside that one ! open the inner box reveal foam wrap material and foam corner . the screen be inside this . it be in perfect condition ! the only criticism i can see be that it be not 100 % flat . but roll up\/down screen never be . i watch a movie , play some ps3 , and the lack of perfect flatness be not noticeable to i . in all , i love the purchase ! i consider give it 4 star since it be not `` perfectly flat '' , but then give it 5 because its not fair to expect that and more importantly it be not noticeable .
733	Projector	POS	5	i purchase the pro8200 to replace a aging infocus x1 that still work great but be little use after my purchase of a 52 '' hd lcd tv 5 year ago . the x1 be not hd . see price drop to below $ 1k on 1080p projector i do a little research and decide it be time to jump to hd for my ` man cave ' theater which get little use since the 52 '' lcd set become the primary viewing experience in the living room . if you do you own research you will find the pro8200 offer 2000 lumen and about the longest lamp life you 'll find -lrb- 4000 hr standard\/6000 hr eco -rrb- -- yes , 6000 hour . and , it be plenty bright on eco mode . this thing be a light cannon . the image be full 1080p hd and be really eye poppingly great . when you first turn it on you might get a bit concerned when you can not quite get the viewsonic logo to focus really crisp . do not fret ... the logo be not hd . when you play a hd source the true excellence of the full 1080p image will be see it all its glory . i see no rbe -lrb- heck , i do not see any rbe even with the x1 so i must be immune anyway -rrb- . i also do not see any horizontal panning or judder issue that other mention . maybe those with issue have older firmwared unit ? the build date on my pro8200 be may 2012 . another factor in my purchase decision and a feature i really like be the range of zoom available on the pro8200 . this allow more flexibility in distance to screen placement . if you get one , do not forget to go into the menu 's to turn off ` quick on ' and ` quick off ' as that will enable the unit to cool off the bulb when power down with about 30-60 seconds of extra fan time on the bulb after it go dark . you may also want to enable eco mode to get the insane 6000 hour bulb life . if you be on the fence get off and get one of these ; you will not be disappoint .
972	Projector	POS	4	i have be enjoy the projector and it be easy to use . i have it hook up to my dishnetwork and dvd player and now i have a whole wall for a monitor , also use it with my computer . i have no problem use it and it have be great . now i be just wonder what the life of the machine , i hope along time but it be worth the money .
779	Projector	POS	5	screen be a simple install . move up and down with ease . this screen be perfect for a large room . not all that heavy , but you will need a strong ceiling . picture be clear and the screen size -lrb- white area -rrb- be great for at home movie .
630	Projector	POS	5	the projector be awesome for power point and work presentation . we be a small school and do not need to spend in excess for a major piece of equipment .
272	Projector	POS	4	i be in the market for a cheap projector to use for movie until i have the money for something worth spend a lot of money on . i start off buy the discovery wonderwall projector for $ 70 and then promptly return it as the image quality be very poor -lrb- i could not read subtitle -rrb- and it be not bright enough to project a dark scene -lrb- e.g. the cave see in lord of the ring -rrb- even in a totally dark room . i then get the pt100 and feel that it work very well for be under $ 200 . it be a clear enough image that the subtitle in a movie be easy to read . however , when hook up to a pc the word on the desktop icon be not clear enough to easily read . it be bright enough that about 90 % of the detail can be see during dark scene -lrb- e.g. the cave see in lord of the ring -rrb- . it do need to be use in a dark room to have any quality . i would say the image quality be similar to vcr\/analog tv with the benefit of a small , lightweight package that be versatile and can project a large screen size .
453	Projector	POS	5	this little projector be amazing for its price and it dose true 720p . i use it for watch movie -lrb- blu ray look great on it -rrb- , watch sport and pc gaming -lrb- mosty -rrb- . i know poeple will say it not the best compare it to larger and more expensive 720p projector but you can not go wrong with this baby .
199	Projector	POS	5	let 's get the obvious stuff out of the way : this be not a 1080p , ultra high end projector and after purchase it and set it up , i realize that it do not need to be . i have a studio apartment with these light beige\/eggshell color wall -lrb- not the prettiest color , i can assure you -rrb- . i have want a projector in my room\/living area since i be a teenager . i always think it would be cool to have my own large screen media display that be all mine . well , fast-forward about 20 year and i decide that i have wait long enough so i buy the epson for a pretty decent price -lrb- positive # 1 ... i be a student so i live on a budget ! lol ! -rrb- i do not watch network television hardly so a tuner be not necessary . instead , i use it for media view and gaming . my setup consist of : -lrb- 1 -rrb- epson ex5200 digital projector -lrb- 2 -rrb- xbox 360 elite console w \/ kinect -lrb- use the hdmi port and the audio adapter for left and right analog output -rrb- -lrb- 3 -rrb- hdmus 1.3 cable , double shield with gold terminal end from specialty electronics shop in town - 25ft length -lrb- 4 -rrb- monster audio shield , gold terminal rca patch cable - again , 25ft length -lrb- 5 -rrb- logitech z-623 2.1 speaker system -lrb- pair 4 '' separate with tweeter and single 8 '' sub - 200w\/400w max -rrb- -lrb- 6 -rrb- - occasionally - personal build htpc with lite-on blu-ray drive , 3.2 ghz dual core cpu , 4 gb ram , windows 7 ult . use the hdmi cable i have run video signal to the projector , the image on my wall -lrb- no sheet-no screen -rrb- be phenomenally sharp and the color be well balanced consider this projector 's price point -lrb- which it will do 720p and a pretty good 1080p compress with only minor screen-dooring when closer than 6 foot -rrb- . it take i a moment to get it just sharp enough with the manual zoom and focus ring . i test it at various position with image size up to 120 inch , but settle on 88 inch base on room in my studio apartment . the setting be amazingly simple to adjust and the result be great . i use several media form for adjust it to my taste and comfort : serenity -lrb- blu-ray -rrb- , tron legacy -lrb- blu-ray -rrb- , sucker punch -lrb- blu-ray -rrb- , star wars -lrb- blu-ray -rrb- , james bond 007\/quantum of solace -lrb- blu-ray -rrb- , -lrb- 5 -rrb- halo legends -lrb- dvd -rrb- , appleseed ex machina -lrb- dvd -rrb- , let the right one in -lrb- dvd -rrb- , halo reach -lrb- xbox game -rrb- , mass effect 3 -lrb- xbox game -rrb- , forza motorsport 4 -lrb- xbox game -rrb- , earth 1080p -lrb- youtube clip -rrb- , top gear uk episode -lrb- internet -rrb- i have the contrast increase in theater mode to about 16 and in a ambiently light room , i still have quality discernment of light and dark . in a dark room , it be theater quality and my friend enjoy it when they come over . i be beyond pleased with this projector and even more so with the setup that have it work as well as it do . i encourage anyone to purchase the ex5200 if you want good quality video on a budget .
44	Projector	POS	4	spent just a little over $ 70 on this . spent most of my time worry if it would look fine playing , if it would be too dark , or not enough sound . item be receiven in great condition . be easy to hook up to my ps3 to stream movie right onto my wall . picture be not amazing , but it look pretty well and the sound be loud enough too . i 'll probably save up to buy a newer brand that can be brighter , but as for now this be totally fine and worth the buy . even if the bulb burn out , i be give a manual on how to replace it , so i be good : -rrb-
266	Projector	POS	4	i really like this product , however it be necessary to turn off all of the light in order to see it . also , i highly do not recommend it for a home theater projector because the contrast be low , and it be very hard to see dark image in movie -lrb- not a movie projector . it be fine however for video game . also , if you plan to use it for you computer , do not buy it because the resolution be horrible -lrb- like its a tiny laptop screen size -rrb- and its hard to read text .
372	Projector	POS	5	i have be save my money for a long time to buy a widescreen hd projector . i start with a sharp office projector and upgrade to my previous setup which be a xga epson powerlite 130c because my other one just didnt have enough lumen . my old epson powerlite be almost as bright as this one , but it be great because it be 2200 lumen and i could watch it in the daytime . well i buy this one for the same reason pro : it do exactly what its suppose to , which be to deliver my high def gaming and stream hulu and blu ray from my girlfriends laptop . i pair mine up with a 11 ' 16:9 matte da-lite projector screen and it look gorgeous all day all night . i really like how much you can zoom you picture size so i can watch all aspect ratio without move it from its ceiling mount that i buy from amazon for 30 buck . i do not know what the guy on the bottom of the screen be talk about because i love how detailed and lush everything look even with all my light on and window open in the middle of the day . i would recommend this projector to anyone especially for people who be tire of watch they projector in a cave . these day i need the best of both world for high contrast cinema and high brightness gaming and this unit deliver . con : i notice a slight `` screen door '' affect but every pixel be fill with color and light so i cant complain compare to the other projector i send back .
810	Projector	POS	4	i do not give a 5 star because for my home media center it work with 1080p resolution , but with my ps3 it only work with 720p resolution . i have try to watch a 3d movie demo and i could not , i do not know why . but the image be good .
755	Projector	POS	5	i will never buy another tv again ... i be a regular guy ... so set up be tricky . 3d viewing be impossible and frustrating at first ... but i get my friend over to help i and now im watch 3d movie on my 125 '' screen ... woot woot !! it do not come w 3d glass so we have to order 3 pair but this picture be amazing . i think i would have to buy a proj screen but it be on my white textured wall and it look awesum ... tv r for sucker !!! projecters baby : -rrb- i tell everyone about it ... i wish i woulda get 1 sooner .
281	Projector	POS	5	i have use many projector in my career but never use a infocus projector . when i buy it i like the price and decide to give it a try . the projector be send to i in a very timely fashion . it be use but in great shape and very easy to use . all in all this have be a good experience
557	Projector	POS	4	first off , this be only a good , but not great , projector . with the way projector price have be fall , there be other option for less that deliver comparable performance . the sanyo z5 , for example , cost several hundred dollar less and actually produce a sharper picture as well as include twice as many digital input as the panasonic . i buy this model last september and have already have to send it in twice to get fix . in fact , it be on its way to the repair center as i be typing this review . this be not a isolate incident either , many pt-ax100 owner have be experience problem just like mine and it be clear that panasonic do not spend enough time\/money on quality control . go read through any hdtv or projector forum for a laundry list of issue regard this projector . the decision be up to you , but i would advise people to look elsewhere if they want to avoid a potential headache .
612	Projector	POS	5	i set this up last night . i make no change to the color . my wife , son and he friend each be blow away by the better picture than we have with we sony . brightness be a key issue for we as we screen be 215 inch diagonal .
772	Projector	POS	5	omg !!!! that be all i can say ! this be the best projector i have ever use ! i be a teacher and where i teach , they use the epilson . it be a great projector but very pricely . i have read all of the other review because i be skepitical about buy a product without ue a demonstration . this projector be not only affordable but be great ! i laugh at the comment that say if you do not like high quality brightness -lrb- or something like that -rrb- this be not for you . well he be right ! this projector be so bright and colorful that you can watch it with the light on . it just need minor adjustment . i be soooooo glad i do not purchase a flat screen television or a big screen television . it be such a waste of money . i still have mine from 10 year ago that still work great . i do not use it now . i connect the vivitek to my cable wire and watch cable tv , it be connect to my dvd player for movie , and i highly recommend it for the new xbox kinect usage !!! awesome !!!!!!!!! the only problem be ... it get hot and the fan can be loud for a short period of time . if you have the stereo surround system , then do not worry , the volume will override the noise . that be it !!! buy it and enjoy it !
90	Projector	POS	5	i be just in love with this thing ! when i be sitting\/laying on the couch and watch a movie theater quality projection on my livingroom wall ... . i be still grin . if i have the buck i would go for the next model up but for the price it be incredible . the sound be like be in the theater but it could be a tad louder . i have hook it up the computer to watch youtube and a usb flash drive to view slideshow and have have no problem .
962	Projector	POS	5	buy this for my husband for father 's day . he love it !! the picture and sound be amazing . we use it with a outdoor 120 inch screen , but we have also use it with a bed sheet . the picture be great either way . my husband have hook we cable box to it and watch television on the 10 foot screen !! we use it alot and have no complaint at all !
623	Projector	POS	5	it be a bulb . it do what it be suppose to in a projector and that be make a awesome picture . the real test be to see if it last for the advertised 3000 hr on the economy setting . that should take make i over a year to find out . but so far so good .
569	Projector	POS	4	buy this to use in a classroom . initially it be not bright enough to use without the classroom light turn off . however , aftter adjust the `` brightness '' level we be able to leave the light on . by the way , adjustment in the menu selection can be do on the projector , but i find it a lot easier to use the remote . install the usb software that come on the cd and hook up the usb cable from the laptop to the projector . bring up a powerpoint presentation and quickly confirm my hope that the include remote for the projector be able to run the powerpoint presentation . if this be the only thing you will be use the projector for , then there be no need to buy another `` wireless mouse . '' however , it will not work with powerdvd . if show video , then do not use the usb cable . the video show fine on the laptop screen , however it be stuttering\/jerky on the projector . plug in the vga cable and everything run smoothly . come with vga , usb and `` standard '' electrical power cable . -lrb- the same type of cable most monitor and desktop computer user . this make it easy to find a quick replacement in case you forget yours at home . -rrb- the usb cable be also a standard type a on one end and type b on the other . it be nice to know that i will not have to order special cable if one be damage or lose . keystone adjustment for vertical and horizontal . have a focus and wide\/telephoto adjustment . under the menu option you can see how many hour the projector have on the bulb . might come in handy to give you a little warning that you need to order a new one . con : turn off quickly and the fan stop . however , the device still feel hot to the touch . i can see this as a positive if you need to unplug and move it to another location quickly , but i would prefer a option to keep the fan run to continue to cool the bulb down . i do not like put the projector back in the bag when it be still hot , so i have to wait even longer than if the fan be cool it down .
209	Projector	POS	5	there be nothing i can say about this projector that hasnt be say about it before . the image be high definition , clear and crisp . a lot of picture setting make it easy to get a great image . its fan hardly make noise -lrb- actually my ps3 be noisier than this projector -rrb- and easy to hook up . the source finder be a little annoying at time but nothing to complain about . the bright setting be not need and the brightness of standard be great for daytime viewing but this projector shine at night -lrb- follow calibration setting that can be find on internet -rrb- . now for some great news ... . optoma just announce a 3d converter that fit the blu ray spec and so in a couple of month i will be watch 3d movie and play 3d game on a 110 '' screen . $ 399 for converter and $ 639 for projector make this the cheapest , largest home 3d solution to date . i love this projector and so glad that i choose this over the hd20 where i would have to be in complete darkness all the time to appreciate the image which be a turn off towards projector in the first place . if you be read this buy it , if you dont like it -lrb- i think i find 4 people out of hundred who didnt like it -rrb- then return it , amazon make it real easy !!!!!! update ... . . ive have this for a year now and still impress by the image on this projector . i buy the vip3d-gamer to play 3d ps3 game and the effect be amazing . cod black op , motorstorm apoc , mortal combat have never look so good in 3d and the depth add to gameplay . batman-arkham city will be in 3d so i cant wait !!!!! still a awesome projector and still do not regret this purchase . i be now ready for the hd33 !!!!
383	Projector	POS	5	i purchase this mount after read the review for use this mount with a epson 8350 . i take the advice of other in order to locate the balance point of the mount . also , like other , i be only able to use 3 of the 5 mount hole . however , i be able to mount the projector and it work very well . it take a little adjust to get it level and solid but i be able to do it . i do want to use all 5 mount as i want to be sure the projector be securely hold . i find the atdec website and send a message to customer service ask how i would go about purchase two additional long extension . i be very pleasantly surprise when the customer service representative reply that he would send they to i no charge if i would provide my address . now that be outstanding customer service !!!! highly recommend this mount !
895	Projector	POS	4	$ 200 projector never compite hi-end equipment . plastic case look fragile but i lo ve it te image be very good , be the kind of projector that you let you kid plug itm or take to camping . i be afraid be not lead because the light be very good for a lead projector , but if some budy can confirm i will apreciate alot of input interface hdmus , vga , rca , build in speaker for this price you can not buy something better and i recomend this for hobby or just a good movie or video game night , even some power point but nothing professional 640x480 native resolution and upscale for more than this but look very good on video and foto
581	Projector	POS	4	i buy this pyle home prjle33 portable led projector for sport season mostly . it work best at night and with enough room to make it at least 60 inch wide . but still show good picture during daylight hour . it have all the right stuff to hook it up to nearly anything you would want to project . bright color and great contrast with these build in speaker that sound excellent and make it the perfect game day everyday . i recommend this unit to anyone who think it be important to see the expression on they favorite player face . the lens be super easy to adjust to any flat situation and have a remote control to do the job from anywhere in the room . best buy of the year by far for i .
304	Projector	POS	5	i be give this as a gift and be tell it be purchase on amazon which be why i be leave a review here . at first when i get this , i do not think much of it because i use it during the daytime and could not really see much . i know i could view picture and movie off of it but do not really appreciate it until i be bore 1 night and decide to use it again . i be actually pretty impressed with the screen this little device can throw out . when the picture get really big , i do see some grid , but i suppose it have to do with this device not be design as a hd device or something like that . i end up purchase the iphone accessory cable from aaxa and that totally change this device for i . i really like the fact that i can share my netflix off my iphone when i be over at a friend 's place that do not have cable . there be never a boring night again with anyone ! : d the speaker leave a bit to be desire , but not have to carry any other extra device make up for it . iphone in 1 pocket , p1jr in the other , love it !
495	Projector	POS	5	i be look for a inexpensive projector for we church to use on movie night and 2500 luman seem enough to do the job . be a teacher i have use many projector in school as well as at conference some cost many time what i pay for this unit . when this one come in i plug it into my netbook and be amaze at the picture it have . it be not only very bright but the color be amazing . metallic color like silver and gold in the video i watch seem to shine out from the screen like sunlight hit real silver . further the sharpness and clearity of detail on hd video be better than any projector i have ever see when project 12 ' wide . the unit need no install software or anything to start it and the netbook sink up plug and play and they start on they own just by plug it in . i do later install they driver for the projector to try it at higher resolution . i run it for 6 hour straight with no issue to test it as i have read review that suggest it cut out on people and lose signal after a time . i have no idea what problem they be have it work flawlessly connect to my netbook . in short you could not find a better projector that be easier to set up and use for any price !
503	Projector	POS	4	i order this projector mount and receive it in a timely manner , but to my surprise it be package in a usp box and look to be a home manufacture product . with that say it have instruction and all the part and actually fit the projector 8350 perfectly . no reason to return the product but the box advertise be mislead
16	Projector	POS	4	this be a small but powerful hand-size projector . i use it for my english class in the ecuadorian campo . the focus be very precise but easily disturbed . i would like to have it set up so that the image can be either vertical or horizontal . the power cord be the same as on my hp laptop -lrb- except the device end -rrb- and be heavy enough to drag the projector off the table and on to the floor . lead bulb replacement ? unknown . despite my apparent negative comment , i really like this little gem and would recommend it to anyone who can accept its limitation . oh , and the price-is-right .
17	Projector	POS	4	i like the projector - it come in handy for my need . only problem there be two slot where the slide always get stick . i will have to see if that can be fix . the projector be deliver very quickly . i be very excite about that since originally it be schedule to come after my relative be here . thank you for the promptness .
178	Projector	POS	4	muito bom . compacto , design excelente . estou muito satisfeito !! esta conforme esperado no momento da compra . otimo para mobilidade tambem . tenho este equipamento junto com um wdtv live hub . otima combinacao .
677	Projector	POS	5	hus everyone , each year around this time , you old friend sam get into high tech gear and explore the latest gadget out there . this year i want to add big screen video to we bedroom to take advantage of watch more of the many , many dvd 's i have amass in the past few year . why watch lousy tv program when you can see a good feature and see it movie size ? well , i have no idea what a revolution have occur in video processing technology at a price anyone can afford right now . those of you who have see my eight foot project picture at home will appreciate what i be about to tell you ... you can have close to that great quality for dvd 's , cable tv or high definition , or other source for only $ 999.99 and all you need do be go to circuit city and buy the infocus x1 projector . infocus be one of the leading manufacturer of projector for industrial use and they set be now be tailor for home use . they product use the dlp technology -lrb- digital light producing -rrb- and the latest texas instruments chip . this baby be smaller than a typewriter -lrb- about 5 by 10 by 12 -rrb- and weigh only six pound . the bulb will last for up to four thousand hour and be relatively cheap to replace . the brightness and contrast spec be actually better than my two year old six thousand dollar sharp xv-9000 projector . it have lower resolution than some higher price machine , but still enough punch to make any dvd look great for picture size up to nine foot . it even have a small speaker and amp build in so you do not need to hook up a sound system , which be especially handy if you want to carry it out anywhere . it have a zoom lens that allow you to adjust picture size and a handy remote control that provide all the choice for any adjustment you need . right out of the box , and without make any adjustment , the picture on `` annie get you gun '' -lrb- a exceptional dvd ! -rrb- look beautiful . i hype the brightness , color , and contrast a bit and be even more pleased . truly , this projector be just unbelievable and it be a thrill to share this review of its great performance with you . you do not even need a screen to enjoy the picture , as it will work on a white wall or even a sheet . a cheap screen will be better , however . anyone with at least a five foot throw distance can enjoy this baby in a darkened room . i have mine about fifteen foot from the screen for a eight foot picture . even with light on in the room , the picture can be enjoy . this projector be introduce at $ 1,600.00 and be recently lower in price because a newer model be come out next year ... but the new model will not include the fine faroudja processor that be build into the unit . this processor be great at clean up imperfection in video . jagged edge , video noise , and more will be smooth out . as usual , i do much research into this and compare other model and read countless review to find the best bang for the buck right now . there be a few other model that average a couple hundred more and will probably give similar performance , but i do not think any other machine will come close for this price . so , if a big beautiful video experience be what you have be wait for ... go get one and enjoy ! just hook up you cable box or a inexpensive dvd player and you be in business . bottom line : people who be go out and buy those huge rear projection tv 's that be heavy and take up a lot of room pay from two to three thousand dollar and sometimes much more . you can have a picture double they size , that will have no `` burn in '' problem , take up no space , and almost certainly will have a superior picture ... for a third of the price . the projector also have a three year warranty . i think santa claus come early this year ... because it feel like xmas here today ! best to all , sam
82	Projector	POS	5	i just love this projector ! use it for movie night under the stars ! easy set up ! it be a great product for the price .
534	Projector	POS	5	this little projector be perfect for someone look to have a home theater on a budget . i admit , i be not expect too much out of this thing when i order it . after all , you get what you pay for , right ? in this case , you get a whole lot more ! the picture be great , to begin with . out of the box , i adjust the manual focus -lrb- yes , manual -rrb- and tweak the picture setting with the include remote . within five minute , i have a phenomenal 120 '' image -lrb- just on a white wall , too . i 'll edit this soon , once i get my `` real screen '' -rrb- . whether its dvd or bluray , xbox 360 , wii or ps2 -lrb- no ps3 -rrb- , the picture be well above what i ever expect . for $ 250 , this little projector be a steal ! pro : + great picture + easy to set up and adjust + a lot quieter than i expect + never heat up , no matter how long its on con : - build in speaker sound terrible -lrb- but who care ? you do not buy a projector for speaker ! -rrb- - no way to adjust setting without the remote . overall : buy this projector . you will not regret it !!
426	Projector	POS	5	ship on time and arrive as promise . come with a nice carry case , video cable , and hdmi cable . once i get it set up in my basement i could not believe how much better it be than my 5 year old projector . contrast and brightness be amazing . for home theater in a basement , i turn the brightness all the way down and it still light up the room . image quality be great consider i be use analog input . ca not wait to hook up something with a 1080p signal and see what it look like . it may cost 2 time the average projector , but it be worth the money if you want a real home theater experience .
132	Projector	POS	5	i purchase this projector to use for business presentation when we be on the road . it pack nicely and be easy to travel with . it work well for the presentation and get the job do . i be please with this purchase .
262	Projector	POS	5	for most people that have disappoint review , i advise to use this product with they laptop to vga input and adjust brightness . also , a projector screen would be suitable . rca video and s-video have always be unreliable especially when a cheap dvd player be use . i would buy another one because this be a great product . the fan sound normal compare to my infocus 24 projector .
224	Projector	POS	4	i be read a lot of review and people have be complain about the iris isuue and short bulb life . i have have the iris issue as well , i think it start around 1200 hour of use . the projector would shut down after a few min . you would have to turn it back on , then after a few min it would shut right back down again . i would have to do this about 4 time before it would stay on and i could actually use it . i call panasonic and they tell i to send it in . i would have to pay to get it fix and for shipping as well . they make it sound like they would have to keep the projector for a couple of week and i would have to pay a lot for repair because it be not under warranty . i do some research about the iris issue and i figue out i could just open the projector and oil it up with a q-tip . it do not take any longer than 10min to do myself . it be simple and i have not have a issue since . i can not say anything good about panasonic customer support , it suck . the bulb be still run at 2100 + hour even though the bulb life be rate at 2000 hour . if you wa not the bulb to last then you have to follow some simple guideline . - after you turn the projector off wait until the cooldown process be complete before you turn it back on . i would always wait at least 20min before turn it back on . - be conservative with the setting . if you put everything at max the bulb will go out much faster than it should . i have be consevative with my setting and i have be happy with picture quality , color and brightness . - if it be too hot in you house do not turn the projector on . the temp be usually around 80 in my house and i have have it on for hour at a time . but if it get up in the 90 's i would not use it . that about it . i have not be happy about panasonic customer service but i love the projector . on another note , i buy this three year ago for -lrb- ... -rrb- and it be not on sale and there be no rebate . i dont know why it be more expensive to buy now .
744	Projector	POS	4	i actually have work with epson unit with similar specification to the vs315w with regard to input and output , and find this a very comfortable personal fit . if i be to gauge the market for this i would push it toward people who be not early adopter and probably be use 3 or 4 year old computer , dvd player -lrb- heck , even vhs player -rrb- , and do not depend upon high quality sound . people with older equipment -lrb- i -rrb- will like this projector most . vga video input and display be excellent . rca cable audio\/video input be excellent video , audio not so awesome . usb audio\/video input work , but be overall inferior . hdmus input ? not a issue for i . if you need it , do not get this box . the sound quality through the projector be mediocre which should not be a surprise for any projector of this class . the video be not for cinephile , but if you do not push the projection distance or the room lighting , the video quality can be excellent . set up for optimal distance and lighting be something that be almost only resolve in the specific environment where the equipment be use . my requirement be old school - primarily be able to use vga to vga for video input , or to use rca cable for audio\/video input -lrb- primarily video -rrb- . about the only time i would use the build in sound be when i be test something , or in a emergency when i do not have time to set up as i wish . the vs315w 's speaker be serviceable , but in the same way that a lot of laptop and tablet speaker be serviceable . best use in intimate setting , you will hear the sound , you will not be impress . even though it be market for its portability and easy set up and play , this be not my first choice as a stand alone . my one test with the usb input be quite unimpressive . the driver install on laptop easily , and it hook up easily . static video display -lrb- slide -rrb- be fine , but motion can be `` iffy . '' sound be actually similar to the other hookup , but with such crummy video i be not sure that matter . i also set up this unit in these two way : 1 -rrb- hook up video with vga to vga cable to 4 year old dell inspiron laptop . screen be about 20 foot from projector in a `` medium '' light room . for sound in this scenario i just run a small sound out patch cable from the inspiron into a separate boombox and use that for my portable speaker . i have find very few projector have any decent sound . you would be surprised how use a portable sound system with nice speaker can enhance the video experience . anyway , follow by a little tweaking use the vs315w 's pretty standard menu system , and rely on the excellent automatic anti-keystoning feature -lrb- plus i love the manual keystone control button located conveniently on top of unit -rrb- i have a excellent 1280 x 800 wxga image project in a couple of minute . i run some dvd video through my pc and notice some jaggedness and some color problem - the fancier the video -lrb- e.g. , transformers -rrb- the worse the performance . animated film come across beautifully , but they do have simpler color pallet and less demand on motion . the one powerpoint presentation i use have no true video , but quite a few animation which display to perfection . 2 -rrb- hook up video and audio with rca cable from my $ 20 memorex dvd player . video and sound be almost exactly as above . again , i prefer external speaker so i detach the white\/red rca sound connection and run the dvd player 's sound through my boombox again . obviously , none of this be the portability be market -lrb- carry around a dvd player or laptop , with extra boombox and this projector -rrb- . i give this four out of five star because it do what it say it do it within the publish specification . one star be knock off because the one fairly unique feature , the usb plug and play , do not seem to be ready for prime time yet . i 'll personally be use this primarily for in-office presentation in the configuration describe above .
806	Projector	POS	5	i be replace a older projector use in a business environment . the viewsonic pro8200 offer a lot of feature that i want -- mostly the hd\/1080p level of projection , plus good sound capability . in all area -lrb- except sound volume -rrb- this projector look like it will be a wonderful replacement . setup be very easy -lrb- i be use windows7 enterprise -rrb- . on the occasion of first usage , several people comment on the quality and improve visual impact of the image . my only modest disappointment be that the speaker do not put out as much sound as i be expect . i be hope not to have to take extra speaker with i -- the sound output be sufficient , but just barely . the multitude of connective possibility be amazing !! the inclusion of a hdmus cable with the projector be great . i really think i be go to enjoy use the pro8200 very much .
459	Projector	POS	5	this product be perfect for someone that travel a lot to meeting and seminar . it be light weight , compact and provide for projection of multiple component .
497	Projector	POS	5	this be my first projector mount , and will likely be my last . i be very hesitant to install a mount to begin with , my handyman skill be somewhat lack , but i really need to get my projector up and out of the way . i use this with a epson 8350 . install the bracket onto the projector be a breeze , as be install the mount into the ceiling . the fine tuning of the positioning of the projector in the mount take a little time , but only because of my `` ocd '' . the adjustment screw hold the projector firmly in position and i have have zero issue with vibration or have to re-adjust the mount . for the price , this mount simply can not be beat imho .
111	Projector	POS	4	with it be 2000 lumen and sleek black casing this projector rock ! the color saturation be one of the best that i have see in it be price range . it also have a 4000 hour lamp -lrb- in eco mode -rrb- and be very quiet . the only disappointment be when you play xbox360 in hd 1080i resolution the image do not fill the whole screen , -lrb- it be like watch a wide screen dvd movie w \/ the black bar on top and bottom . -rrb- this be due to it be native resolution . for the price i feel that it be a very good investment and would recommend this to anyone who enjoy video game , sport and movie .
264	Projector	POS	4	do not pay attention to the review suggest that the bulb be a hassle . this be a good product , and i think i know what happen with he . the first bulb probably have a problem , and that be why toshiba replace it at no cost . but if he install the next bulb incorrectly , the lifespan be shorten exponentially , so be sure to do it right . and as for the price of the bulb , they be expensive , but he be exaggerate just a bit . i just buy one on the internet a week ago for $ 260 -lrb- tax free -rrb- and it be already here . as for i , i use my projector extensively , probably 5-7 hour a day . it last about a year and a half for i , which be more than i think it would . all in all , this be much better than a big screen t.v. , and cheaper ... good buy .
509	Projector	POS	5	this cable trasmitt we pc signal and sound to a flat screen tv about 40 foot away with no problem . there be no signal issue and we be enjoy the option to view we digital content on the tv . the cable be rugged and feel like it be well make . i would purchase this item again with no regret .
628	Projector	POS	5	i recently buy this back-up projector -- be not quite ready to go `` all digital '' but want to be certain i could still use this fantastic tool . have be use this model for many many year and it simply do not disappoint .
796	Projector	POS	5	if you want to mount you new optoma hd20 , this be a perfect ceiling mount . it be very simple . attach mount plate and adjustable clamp to bottom of projector - mount the ceiling bracket with 2 include screw -lrb- wood screw and drywall screw include -rrb- , then connect the two and tighten to proper position . i can not believe i consider buy a mount in the store for $ 70 - $ 150 . this mount for $ 19 be perfect . i could not be happier .
750	Projector	POS	5	i have have this projector for 2 year now . i be use the s-video input -lrb- with a 25 foot acoustic research cable -rrb- for dvd , playstation 2 , and digital cable television . i be always happy with the picture but whites be always fuzzy - you could see static on the screen -lrb- in my case a white wall -rrb- . it take some research to find out that svga be the same as component video . so i experiment with a long component video to vga cable -lrb- 35 ft. -rrb- . in order for this work with cable , i have to upgrade to a hdtv box because they be the only one cox cable have with component video output -lrb- and hdmus of course -rrb- . wow ... not only be the picture quality for regular cable increase - the ep719 take the 1080i hdtv signal through this cable no problem -lrb- even recognize it on screen as hdtv in the lower right corner -rrb- . hdtv be so awesome on this projector . huge crystal clear hdtv quality resolution . dvd be also much clearer too . that white fuzziness be completely eradicate . i want to experiment with the hdmus to dvd-d conversion as i imagine the picture will be even better . but in order run everything -lrb- cable , ps2 , dvd -rrb- through my stereo receiver with one cable to the projector i have to stick to one cable type - component video be it . there be absolutely no need to buy a expensive plasma or lcd when for a fraction of the cost you can get the same high-re picture quality with a screen six time the size . no problem either . get yourself a component video to vga cable -lrb- dirt cheap on ebay -rrb- . or if you have a new receiver that have hdmus input , you can use all hdmus cable and then connect one hdmus cable with a hdmi-dvi-d converter and get the max out of you projector . although , i have read that long run of hdmus lose quality over 10 ft. whereas with component video you be ok up to 50 foot with no signal loss .
245	Projector	POS	5	we have own a optoma 1080p for two year before purchase the w6000 . we project on a gray wall with a screen size larger than 120 inch , ceiling mount . we use it for watch movie and play ps3 game . the benq blow the optoma away with crisp brightness yet no rainbow or loss of black -lrb- gotta love dlp -rrb- . also virtually no aliasing . there be considerable set-up time if you be really picky about color and contrast - but at least you have the choice . the fan noise be unnoticeable especially compare to the optoma ... i be afraid it be not work correctly at first . much cooler , much quieter , better picture = worth the price . additional note : we have become a house divide ... i like the benq handling of motion , but my 28 year old son do not . we both agree that it be crisper , brighter and quieter than the optoma but we be go to begin look for a different projector that we both can love . resolve ! the motion problem be a result of a setting on the ps3 . for game the motion be normal but for movie it be strange ... not blurry , but odd . we change a setting on the ps3 from 24 frame to 60 hz -lrb- ? -rrb- and now everyone agree that this projector be perfect .
964	Projector	POS	5	i buy this projector back in 2004 ... have a home theater have always be a dream of mine , but i do not want to fork out unreasonable amount of money to do so ... the main reason i choose this projector be for its luman rating , and the fact that best buy sell it , so i be able to purchase it with my brother employee discount for under 1000 dollar , keep in mind this be back in 2004 ... at first , i be dissappointed ... i run a s-video cable straight from my av receiver -lrb- sony str-de1075 -rrb- into the projector with dissapointing result ... i try everything , even svideo signal booster , but the picture be mediocre at best ... then i buy a vga hd cable for my xbox 360 and plug it into the unit and be shock , the picture quality be clearly sharper and much more define ... this lead i to believe that use component could possibly give i a decent picture ... i buy a dvdo iscan video processor on ebay , and run the prjector off that unit ... i be pleased , the picture be not as clear as a crt , but still very good for a sd signal , especially when watch dvd content ... when i really become pleased with this projector be when i buy a samsung over the air hdtv tuner ... i run a 35 foot monster hdmus cable thru my ceiling into the projector be feed by the hd tuner , and my jaw drop ... the picture be insanely bright , super sharp , and amazingly accurate in term or color ... this projector really shine when be feed by hd content , so i would encourage anything to invent in this unit if it be purpose will be hd\/bd\/hd-dvd content , you simply can not get much better for the price ... i be currently shoot it on a flat white wall , but have a goo paint screen on the way , i be confident that will make the picture stronger as well ... the bulb blow at about 2000 hour , a little dissappointing , but sometimes my theater room get really hot during the summer day -lrb- northern californium -rrb- so i know that be not safe for the bulb ... i get a decent deal from projector people , the bulb ship overnight for 325 out the door , cant complain ... all in all , its a great projector ... sd content be good with a appropiate signal processor , but hd be where it really shine ...
955	Projector	POS	4	i have have this for over two month now . the picture be a little lighter than i would like during the day -lrb- we have big window in the house -rrb- , but in the evening it look spectacular . we just project onto a white wall and it feel like we be in a movie theater . the volume be adequate for we living room , but it could have be a little louder . i also like that you can just insert a dvd and it power on by itself . this have make watch movie much more enjoyable , and it look better than the more expensive tv of friend that i have see because the picture be larger . i would give it 5 star if this be the whole story . the other day , it start make a beeping noise . another reviewer complain about this . it beep incessantly , like one beep every three seconds , and it be loud enough that it effect the audio . right now other people be in my living room watch a movie that i want to watch that i absolutely can not watch because the beeping be on my nerve . i be try to watch it on instant view on netflix via the computer . i have do this before without a problem . one of the reason for get this projector be that we could hook the laptop up to it and project . it be work great for picture thus far . but it be beep the other day with the laptop , and it be beep today . so far , i have not notice beep with a regular dvd , but it do beep when a camera be hook up to it . this absolutely should not happen to technology this sophisticated . it sound very similar to the beeping that happen when the power be turn off and on . what a terrible idea to begin with . why create a machine that can beep at all in the first place ? it beep once it be turn on . it be not do it as some kind of warning , or because it be too hot . it have rest for over 24 hour . it be do it because there be a flaw in the machine itself . i be go to find my warranty and either get this replace , fix or return . it be really a shame because it be a cost-effective and nice machine otherwise . why give thing the capacity to beep that do not need to beep ? update : the next time i use it with the computer , it do not beep at first , but i have to stop it for something , and then it start beep again . i let it rest for about five day before watch another film via netflix , and even some youtube astronomy video -lrb- which look beautiful by the way -rrb- and i do not have any beeping problem . i hope the beeping disappear , and i will call customer service if happen again . overall , i love the thing , assume that the beeping problem can be take care of . second update : still beep over a month later . consistently . i be extremely disappointed . final update : thanks to a great two year warranty , i be able to get the problem fix . they replace the light , and it seem to be work fine . they say that this problem be a rarity .
959	Projector	POS	4	buy this think that the remote controlled powerpoint slide show . the projector arrive before the estimate delivery date -- which be when i realize it do not have that feature . if you do not need that feature -lrb- i 'll accept blame for not research it better ! -rrb- , this seem to be a pretty well make -lrb- albeit basic -rrb- projector . i call they customer service for info -- the person i talk to be very helpful and knowlegable . i be impressed . i return the unit and purchase a different one , again , on amazon .
726	Projector	POS	4	i have always want a projector and be excite to put the epson vs series vs210 3lcd to work when i receive it . problem . it do not come with all of the cord it be capable of be connect to . after search my house for day -lrb- because i be hopeful to find one and not have to purchase one -rrb- i finally find the cord i need . once the cord glitch be take care of this projector be a snap to use . after hook it up to my computer it be very easy to install and download what i need . i use the projector to view photo from a vacation and be very impressed with the clarity and the ease of use the remote as well as the projector itself . it be also very easy to get into focus , and be a product that will work well for home or office . if you be a photographer you 'll have fun show off you photo , and i can think of many work\/school\/4h project that this projector will come in handy for . if you need to take it on the go , it be lightweight and hook up quickly , it also seem well make . i really do not have anything to compare it to since i have never use one before , but i be happy with the quality of this epson projector .
250	Projector	POS	5	i be very happy with this purchase . the projector screen be truly excellent . i like the fact that it come with two remote control . i also like that the you can stop the screen at any height you want . the motor be very quiet and you can hardly hear it . the screen really make the color of my epson 8350 home cinema 1080p projector really come alive a show its 1080p capability . i make my family room a home theater and it really look amazing . i would definitely recommend this product to anyone that want a high quality electric projector screen . buy it and you will know exactly what i mean . excellent price and excellent quality . the favi hd-150 projector be under-priced .
825	Projector	POS	4	i buy this unit refurbish for $ 450 . i mount it to the ceiling and be use a samsung 6800 3d blu ray player for source via hdmus . pro : image quality be excellent as with most dlp 's have good black , color , sharpness brightness so this be good especially if you project on a huge screen in a large room not so good for smaller room . size be small for a better look theater enviroment . 3d ready 120hz you need a 3d blu ray player and a 3d converter like the optoma 3d-xl or nvidia 3d vision with active glass fan noise be not too bad the unit do have standard and bright mode which the fan be faster in bright mode and slower on standard mode . price i get it for $ 450 it be go to be hard to beat this at that price or near it . color wheel 4xspeed con : zoom be minimal there be not a big window of error when place this projector . light leakage come from the front air vent and i have a black ceiling and i notice it if i have a light color ceiling it would even be worse . remote control i do not like the way it be design but it do function like it be suppose to . if you debate to buy this or the acer h5360 . if you can get the hd66 for $ 550 or under buy it . the hd66 have a faster color wheel 4x compare to 3x speed and a better contrast ratio 4000:1 compare to 3200:1 . the acer do have the darkchip 3 as the optoma use the darkchip 2 , but the darkchip 3 can not even help pass the optoma 's contrast ratio so i think this spec be mute .
57	Projector	POS	5	i open this box with less than high expectation ... i only need it for a few small art project , and at the price i be not expect much . but i pop in my sd card and turn the light off and to my surprise there be a clear , bright , big image on my wall . ummmm ... wow ?!?!? i be go to mount this in my baby 's room when she be bear and play movie with it . i definitely reccomend this item ! my ex 's high def projector be barely any better than this . it be seriously awesome .
850	Projector	POS	5	we recently remodel we basement to include a movie room . this projector be the perfect finish touch for we new movie room . we kid love watch movie on the big screen ... and so do we ! this projector work great !
6	Projector	POS	4	wassup people ! i have be search amazon for month to buy i a projector on my bday . go thru 100 of projector , compare each of they attribute on external site , and then finally decide to go for this model . here be what i feel about this proj : 1 . no setup require . plug n play . 2 . the warm color project by this be a.w.e.s.o.m.e 3 . contrast could have be a lil higher -lrb- though in this range , this model have the best among other proj , cept 1161p which have 4000:1 -rrb- 4 . plays any format , any `` p '' -lrb- 720 , 1080 -rrb- seamlessly . 5 . good native re , n pretty good scaling fr non native re too . 6 . 3d work !! -lrb- all u need be a graphic card capable to refresh at 120hz ! -rrb- 7 . good brightness . you can see thing in white light , in daylight a lil lesser . 8 . text be sharp . i have a nearly 6 ' high image in my room and text be great . if you look for a budget proj , this will more than do for you . i put avatar -lrb- blu ray -rrb- and be blow away by the quality of the projection . the only thing that bother i be that one of the edge be lil soft . on googling this i find that one need to have the proj at right angle to the screen -lrb- n my wooden desk be not exactly straight : -rrb- -rrb- . also , play game be simply amazing ! put up nf undercover - be blow away agn put up assassin creed - simply love the graphic my lcd now sit in the corner . be hooked to this thing ; -rrb- before buy this though , do know that this be not a home theater proj with 50k :1 contrast and all . the reason i buy this even though it do not have hdmus , coz its worth only if u buy a top notch proj to have a hdmus -lrb- for xbox ps3 wateva -rrb- get\/download good hi-def movie , hook up you sound system and you be ready ! hope this review help ; -rrb-
890	Projector	POS	5	nice picture size over 8 foot so be prepare for large work area need to enjoy the full view , all , connect be secure simple set up and operation .
131	Projector	POS	5	the discovery projector be much better than i could have ever imagine for such a low budget projector this item pack a punch the picture be amazing i hook it up to surround sound although you dont have to the speaker on the unit be also very sufficient and i run a check on replacement bulb much more affordable than other projector replacement price for bulb around 3 to 5 buck wow also last around 10,000 hour which be amazing despite other negative review on this item you wont here that from i consider ive have 60 inch hd flat screen tv plus 46 inch big screen and several other tv recently short out the discovery projector save the day for i
405	Projector	POS	5	i be play my ps3 on a old sdtv and know i be miss out so i start search for a hdtv . after do some shopping i realize i could get a much larger hd image for my money if i get a projector . i be a little nervous because i have never see a hd projector image first hand , but after much research i pull the trigger and order the epson 705 hd and i could not be happier . for less than $ 700 , i have a 100 inch hd image that provide a amazing experience for gaming and movie watching . while it be only 720 , many of my friend who have much more expensive hdtv have say they wish they have get a projector instead of they tv . here be the pro : - easy set up - bright enough to enjoy on a bright day with the blind down - great picture here be some con : - it put out quite a bit of heat -lrb- but i do not notice unless i get close to it -rrb- - the black be not perfectly black bottom line : if you have a lot of money to spend , you can find a better projector . if you be look for something affordable that you can use to play game or watch movie on , you will love this .
134	Projector	POS	5	i purchase this projector because of its size , i can easily carry it with i from home , classroom , and meeting . it fit in my purse and along with a netbook make for a very versatile , easy to carry system . the image be bright clear and easy to see , and the speaker be very good . we child hook they computer up and view the screen on the living room and they bedroom wall . it be easy to move around ~ one of the girl use it with she rocket team in the backseat of the van so all team member could see and discuss the computer output , and need change for the next qualify launch . it can be use everywhere , even outside to watch show on the front porch . the price make it most affordable . i have be delighted to have it .
689	Projector	POS	5	very nice sharp colorfull clear picture , a slient and great product . my living room have ambinet light and this projector will not cut it even in bright setting . good for light controlled setup .
956	Projector	POS	5	this be the first home projector i have buy for use in my house . have a 47 '' sharp aquos lcd and want the opportunity for a `` bigger '' experience . buy a favus 100 '' diagonal electric screen and the 705hd . i run a home theater pc , wii , sony blu-ray and cable box through a denon avr-888 . these be split to either the tv or projector . the projector be great for play game , even with the light on . it be worth every penny , especially in a brightly light room -lrb- or one with a lot of window -rrb- . the kid love it and we have all kind of tournament -lrb- sport game , madden football , etc. -rrb- when they friend come over . for movies\/cable , it take some adjustment to get this thing right . it be really bright by default -lrb- great for bright room -rrb- but this do not help black level -lrb- the screen i buy also have some gain to it -rrb- . after adjust the display mode and then tweaking the color setting , the picture be very good . i will not rate it as excellent overall -lrb- my sharp still look a bit better with blu-ray -rrb- but for the price\/value factor , it can not be beat . watch movie on a 100 '' screen be outstanding . my total cost for put this together be $ 770 for electric screen and projector . with a little bit of adjustment , this projector be excellent . i be not a hd snob or anything like that . i enjoy entertainment that work at a reasonable cost . hence , i buy the 705hd and it have not disappointed i at all . plus i do not have to worry about dlp color wheel problem , etc. . for those of we in the real world on a budget , this be a great bargain . highly recommend it
240	Projector	POS	5	i buy the hc4000 as a replacement for it be older brother hc3800 -lrb- damage in a lightning strike -rrb- ... the family line have a good gene pool - super price\/performance value
390	Projector	POS	5	i love my x2 . i use it for power point presentation and also have watch a movie use the x2 . i do research before my purchase and have never have any problem .
333	Projector	POS	5	look at the s1 in respect to use it for home theater - \* it provide a brighter picture than most home theatre projectors at 1200 lumens \* the picture be very clear \* the color be accurate and vibrant \* the contrast be average . dlp pj 's like the infocus x1 have better contrast but u risk see rainbow effect with cheap dlp pj 's \* it have a short throw lens so 10 foot get approx 100 inch diagonal screen so it can suit small room down to say 9 x 9 foot \* it doesnt have a genuine zoom feature so placement in a room be limited \* it be svga resolution but with the .5 size pixel -lrb- instead of .7 on most svga pj 's -rrb- screen door\/pixelation be much reduce . i have it in my 12 ' by 11 ' bedroom at a diagonal screen size of approx 95 ' and it look supurb . \* fan sound be about average . it exhaust the air out the front so can be mount close to a wall \* it doesnt have manual individual color adjustment . the 5 preset view mode will be fine for most , couple with the ability to adjust contrast\/brightness . \* try to position the pj at right angle to the screen in order to avoid use keystone correction . the picture look slightly better if u dont use keystone correction with this pj . \* the pj itself be very inexpensive and the replacement lamp be the cheapest i have ever see . would be good if the lamp could go more than 2000 hour but since they be so cheap its not so much of a issue . \* many s1 's be sold\/have be sell so it should be easy to get replacement item such as lamp in the future . \* doesnt have a individual component video connection . u have to use the rgb port so if u have a pc u have to share this port . would have be good to have a seperate component video port .  there be several entry level pj 's which be provide performance at a level previously only find on pj 's much more expensive . at similar to the epson s1 price point you could look at infocus x1 , hitachi cps210 , sanyo z1 amongst other .  in summary epson s1 - bright , very clear picture , excellent color , short throw , cheap globe  im very happy with the s1 . the most important issue above all be the picture and this pj 's picture be crystal clear , bright and vibrant .  regard talisman
636	Projector	POS	5	other negative review might possibly be from people who buy a former model , i do not know . all , i can tell you be that this thing be completely awesome . we projector at work fail and i use this and everyone in the room flip out . we be not in total darkness , and the picture -lrb- especially text -rrb- be super crisp . in total darkness , it be obviously even better , beyond word . at home , hook up with a very hard to find hdmus to mini hdmi cable from a dvd or blueray player yield a absolutely phenomenal and huge picture . everyone i show this to have a jaw-dropping response .
23	Projector	POS	5	great screen . works excellent . own for 1 month now and no issue . smell bad when it be first open but that go away in a couple day . can not beat it for the price .
241	Projector	POS	5	we take movie watch seriously at we house , and when i purchase this projector , it be a big hit . we be watch it on a white sheet and the picture be still really good . no complaint and all be good .
526	Projector	POS	4	my review be pretty similar to the one from joel d. strasser below -lrb- 3rd march -rrb- . receive within 3 day . video output quality be far better than what i expect from this low cost projector . however , it just do not allow to change the aspect radio from 4:3 to 16:9 with hdmus and vga -lrb- try these 2 so far -rrb- . this result in the output be shrink horizontally if you have connect the projector to a wide screen -lrb- 16:9 -rrb- laptop . if you do not want it to shrink , you have to change the screen resolution -lrb- in laptop -rrb- for projector to 4:3 i.e. 1024x768 . then it show the proper output but size be smaller than before . overall , full mark for the output clarity and quality but disappointing on lack of aspect ratio flexibility . -lrb- can someone let i know what kind of input allow we to change the scale on this projector ? -rrb-
708	Projector	POS	4	it be really helpful and very simple to use , although you should use in a not much light room since it be a pico and not a professional one , but work really well . it get more than warm and try not to use it for long period -lrb- i have never do -rrb- it seem will get melt but nothing have happen so far . useful and inexpensive . buy also the tripod would be really useful too . .
338	Projector	POS	4	1 . vga output from connection to portable laptop : adequate due to focus problem , i.e. unfocused image across the breadth of the projection which come from a distance of approximately 12 ' in this case . furthermore , focus the image adequately with the focus wheel be somewhat difficult . however , if the operator fiddle long enough with the focus , one can generally see a clear image over most of the projection if the projection be nearly perpendicular to the wall with minimal skew . although 12 ' be outside the range suggest by the manufacturer , the optoma pk201 have focus problem even at shorter distance , e.g. 9 ' . the hdmus capability beg a user to connect the pk201 to a computer and project the desktop onto a wall as a replacement for a large screen tv . currently , the latter process do not work well because not all quadrant of the project image be in focus at the same time . personally , i would love to use this capability with my speech recognition system while browse the internet , but a project desktop consist of text be very difficult to read . in order to read the fuzzier text , heavy use of the web browser 's zoom capability be require which cause other problem . optoma , you blow it here and i fully expect you next generation of micro projector to precisely focus all quadrant of the project image simultaneously . i will not be as forgiving if this problem reoccur in succeed generation . no excuse . 2 . thermal : a purchaser would not want a micro projector produce greater heat . personally , excessive heat might be play a role in the focus problem . with the current design , 20 lumen be about maximum for micro projector use lead dlp -lrb- currently -rrb- and passive cooling . employ laser diode instead of led be a option for micro projector , but i be unsure which option have the greatest luminosity per unit of thermal output . 3 . luminosity : the projector be barely acceptable at 20 lumen . unless one restrict the usage of they micro projector to nighttime hour , do not buy a micro projector with a rate output less than 20 lumen . the projection from the pk201 can be see in a room with some indirect exterior light so the brightness be acceptable . 4 . battery life : marginal at best . buy another battery as a spare . you 'll need it . 5 . the power switch be too small . 6 . one can replace the include conversion software with handbrake if the user be willing to fiddle with the setting . personally , i use avidemux 2 to convert video for the pk201 , but handbrake will work as well . thanks to legondaree on the handbrake forum for these selection for use with handbrake : a. select the `` iphone & ipod touch '' preset . b. set output format to `` mp4 file '' c. set video \ video codec to `` h. 264 -lrb- x264 -rrb- '' d. set video \ quality to `` average bitrate -lrb- kbp -rrb- : 1500 '' e. set advanced \ b-frame to `` 0 '' f. disable advanced \ cabac entropy coding g. set advanced \ motion estimation method to `` uneven multi_hexagon '' h. in `` picture settings '' , select a maximum width of 720 and height of 480 and set anamorphic to `` none '' although , i initially think about return the pk201 due to the difficulty in focus and the minimal life of the battery , i have decide to keep it as one can get a readable image across most of the screen if the aforementioned precaution be follow and one can always purchase a additional battery . the pk201 be a good micro projector and worth $ 300 , but the difficulty in focus and the minimal life of the battery detract from its usefulness . remember , technology will continually advance these micro projector so one have to weigh various factor before decide to purchase . personally , i do not think either the pk201 or pk301 be mature enough yet although they be close . the next generation of these micro projector will probably see much wider adoption of these device . i suspect 30 + test lumen will probably be the minimum output and at least 90 minute of battery life before these device see wide acceptance . in conclusion , the pk201 will work nicely for display picture and video as a slightly out of focus condition will not generally be noticeable in part of the image . furthermore , if the pk201 be use primarily in a room with indirect light , e.g. all shades pull during daylight hour , or at night , the brightness of the project image be adequate . the pk201 can also be use to display text , but slightly out of focus text can be maddening after awhile . personally , i be able to use the pk201 to project my desktop while browse the internet with my speech recognition system if i heavily zoom my web browser to enlarge the text and precisely fiddle with the focus wheel . the latter can be do with some difficulty and the text be largely readable so all be not lose . i have decide to bump my overall rating from 3 to 4 . the pk201 be so close to meet the requirement for many application and it be a very good buy if the intend use be primarily for view picture or watch video .
867	Projector	POS	5	i take some time before i zero on this product . this be a excellent projector . some of the key feature which i like be - a. -rrb- dolby sound system -- fantastic sound b. -rrb- in-built dvd player -- save you money on dvd player , extra wire arrangement . c. -rrb- very silent operation -- no issue till date or any interference while watch movie . simply love this product .
101	Projector	POS	5	i be fortunate enough to be able to test this product for the vine program . the 3m pocket projector mpro150 be a product that be useful , as my job frequently require presentation without there always be projector readily available . i be happy to take a look at the mpro150 , to check out its different capability and see what it could do . in term of the quality of the image , i have to say that the projector look great project against a screen or a plain wall . the box say that it work at up to 50 foot away from the surface be project onto , and while i do not test it at that great a distance , i get a great look picture at all the different distance upon which i try it . as far as ease of operation be concern , the unit be superb . the menu have some easily recognizable pictogram , and navigation be extremely simple . i have little problem go through excel and pdf file , as well as the more vanilla powerpoint and text file . good stuff . connect to other device be pretty simple . it really be plug-and-play with the pc , and the ipod\/iphone hook-up work quite well in be able to play music directly from the phone -lrb- though not , say , picture from the phone -rrb- . the smart card work well with the unit 's file system , and i can not get over the projector be able to actually hold presentation , plus video and all the rest . very cool . overall , this device do everything that i could possibly have expect it to do . i would give it a solid five star .
523	Projector	POS	5	great product , especially for the money . come with every piece you could possibly need . the seller be exceptionally great . i receive the product before the estimate arrival .
758	Projector	POS	5	i purchase this item to use on my deployment overseas and i be very satisfied w. the product . . i be project about a 80 inch screen on a white sheet . i use it daily to play xbox or watch movie . . i highly recommend this product for the money !!! best bang for my buck besides my ipod !!!
878	Projector	POS	4	i have have a optoma 719 for about five month . picture quality be good . it be easy to use . i have not haul it around enough to know how sturdy it be . my only gripe be that the documentation be poor . this device come with a usb port on the back . it do not seem to do anything . there be no informaton on it in the accompanyng documentation or on the website . a e mail to tech support be not answer . i hope that i do not have any big problem with it . for those who might be interested it do work with s video .
660	Projector	POS	5	if you want to setup a really super home theater system for a reasonable price this be a great place to start . i have have this unit for about a week and have not once turn on my 42 '' plasma tv to watch a show . the picture quality be excellent whether you be watch the game of the week in hd or you favorite movie on dvd or hdtv . placement of you projector be make easy by the front adjustment lens control . this unit be ideal for projection from a bookcase against a rear wall . the room should have a modest amount of light control for decent viewing . the preprogramed projection mode seem to compensate for most media and room viewing condition very nicely . i have install a 80x60 electric ceiling mount flat white screen , which match well with this projector for light control and off angle viewing . i can not think of a thing they could do to make this project better except maybe to boost the lamp power another 200 to 400 lumen for larger brighter room . but the current 1000 lumen be close to ideal for home theater with a 92 '' diagonal view image . picture quality be nothing short of excellent . this projector be a replacement for a nec 156 which i have and will continue to use for powerpoint slide . the nec have never be the greatest video projector due to lack of contrast and scaling . however , the panasonic ae700u 's proprietary film imaging system consist of dynamic iris , user controllable color management , smooth screen pixel edge elimination , and progressive cinema scanning with hd-id be truely amazing , if not breathe take to watch . a note of caution , the only problem i have be one of cable . i try use some old video cable to connect this unit initially but have drop signal and poor image . when connect with good cable -lrb- not great one -rrb- this unit come to life . you can spend more and you can spend less but it will be hard to find a better image projector for you home theater system .
472	Projector	POS	4	amazing little projector that have be clamp onto my camera tripod , and it just cant help but give great picture quality , and i deduct a star for bad audio quality , easily remedy by take the audio out from the source rather than from the projector . otherwise at 100-120 inch near perfect screen quality , every time . yes there be a lag time of 5 minute for warm up for best pq , and you need to manually focus to get best result every time , but i like tinker around with it anyways . the remote be spot on , and the hdmi port excellent , though i need to get a extra long hdmus to mini hdmus cable , which can be a pain in the ass . but other than that , , , , projector for projector , whether its ps3 , blu ray , or whatever you can throw at it , this little baby will crunch it up and spit out a image worthy of more expensive projector , , , the size and form of this lead proj . be unbelievable , and texas instruments have do a remarkable job in miniaturize , and to buy this projector be to tap into the latest and best of led dlp hd projector tech . enjoy !
759	Projector	POS	5	! \* ! \* ! \* ! first off i have use other projector in the past and be well on my way to buy either dlp or plasma 52 '' tv with hdtv tuner build in ... in buisness most projector be a hassle and the quality be only good if all the light be off and even then they seem far behind the tv compatition . then in the midst of purchase a tv a guru salesman come over to i and say `` doc , if you really want something awesome try the optoma ep739 , or its cheaper brother the optoma 719 . ! \* ! \* ! \* ! . . i find a dealer with the optoma 719 and be very impressed with its ability to be bright even with two target touch lamp on in the room . the kid be impress with the xbox 360 work with the system on display in 480 as well as 720 , i didnt see it in 1080us but hear it be a stunner . we opt to go ahead and purchase the higher end brother the optoma ep739 through circuit city online , since most retail store bestbuy and circuit city dont cary the hi end stuff they usually just sell it through the web cause they sell ton of the cheap stuff at they store and very little use for big boy toy . ! \* ! \* ! \* ! \* ! in perpetual conclusion , after three day of anticipation we have it mount and have the av switcher hook up run 5 other device to the projector . -lrb- -rrb- ... for the xbox 360 and the hi definition dvd player we have purchase , you can connect those directly to the unit as well  and the unit will know which one be turn on immedietly , if it doesnt pick it up at first in every 10 seconds it will resync and try again , if you be impatient as i and my wife have become due to t1 internet connection , you can just use the remote and tell it which input area you want to use . and the best feature be that it will auto recognize the setting . so xbox360 auto to 720p and be unbelievable ! as for bulb life buy the longest best warranty , every 45 day ask for a new bulb if ya need it or not . they will gladly give you one and it make for good savings down the road when you be off the warranty . some other hot tip ... @ \* @ \* @ \* @ \* @ \* @ \* @ dont buy one with a bunch of fancy -lrb- ... -rrb- like a dvdplayer build in , cause if it go you screw . dont buy one under 2000 : 1 contrast , that as low as you ever want . and never below 2000 lumin . ... dont buy any with autofocus , the one we have in the office have auto focus , and sure enough it go out . manual focus be fine and very easy to use . @ \* @ \* @ \* @ \* @ buy a swiffer dust magnet pad , they be blue soft feathery fluffy thing and slip on the end of a stick most wife will know what this be , it be a dream tool to clean the outside lens , usually i dont even touch the lens , the dust particle just fly off toward the blue pad . ! \* ! \* ! \* ! \* ! as for screen yu dont have to buy one if you have 2000 lumin and a clean white wall . but if you pay 1,400 to 2,200 for a projector you might as well spend 100.00 on a descent screen . optoma once again be king in my eye and ive see alot . another good idea be the new paint you can purchase to use instead of a screen , if you be plan to go huge movie size like 20 foot or so , this be the way to do it . i would frame the paint area with crown molding and then paint the molding jet dull nonreflective black . this really help to set it apart . @ \* @ \* @ \* @ \* @ \* @ \* @ other wonderfull secret , if you projector operate on a 802 . frequency you can purchase a television tuner box that will send it a wireless connection through you house . addlogix ma-wl-dvi echoview wireless video adapter retail 300.00 be one for example , i have not see this in action so no clue yet . here be the stats on that ... send comptuer video -lrb- up to 1024 x 768 -rrb- wirelessly to video display works with vga or dvi projector , crt monitor , flat panel , or tv compatible with wireless -lrb- 802.11 b\/g -rrb- enable pc -lrb- no additional hardware require -rrb- plug-and-play installation with driver install from the product -lrb- no cd -rrb- presenter no longer need to be close to the projector -lrb- not limit by cable -rrb- access internet or local area network -lrb- lan -rrb- through on-board 10\/100 ethernet interface ... lastly , , , for now ... hd dvd player be the hot new thing , unfortunatly its harder than heck to find a dvd that hdtv quality , but trust i they look 2x as good . we get ours from netflix , and the upconvert on we hd dvd player do a ok job . another unfortunate thing , those hd dvd player usually dont come with the hdmi cable so you will have to purchase one , the cheap aluminum one be around 50.00 the 24k gold one be 150.00 dollar . but very much worth it when you get the chance to show it off . the last benefit to projector be , we take it with we on vacation as well as everytime we be in a hotel since it only weigh 5lb and come with a great carry case .
854	Projector	POS	5	buy this ! do not hesitate . the quality be excellent . it be very sturdy and strong . for $ 50 it can not be beat . i feel like i could hang from this thing from my ceiling , and i be a big guy .
984	Projector	POS	5	this be a great projector . we place this in we church worship center and shoot it on a 10 ' wide screen . the color be bright and sharp . we order the wpd-100 and be hope to gain even more vertisility . for the price you will not find a better projector .
787	Projector	POS	5	this product give many different option of installation it be simple and easy to install . i be very happy with the quality . thanks , avi moyal http:\/\/www.kabbalah.info
379	Projector	POS	4	buy on a friday , select next day delivery and receive it on saturday before noon ! hook it up to my dvd player through hdmus that evening and watch a movie on my bedroom wall with my kid . we love it except for the audio\/volume control . it do not get loud enough . easy fix ... i hook it up to we digital home theater system -lrb- power speaker system -rrb- and voilum , it be just like be at the movie theater ! i then use it for my daughter 's birthday party a day later . we project the image onto the back of the garage and the kid watch it from we sofa on we deck . it work beautifully . i be very , very happy with this purchase . would have give it a five star review if the volume would have be sufficient .
920	Projector	POS	5	we have have we projector for almost 7year and have go through 3bulb which include the original . we use this as we everything tv . typically , we be about 25-30 hour a week of daily tv , movie , and video game . there be no doubt , from day one , that we choose the best tv out there that exceed all we needs\/wants . we project onto a hd 120 '' screen and have all hd component hook up . plenty of other reviews\/sites will give you all the technical datum you need . this be simply a experience review . it be located in we basement , so light be not much of a issue . although there be a vast improvement in dark versus daylight , but it still do a good job when the room be more light . overall , the decision to buy or not to buy be simple : you will not regret you decision to get this !
719	Projector	POS	5	works as advertised - better than some of the bigger model con : the menu on the screen after boot up , be not very intuitive , you have to finger just about every button before there be a response - same with use the supply remote , overall , i would recommend this to anyone look to throw up some dazzling art , or gaming in the back yard , the list go on .
791	Projector	POS	4	the timex t736s dual alarm clock radio with time projector and jumbo display be a amazingly light , attractive item that have a lot more bell and whistle than a non tech individual like myself generally require . the time projector and dual alarm be excellent feature and i definitely appreciate the both the large time display and the adjustable brightness feature . i like be able to see the time from across the room when i be awake but also like a dark room when i be sleep . here i get to have it both way . but i think my favorite be the environmental sound feature and battery back-up system . the only slight negative for i be a aesthetic one deal with maximize the use of available space . the clock be much thicker than it need to be . the 18 function button located at the top could have be arrange in a more efficient manner , thus slim down the device so that it would not need quite as much room on you desk or bedside table . other than that i be satisfied .
498	Projector	POS	5	a previous review warn not to use this if bulb burst . this be not correct . i wait to install this second bulb before write this -lrb- this be the second one to burst due to the over 3000 hour use -rrb- . i remove the old burst bulb and see that the damage be contain within the bulb housing . just to insure the best image , i carefully clean the color wheel with a damp qtip and rotate it to get it clean . the new bulb work good as new . my x1 projector image have never look better . if you have any doubt it seem that the bulb can be return as per amazon 's return policy . by the way , i get my bulb from amazon in 3 day with free shipping .
169	Projector	POS	5	i be interested in the epson 8100 projector for my customer recommendation and , possibly , for myself . i be a isf -lrb- -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- certify calibrator and i decide to do some research on the product . read through the review on other site and on amazon , this projector be one of the best of it be class but ... i be take aback on the small but vociferous number of customer unhappy about the 4,000 hour rate lamp fail in as few as 400 hour . this make the product unusable for someone like i who have to recommend product and as a consumer ; the lamp be a expensive consumable at hundred of dollar to replace . worse , the customer complain that the 90 day warranty on this specific part do not match the two year overall warranty and after 90 day they be out of luck . now to sidebar , that kind of policy be just be cheap and , overall , \* stupid \* . one can not even use the projector bulb even close to that rate lifetime in 90 day ! 24 x 90 = 2160 ! how -lrb- place unflattering adjective here -rrb- be that ? back to the narrative ... i call up the pre-sale epson customer support line today , 11-02-2010 . i be transfer to a gentleman that answer my question on this issue . ask about the report lamp problem , he relate to i that the policy be not correct and epson warranty the product in its entirety for the full duration of the two year , lamp and all , and that it be even post at projectorcentral.com -lrb- i do due-diligence and look up the source and quote and be include below -rrb- i dig a bit deeper , and the rep related to i that the policy have change -lrb- although i do not ask for a specific date of they change of heart -rrb- and that some older machine would also have they warranty honor as well . he do mention to i the model , but i do not record they as i be only interested in a specific model . i ask he about the reason that epson do not publish this information in other source besides projectorcentral like amazon and the like . the reply be a fairly unsatisfactory answer that i will not go into here . but at least it be publish -lrb- below be the source and the info -rrb- . after ask a few tech question which he answer in a very forthcoming and friendly way , i close out the conversation . at least he be eager to assist and i be appreciative . take away : the product be cover for the whole warranty period . customer service , in this particular occasion , seem hammer by the question -lrb- s -rrb- on this but assure we that the product be indeed cover and also other model as well . ----- from projectorcentral.com -lrb- ... -rrb- . say evan powell , editor `` i have speak to epson about this situation . they have look into it and , like the dealer i talk to , they say they have not discover any aberrant issue . nevertheless , epson want to ensure customer that it stand behind its product . therefore , epson 's spokesperson have inform i that if you experience any problem with premature lamp failure on any epson 1080p projector , you may return the lamp for a replacement lamp anytime during the life of the projector 's warranty . yes , you read that right -- premature lamp failure on any epson 1080p projector will be cover for the entire duration of the projector 's warranty , not the lamp 's warranty . ''
873	Projector	POS	5	ok , so i just receive the hc4000 a few day ago , along with the favus 100 '' manual screen . both from amazon , as usually amazon prime offer the best price , free shipping and no tax . both screen and projector arrive without damage . the review be start with 5 star but i might need to edit as i put on hour . first , i be a total projector newbie . my main passion be 2 channel audio and i own a top notch 2 channel system . of course i love film as well -lrb- sport too -rrb- so my first real solid display be a pioneer elite 50 '' kuro that i buy 4 year ago , which be awesome . problem be 1 . -rrb- my family and kid have take over the pio 2 . -rrb- even since i say a mitsus projector at my brothr-in-law i have to have one ! after spend many hour on on-line review -lrb- av forum too -rrb- i decide on the mits over the benq w6000 . buy anything without hearing or see it first be not a great idea in general , but i know amazon have a great return policy . first think to notice while unpack this mits be the size or lack of , totally tiny and light as a feather . i mean , not to complain but one sort of start to wonder why you spending $ 1100 or a feather light plastic item ? well , no worry because once i plug it in , no warm-up , no break-in , no user adjustment , i be totally floor ! amazing be all i can say . play lotr -lrb- non-blu ray -rrb- from my ps3 look , well , like a movie theater . i also own the oppo-bdp-95 but have it on ther otherside of my room in my 2 channel system , so i be not keeon on run a 25 ' hdmi cable over , which i might try in the future . a bit on the favus 100 '' screen , this sucker be long ! i do all of the measurement several time so i know this be the largest i could fit . i have to say , i would love another 20 '' or so , but not complain . the project be place on a short stand about 17 ' from the screen , so it use about 90 % of the screen area . as other people state , the favi screen smell terrible but i hope the plastic smell go away after a few day . screen be solidly build , just hope the mech . do not break as some reviewer complain about on these manual screen . i be go to spend the next few week tweek the setting and try various test disc . i would tell first time projector buyer do not worry . set-up be simple , take i about 20 minute to hane the screen and maybe 30 minute to unpack the unit and wire it to the receiver .
746	Projector	POS	5	the new pp03 portable pocket projector be awesome ! who would have think look at the picture and the price that it would be of great quality from the material make from as well as the projection quality - take it every where i go !
976	Projector	POS	5	i have pre-order this projector for almost a month before it be ship , which give i time to contemplate my purchase decision . i go around to the shop and check the pk 201 , 102 model and other brand like the 3m pico projector and the samsung palm size lead projector . especially that i have a full size dlp hd projector that i bough last year . the inconvenience of have to setup the screen and the speaker in the garden to watch a nice cinematic experience on giant screen reduce these occasion to just a handful through a year . i have high hope for the portable battery operate projector but i be aware of the fact that its power be low and can only be use in dim room . it finally arrive , and much to my surprise it beat my expectation just out of the box . it look and feel better than any of the other one i have examine first hand . the casing be sturdy and compact although the zoom swivel look fragile . the picture quality be very good and can certainly beat the quality of a regular tv . i use it with a nokium micro sd card from my old mobile and i run a slide show on the ceiling with short video it take my breath away . i hook it up to my iphone and watch a full movie in my bedroom in full widescreen mode , you will be in for a good surprise : -rrb- you only need the av cable for the iphone or ipad and a bluetooth or wire earphone and you have you 100 % portable cinema box that fit in you pocket . i also try it with apple tv connect through the hdmus link . it deliver a very nice picture . the build in speaker be good enough for my kid to watch cartoon while sit just behind the projector . although i love this projector i have a few comment to make . the battery life be not enough for one full movie and do not charge well if you operate the projector while it be plug to power source . it heat up a little too quickly , i know it be summer time but in 10 minute it be case be hot . with that say , my final verdict be still excellent and highly recommend . i also recommend the follow accessory : 1 -rrb- a small tripod be very important for ventilation and also position 2 -rrb- the remote be very handy because the button on the projector be small and as they dim you can not make out which button you be press . also good for slide show and short video off the memory card .
501	Projector	POS	5	to all the be consider buy this projector !!!! buy it !!! do not worry about the fact it do not have a hdmus input ! buy the converter vga to hdmi -- you can buy the converter for $ 4.87 on ebay.com or $ 7.99 on overstock.com -- this will give you full hd . i use the projector directly on the wall . it have a excellent picture . it beat my 3d benq . all projector over 2000 lumen should be good with light on . the acer with 2700 lumen be fine . if you do not have the converter you be only cheating yourself out of the best performance out of you projector . resolution : native : svga -lrb- 800 x 600 -rrb- no coverter . maximum : uxga -lrb- 1600 x 1200 -rrb- . maximum wide : 1080p -lrb- 1920 x 1080 -rrb- with converter . i think i should receive a sponsership for this comment . next be my question . i buy this acer and a lg 3d blu-ray home theater when look to make the movie 3d do i look for glass & a kit compatible with the projector or the blu-ray ? look for answer from anyone else that have a mix-match set that be currently get 3d movie to work and not game
996	Projector	POS	5	okay ... i have a bias , and i 'll admit it . i be a engineer by trade , and i have work on the design of picoprojectors for 3m . so i know what go into they all the way down at the silicon level . there be several approach to get pixel up on a screen use as little power as possible -lrb- mostly have to do with how you turn the led 's in the `` lamphouse '' on and off more quickly than the eye\/brain can notice that they be flash -rrb- . there be also way in which you can turn they on sequentially in red , green , and blue to illuminate what be actually a monochrome display module -- and then let the brain reassemble the three mono-colored image into the full color picture you think you see . what differentiate this projector from a number of other on the market be the amount of time 3m put into ask a fundamental question a lot of other people do not : `` how be the human eye and brain combination -- which be a part of the system -- stimulate most effectively by light so that the perceive quality of the overall picture be highest ? '' i should note that i be not a 3m employee , i be part of a engineering consulting business that do work with 3m . -lrb- a great company to have as a client , btw ... -rrb- but i have do video system design for dozen of people over the year . and 3m have they act together on this project to a greater degree than just about anybody i can think of .
359	Projector	POS	4	i buy this as a entry-level projector for my home office , for kind of as a toy\/experiment , and have be please with the result . the picture quality -lrb- 640x480 -rrb- be obviously low-end by today 's hi-def tv standard , but if you goal be to have a big screen at a low price , preferably as you `` secondary '' -lrb- i.e. not as you living room centerpiece -rrb- tv , then this be a good buy . i be use it for dvd , roku , and computer , project on a $ 50 pull-down screen , and it project a 80 '' image from about 12 foot away . the picture be not too bright , so the room have to be totally dark for best result . the kid love it for the `` movie theater big-screen '' experience , and they do not complain about the video quality . i have use it to watch mlb tv and tv show via roku , and that be pretty cool - again , we be not talk razor-sharp picture , but definitely good enough for i . i recommend it to any buyer who be ok with adjust his\/her expectation in order to get a inexpensive big-screen `` for fun '' . if you be a buyer who want a top-of-the line high-def video experience , i recommend get a higher resolution tv or projector .
302	Projector	POS	5	i have own several projector , first be a sony , then a optoma , after a yamaha -lrb- expensive compare to this one , more than double -rrb- and now the panasonic . this projector take i by surprise . i be expect something good , compare to my previous yamaha projector , but not as good as the picture i be see with the panasonic . contrast be very good , and picture quality awesome . no screen door effect noticeable . people be make comment about the setup , in my case the setup be straight forward . to get the right focus make sure to use the remote control instead of the button on the unit .
730	Projector	POS	5	i buy this projector a few month ago not know what to expect , i pay the same price as i do for my plasma tv . this thing be amazing for gaming and movie from a blu-ray player or computer . hook it up to a hd cable service be not the best . as it kinda look like a standard definition even through the hdmus cord . hook it up to a vcr or use the rca cord be not that good . the speaker in the system be only good for small room . no need really for a projector screen , it look really good even on my dirty white wall , or the blue wall in show it on . although the screen do make it easier to look at . and doesnt give you as bad of `` movie theater eye '' in a small room no need to have a heater on , as this thing pump out more heat than a space heater . no zoom option which be kinda rough to deal with . but this be the highest quality projector for the price at the time of purchase . i will update if i have any further comment on here .
718	Projector	POS	5	so , after month of search for the right projector i decide on purchase the ep739 for 6 reason . 1 -rrb- the price , -lrb- $ 850 -rrb- that be hard to beat ! 2 -rrb- 720p , 1080i high definition picture . i have already watch superman returns and mission impossible iii in 720p and it look incredible ! i have not see the 1080i picture yet , but i can only imagine ! 3 -rrb- 2,500 lumen for a nice bright image . i have a apartment with many window which be not ideal for a projector , but the ep739 do just fine . close the blind and turn off the light and get ready for a killer picture ! 4 -rrb- the input . s-video , composite -lrb- rca -rrb- , vga and dvi connection . some of you may be confuse about the vga input and the dvi input . do not be , because i be go to clear that up for you right now . first up , vga be analog and dvi be digital . that be the important thing to know . you can purchase a component adapter for the vga input and a hdmi adapter for the dvi input . cool huh ? so do not shy away from purchase this projector because it do not have component or hdmus connection . it be a easy fix ! 5 -rrb- 5,000 hour lamp life !!! in all of my search for the perfect projector , i never come across another projector with 5,000 hour of lamp life . eco mode will dim the picture a tad , but to be honest with you , it look fine . 6 -rrb- small and quiet . sure there be some fan noise but it be not bad at all . a friend of mine have a older projector and while watch a movie , you have to crank the surround sound to wash out the fan noise . not with the ep739 . my projector sit 5 foot from my head , and i hardly know it be there . and the size of this thing be small . it be hard to believe that such a small machine can produce a 25 foot picture !!! $ 2,000 - $ 3,000 for a 42 '' plasma or $ 850 for a theater like picture ... that be a no brainer for i !!!
465	Projector	POS	4	i just receive my pk201 and , so far , i be happy with it except for one important point : the item description on this page clearly say `` connect to -lrb- ... -rrb- ipod , iphone & itouch with include bundle connection kit '' . however , the `` include bundle connection kit '' be not actually include - you 'll need to purchase that separately . oh , and the `` optoma bc-pkaidus ipod kit '' also list on this page that allege you can `` connect to a ipod or iphone for high quality view on-the-go '' do not -lrb- accord to other reviewer -rrb- connect to a iphone .
979	Projector	POS	4	i recently buy this projector for my daughter and she friend to watch movie outside in the backyard on projection screen i build which be 8ft x 6ft . the projector be use on halloween playing scary movie which they like and be accompany by the home theater surround sound use the hdmus hook-up . the color and brightness of the projector be very good and the resolution be a plus . if you hook it up to the hdmus cable the resolution be great . i play the wii and xbox 360 on it as well , work great . do not be cheap and buy some of these no name brand that be on this site . i do that and send mine back .
291	Projector	POS	4	anyone look for a small portable projector should look no further . it be hard to believe that such a small package could deliver such powerful visual . my band stillsuit need something small and light weight to take on tour , and this be the best option hand down . we use video during we performance and need something that could fit into a variety of tight space depend where we be play . it be somewhat limit in connection -lrb- no dvi , no rca audio connector , no component video -rrb- but have just about eveythe you need . although a digital connection -lrb- dvi -rrb- be miss the most . i do not honestly think this unit be capable of true hd -lrb- in 720p at least -rrb- via the vga\/rgb connection . i have a hdtv , and while this projector 's picture look good , it can not touch the clarity of a lcd . but that be not the point . a tight little dlp unit like this would be a good choice for anyone who need projection on the go -lrb- presenter , dj 's , etc. -rrb- or have limit space to make a home theater .
355	Projector	POS	4	we have a guest speaker for we monthly meeting and the projector she bring would not work . this new one be bring in to hopefully save the program . it be set up in no time and do the job ! we be so pleased with the quality and ease that we say , `` it be a keeper ! ''
214	Projector	POS	4	i end up buy this epson as it have the combination i be look for : size : as i need something very portable . money : as i do not want to spend over $ 600 . clarity : as i need to do powerpoint presentation in well light medium size room with audience from 5-70 . i would say the this projecter exceed my expectation in all 3 category . the size be smaller than i expect . it fit perfectly along with my macbook in the same briefcase which be not that big . the usb connection to my mac work great and no setup need . it connect to my mac via usb and via the include video cable -lrb- of course you need to have the mac video adaptor if you wih to use the standard video cable -rrb- . calrity be great and the picture be sharp in the native 1024x768 resolution , enough in a well light room with a screen size of about 100 '' use economy mode . the only caveat be the fan sound be a bit loud , so in a smaller area it will be noticeable and will require you shift to economy mode , which be extremely reasonable . my thought be the projector small size have to do with the fan be noisy as there be no easy way to discharge so much heat through a small opening without much noise . lead projecto size be so small be tempting , but be a bit on the weak side for daylight . i check all of they -lrb- optoma , viewsonic , acer and lg -rrb- . casio be awesome but cost be -rrb- $ 800 , and the fan get a bit loud on this model as well . to get something in this size in lcd , i would have have to go to svga -lrb- 800x600 -rrb- . so for a combination of size , clarity and cost , this one be the best i could find . for $ 500 , this be a great deal . the carry case that come with it be great look and very functional , although i do not use it as like i say before - it fit in my pc case with ease . bottom line , if you need something that to use for powerpoint presentation and travels in the same case as you notebook , this be the one . it be easy to connect , it turn on and shut down super fast , and it auto correct its positining in a smart way . for the clarity and size , it be worth more than $ 500 . if you do not care about the size , there be many other option that will not be as loud as this one .
428	Projector	POS	5	i be use this mount with a optoma hd20 and it have do a great job . it will take you a few minute to sort out what need to be do with the piece in the box , but it be not hard and very flexible ... look like it would fit just about any conceivable projector . the material be pretty high quality . be aware that the minimum height from ceiling to where it grab you projector be about 15 '' -lrb- not 12 '' as some have say -rrb- . i need it to be about 12 '' for my application , which be in-between this mount and most of the other that i find . a friend point out that it be just two aluminum piece that slide and it could easily be cut down with a hack see without any visible change . so i cut about 6 '' off of the end each of the side to get the correct range and drill a new hole for the length set piece -lrb- this be easier than be sound -rrb- . warning : there be a little tab of punch metal who be job be to keep the two arm from completely separate - if you cut these down you 'll lose that piece and risk the possibility that if you loosen the arm length screw the projector will fall . i suggest that if you do this you set the length and then drill a a additional hole to secure it . -lrb- in practice however you would have to really be not pay attention and have a heavy project for this to happen . -rrb- my only other comment on this be really more related to the optoma hd20 - for some reason optoma choose to place the three mount screw hole off center on the projector bottom ... so when loose the projector want to hang to one side . i can see no logical reason for this ... just dumb . not hard to overcome , but annoy . again , nothing to do with the mount , just the projector .
942	Projector	POS	5	i have research for a while for the best pico projector right now . after see all the trust review -lrb- techcrunch , pc world , etc -rrb- i think this would be the brightest pico projector with the most functionality . i be one of those guy that may not ever use all the option on a device , but like to have that option available if ever the time for it come up . the p4 do not disappoint , for something so little , it be very bright . i be surprise to see how bright this thing be ! i use it to connect to my lap top and watch movie because i tend to travel a lot and watch with friend . they all love it too . the one thing that be a minor annoyance be the fan , but if you be watch a movie with the speaker on , it be not so bad . i would recommend this to a friend .
774	Projector	POS	5	this be the 3rd video projector i have own . the 1st be a dell vga . need to upgrade to hd so get a optoma 720p . after 5 year it die so i need another . the natural progression be to go to 1080p , but then i find this gem . it be 720p , but when i compare it side-by-side with a 1080p projector , the difference in image quality be subtle , and the 1080p projector cost twice as much as this -lrb- and that be a bargain for 1080p -rrb- . besides price , here be the other advantage of this projector : 1 . 3d . combine this with a 3d blu-ray player -lrb- my panasonic be very well price -rrb- , view sonic 3d hd video processor -lrb- vp3d1 -rrb- and some dlp 3d glass , and you have get sweet 3d movie without any special setup . 2 . size\/weight . this be mean to be portable . i do not intend to move mine , but for some people that might come in handy . it probably weigh half as much as my old optoma and the 1080p projector i compare it to , and be probably half the size as well . make it much easier to mount on the ceiling -lrb- easily do with no 2nd person help to steady it -rrb- . 3 . color . most people mount they projector on a wall or ceiling . most people do not have black wall or ceiling , so black or similarly dark projector be kind of a eyesore . combine with its small size , the white color help conceal it so that it do not dominate a room . some other thing i like : 1 . come with a nice black nylon canvas carry case -lrb- again , very portable -rrb- . 2 . the small remote slide into the projector , make it easy to keep the 2 together if you be carry it somewhere . you do need to make sure you do not lose it , or program a universal remote to control the projector , because there be not any button on the projector -lrb- since the remote become part of the projector when you slide into place -rrb- . 3 . quite bright . i would think that the smaller package would mean less light output , but no. . brighter than my old optoma that be twice the size , and just as bright as the much pricier 1080p projector i compare it to . 4 . automatic keystoning be impressive . you can set it at just about any angle and it will keep the picture a perfect rectangle . it be throw distance be a bit longer than the optoma i have , but not bad at all . check this website to find out precisely how big the image be for a give distance : -lrb- ... -rrb- i be a loyal amazon prime member , but since this be not eligible for amazon prime , you can get this from walmart.com for the same low price , ship cost be very low -lrb- free to you local store -rrb- , and you have 3 month to return it if you do not like it . awesome projector .
861	Projector	POS	5	top quality ! easy to install and strong enough to hold even the heaviest of projector . sturdy !
659	Projector	POS	4	i have be shop for projector to connect to my pc for gaming for a few week , but i keep come back to this one . now that i have get it , i can honestly say it be a excellent choice . the setup be quick and completely painless ; i just hook it to my pc 's video card via a dvi-hdmus adapter , switch it on , and voilum . the picture quality be excellent . it be bright , with deep black and vibrant color . i have hear tell of some people see a rainbow effect with dlp projector , but i must be one of the lucky few , because i have not notice that in the 10 or so hour i have use it so far . grant , i have it in a small , dark room , but the brightness of the picture surprise i as well . anxious to try it out , i point it at a wall that be paint dark chocolate brown . even on that surface , the picture be acceptably bright . when i add a matte white screen , it really blow i away . one of the primary reason i choose this model be its 0.72 throw ratio . and indeed , it work as advertise . i have get it sit around 5.5 foot from the wall , and with that i be able to achieve a 6-foot wide image . if i have one complaint , it be that there be no zoom that i can find , so i be pretty much lock to this setup . if you have a larger room , just be prepare for a giant image . another minor niggle be that the remote do not seem to work when use behind the unit . i sit it on a desk in front of i , and i have to lean forward to do any setup change on the unit 's button themselves . picture clarity be not as tack-sharp as a lcd monitor , but it be acceptable for my purpose . i do not use the audio portion of this model , so i can not comment on the speaker quality . all in all , i be very happy with the purchase .
477	Projector	POS	5	got mine on my son 's birthday . i hook up with ps3 , 1.4 a compliance hdmus cable , mustang 120 '' screen , sony sound system , two optoma z101 3d dlp link glass , play 3d game and watch 3d movie . i can not believe in front of my eye . i be watch and play 3d in my living room . none of the projector out there without you need to pay and hook up 3d converter can do that . i have compare it with optoma hd180 as well . i love this 3d projector . i be excite to have this machine in my living room . i be die to show this to my friend and wife . another best part be it come with the rf emitter just in case you want to hook up with rf active shutter glass . in my opinion , the optoma z101 be on sale and will do the job nicely both to my two boy 10 and 13 year old and of course myself . you will not be disappoint .
778	Projector	POS	5	before i bring this projector , i read all of the review . many of those review voice a concern about the noise from the fan . i must say i do not hear anything , this product be great much better than i expect we do movie night on tuesdays , but my husband watch he sunday football on it weekly . it be be use regularly its hook up to or tv so we be use it and so far have no complaint and trust i when i say i will complain if i be not satisfy with something i spend my money on . i say go for it its a great by . if something change i will post that to . lol
668	Projector	POS	5	great projector for the price . it look better than my big screen tv . we use it outside in we backyard theater project onto a 16 by 9 screen . awesome .
512	Projector	POS	4	this product so nice and perfect 3m pocket projector mp 180 remote control be as mention by the dealer and suppler its the right choice for you its amazing tool for datum show
837	Projector	POS	5	my family have a lot of old super 8 movie lay around which we have never watch . i want to have they digitalize so that we can enjoy they . i do some research before i find this `` box '' , order it and it come within a few day . i bring it home for christmas and it be amazingly simple . my dad be very skeptical to start with but in no time we have the movie transfer to my computer and i upload they to the internet so the whole family can watch . i use my digital camera with video function as i do not have a cam corder but the quality turn out great . it be easy to set it up and take little effort or technical knowledge . just adjust the camera so it capture the frame correctly and hit ` record ' . that simple ! i only convert super 8 movie but next time i go home i will try it with slide and old picture .
37	Projector	POS	5	i purchase the ex7200 for use in child 's church in a fairly small , fluorescent-well-lit classroom . have a high quality lcd projector open up world of possibility for education , and i could not be happier with this projector . it be also night and day go from the small 15 '' wide-screen lcd tv i have at my disposal -lrb- from the church -rrb- to a 86 '' projection screen -lrb- of course , you could go much bigger if you have the room ! -rrb- . there be a multitude of option , include 5 or so `` color mode '' for different viewing situation , include project onto a whiteboard or blackboard ! controls be fairly intuitive . projector can be shut down and unplug without have to let the fan run to cool down -lrb- though i would recommend let the projector cool in the open for a couple minute at least instead of immediately stuff it in the case -rrb- . the usb plug and play be nice , but be warn . the usb connection be a fail for powerpoint with animation . slide transition and even simple roll text be choppy and jumpy with the usb connection . the vga cable -lrb- supply -rrb- work perfectly , however , and the projection be just as smooth as it be on you computer screen . this projector also allow you to connect multiple video source simultaneously and switch between they easily . there be also a tiny blue dot visible on dark background -lrb- esp . black -rrb- in the bottom left area of the frame . i be assume this be a minor defect with the imaging system in my particular projector . it be just one dot -lrb- maybe a single pixel -rrb- and not very noticeable . worth mention , but probably not worth the hassle of return or exchange . do not make the mistake i do and purchase a screen with the wrong aspect ratio . this projector have a native resolution of 1280x800 which be a 16:10 ratio , not 16:9 . not sure how i miscalculate that , especially when it even say 16:10 in the description ! if you use this with a 16:9 screen , you will not be able to make the projector image fill the screen -- it will be `` letterbox '' by white screen material on the left and right . image adjustment with this projector be fully optical -lrb- focus and zoom ring build into the lens -rrb- . use the optical zoom allow you to enlarge or reduce the entire frame to fined-adjust screen fit without have to move the projector itself and without loss of resolution . last , do not think this projector be go to look just fantastic in a well-lit room . do not get i wrong , it be very usable with all the light on , but darker color especially will be wash out and obviously you contrast will not be the best . unfortunately , the room i be in have all the fluorescent light on one switch , so it be either all or nothing in term of room lighting . so i simply make a makeshift cover out of some thick cardboard to partially block the light closest to the projection screen . this make a huge difference . i be just say be prepare to experiment with you setup to get the best balance .
164	Projector	POS	5	the image be very good and the quality be optimal . easy to install and use . my family have enjoy good movie as be in the movie .
337	Projector	POS	5	this be a winner . works very well , color be good , and adjustable , frame alignment for key ning be good , quite a package for the price !
552	Projector	POS	4	i use this porjector instead of a tv in my bedroom . i love it . i think it be perfect for the price too . for some reason the remote do not work well at all , i only really need it for volume . the internal speaker work just fine for the sound . works for i ! thanks !
567	Projector	POS	5	yamaha be a great company when it come to sound . i have 2 very fussy music teacher in we family , my son and wife . surround sound with many box may be overkill . i think it be false to have something go bump on one side and instead of the sound be beside the screen ... it be unrealistically beside you arm . the yamaha have a method of study you room for reflective surface , and you actually must leave the room for it to do so . i have the subwoofer behind the tv with the omni-directional bass sound . we be happy and that be incredible for these sharp musician . look no further ... lot of box be just awkward , false impression and a mess to place they . this be light , thin and blend with the tv styling and coloring . no need to improve this model in the near future , either .
640	Projector	POS	4	i have be use a front projection setup for several year now , start with a serendipitous purchase of a nec lt150 that be a `` price mistake '' find . after get it and figure out how to mount it , put up a screen and run cable in the ceiling with a friend 's help , i have be hook on the true theater type experience that a projector provide . it be a dim , loud , business class projector but still a thrill to have a 100 '' picture . i upgrade over the year to a brighter nec business projector , then finally enter real home theater projector land with a 1080p optoma hd80 . at the time , the hd80 be one of the best bang for the buck projector ever make , and i enjoy the heck out of it . one of the thing that bug i with the nec business projector be the dreaded dlp `` rainbow effect '' , and with the hd80 that be minimize enough that it never really bother i . i be fairly sensitive to it , apparently , and could force myself to see it on the hd80 but only by unnatural thing like shake my head . unfortunately after 2 1\/2 year the hd80 die , and i decide to look around for new model since 1080p have become the standard , and less of a premium feature . the benq w6000 be high on my radar because it be one of the very few moderate price dlp model that include lens shift . its brightness be another attribute i like since i have a `` living room ht '' without full light control , and the extra brightness be great for those afternoon football game . i end up buy a epson 8100 lcd unit locally , and the w6000 here , and compare they -lrb- eventually add a sony sxrd model to the mix to hit all 3 major projector technology -rrb- . the benq live up to its billing , produce a very bright , dynamic picture . after some tweak to the initial base setting , i be pretty happy with the overall picture , color , black level etc. . as another reviewer note , dynamic black seem to cause a little too much iris noise so i also turn it off , and do not notice much difference in the overall picture . but one problem come back ... rainbow . the color wheel be actually only a 4x speed , as oppose to the 6x speed that the hd80 use . in addition , extra brightness seem to make anything more noticeable , rainbow include . after a couple of week , i just could not live with it and end up return it . if you be not sensitive to this artifact , the w6000 be a fantastic projector . i really , really want it to work for i but end up pay more for the sxrd unit -lrb- sony vpl-hw15 -rrb- . -lrb- i be not overly impressed with the epson 8100 , though it be a lower price model so not a really fair comparison - i wish i would be able to find a 8500 to try instead . -rrb-
357	Projector	POS	5	i be in the tech field and i have be wait for the pico projector to come down in price . i just never expect one of this quality and feature set to sell for under $ 300.00 . i have look at the 3m one and some of the other but none come close to this 20 lumen switch blade of a pico projector . i get mine about 3 week ago and i have be use it constantly . everyone who see 's it be like `` i be so get one of these '' . i like the fact that it come bundle with the cable require to connect you laptop . with other unit this be extra as well as a case . i purchase the ipod connector kit so i could hook up my iphone . it look awesome with video come from my iphone . please note that the extra battery in the ipod\/iphone connector kit be for the pk101\/102 projector and will not fit in the pk201 . so bascially i 'll ebay that battery . the arcsoft media software i be not so happy about . i try convert a video to the pk201 profile setting in arcsoft only to have it not work on the unit . if i convert the same file utilize arcsoft 's pk101 profile -lrb- lower video bit rate -rrb- then the file will play on the pk201 . i have a support case open with they about but its really a arcsoft issue . i have work around that anyway by utilz other software to do the job . long story short be that i have do a lot of research regard the pico projectors , this be by far the best due to its brightness , input capability , resolution , and ability to play content on its own -lrb- build in media player -rrb- . those be some of the most important thing to i when i be look for a pico projector . do i also mention it utilize micro sd so i you can have up to 16gb of storage . it be great just take this unit out without have to hookup any wire and play a movie or project a powerpoint . i have never write a review before and i hope this help you in select a pico proejctor . cheers
356	Projector	POS	4	this unit work great , the brightness isnt super high , but for the price and be able to have a huge screen on my wall be greeat !!
105	Projector	POS	5	this be a great product . it do just what we need it to do as we go out into the community to do presentation . the price be awesome for the product we receive .
391	Projector	POS	5	i project from my computer through hdmus onto a big white peice of fabric i buy at the fabric store for $ 18 . i have it in a spare room set up at about 100 '' and it look spectacular . it be not hd quality , but it be a $ 200 projector , the bulb alone for most other projector be more than that . everyone be very impressed with the projector , it put out nice color and have decent contrast . i have be watch star war and it make my girlfriend get sea-sick every time there be a fly scene . it really be that good . the selling point for i on this projector be that replacement bulb be only $ 25 . . that be insanely cheap , i will be buy several bulb so i can use this projector for year to come . i may even buy a few more of the unit for the office , live room ect . .
891	Projector	POS	4	it be quite impressive with 1280 vs 800 resolution but anything more than that be not that impressive . the picture seem little blurry with 1080p input . overall i be very much satisfied with this product so far .
298	Projector	POS	4	this thing be amazing ! great resolution , compact and excellent build quality . the on-screen menu and micro sd slot be all welcome addition . i put on a episode of top gear in hd on it and another officer on my ship watch comment its as good as he flat screen at home . my only complaint be the lack of ipod adapter , extra battery -lrb- both of which come with the pk101 -rrb- and the video encode software . the software take a 600mb . mp4 file -lrb- that the projector say be not support -rrb- and increase it to 1.4 gb ! i recommend use handbrake -lrb- it be free -rrb- , use the iphone setting and bump the resolution to around 640x352 -lrb- what i have the tg episode play at -rrb- . aside from that , i be very happy with this projector .
934	Projector	POS	4	color accuracy be fantastic in theater setting . the pixel fill\/smooth screen design eliminate any screen door effect or video noise , regardless of distance . even so the image remain sharp . a 106 '' diagonal 1.0 gain white screen in a dark room be push the limit in theater mode . use a smaller screen -lrb- 92 would be great -rrb- or increase the gain -lrb- 1.4 -rrb- to keep the bright plasma like `` pop '' . contrast in general be excellent , but absolute black level be lack -lrb- a shortcoming of all reasonably price lcd projector -rrb- . in a light controlled room the widescreen black bar be very obvious . watch predominatly dark movie -lrb- descent , underworld , etc. -rrb- really show the limitation of the black level . the headlamp in descent give enough light to open up the auto-iris , result in a dark gray glow from area that should have be pitch black . even in scene of complete darkness , with the iris fully close , the screen light my room with a gray luminance . reduce the brightness control and increase contrast do not help . to i this be not a minor defect , but a major distracting limitation of the technology . at this price point you can not have everything . on a reasonably size screen the panasonic come close . if you can live with black that be good but not quite black then this be the projector for you . i return the panasonic and be save for the new jvc rs40 when it hit the market december 2010 \/ january 2011 . dk
407	Projector	POS	4	pro : for a projector in this price range , picture be extremely bright and very sharp . color fidelity be good -lrb- with adjustment ; out of the box , hue and saturation be odd -rrb- . noise level be excellent ; fan be very quiet . menus and control be very good . customization option be thorough and easy to navigate . user manual be somewhat better than average . meh : audio throughput via hdmi be middling at best . startup time and source seeking be slightly below average . con : remote control be horrible . layout be non-intuitive and label be barely legible , especially in a low-light situation where this projector be likely to be use . summary : at this price point , i be happy , and i feel i get my money 's worth . if i ever win the lottery , i will not be keep this machine , but for now , it get a solid b grade .
821	Projector	POS	5	i be very happy with this purchase . this work great for watch movie ! i use a new white sheet and hang it on the wall with thumb tack . for the price this projector deliver a nice 60 '' picture . i would highly recommend this product and seller !
261	Projector	POS	5	super projector . cool i love it and just 200 dollar be worth to spend on this product . now we have so much family time togather as well as i can play video game movie new tv everything on that only .
695	Projector	POS	5	i be extremely happy with this projector . i be use it at home to project across a 15 foot room onto a white wall . the picture come out to probably about a 8-10 foot screen . even without hd it look amazing . i have yet to try hd or 3d , but i be sure they will look great as well . the brightness of the projector be better than i expect . it do not quite work in the middle of the day with the shades open -lrb- darker color be hard to tell apart -rrb- . but it do work extremely well in a dim room . overall , very impressed .
273	Projector	POS	4	i buy this projector last month and i be impressed with the brightness in eco mode . i use it only to watch movie and sport . i shoot a 120 inch image on my living room white wall , it be awesome . it be worth every penny . can not beat it for the price .
187	Projector	POS	5	i be new to the home theater world so i be no expert . i have be do research for about 2 year on basic construction and various piece of equipment . my budget be limit so i need to find the best bang for the buck . i recently build a 26 by 11 theater room in the basement . there be only one small window in the room which i plan to cover . i purchase a sony vplbw7 projector from best buy for $ 799 . i be look at the pull down screen and frame screen as they seem to be the most cost effective solution . i look at gray screen and white screen . i finally stumble onto this one . there be one review and it seem to fair pretty well so i take the chance . i be pleasantly surprise . the instruction be not all that detailed but you get the idea . a little common sense will see you through the installation . a little trial and error will get you through the adjustment . just make sure you do one stop at a time and remember which direction you turn and how many time . you 'll know what this mean when you go adjust the stop . the setup come with 3 remote . one be the hardwired conference room wall mount type with the up , stop , and down button mount on a ugly box . there be 2 wireless remote as well . one transmit ir signal and the other rf signal . not really sure why but i guess the rf would be use if you mount this in a place where infrare can not transmit -lrb- in a ceiling case or behind a short header wall -rrb- . i love be able to retract this so the kid can not get to it . i love be able to hit a button to raise and lower the screen just for the `` wow '' factor when we have guest . the picture on this be beautiful . color be perfect . operation be flawless so far . the combination of this screen and the projector have put i around $ 1100 -lrb- with tax and shipping cost -rrb- for a picture that be almost 7 foot on diagonal . movie be awesome and watch the game have never be nicer . well worth the money .
935	Projector	POS	4	so i buy one of these after i read all the review and jsut have to see it for myself . it be advertise as hd 1080 so i figure how bad could it be ? i have have this projector for a week and i have determine that for what i pay it be really not bad . on my unit if you be not use a hdmus connection the picture be not great . with my directtv hd box and a 25 ' hdmi cable the picture be good at about a 72 '' x 72 '' square -lrb- it scale it to a 4:3 image-no widescreen -rrb- on a wall paint a burnt orange-i have a 70x70 screen on the way and imagine the picture will be nice for movie and sport . the fan be loud sit next to i on a table but mount on the ceiling not so much . the speaker of the unit be loud enough for a basement rec room but i plan on get some sort of sound system eventually . for 200 buck honestly i can not complain about it one bit . it be what be it a entry level projector . the picture be good for 200 i have a wall-sized tv and the sound be fine from the unit . use av cable the picture be not very good on my unit but i want it mainly for my hd box and occasional dvd 's and will just switch out the hdmi cable . as far as i can tell the only way to get a hd-type picture be with the hdmi cable .
953	Projector	POS	5	i be hesitant in buy a non familiar name favi , but by read the other review and what i be look for , this be the best bet . i be first impress by the packaging it come in . i read a few reviw where customer box be beat up and not work properly when the item first arrive . but with -lrb- retail ace -rrb- i be very happy with the packaging . second , i be impress by the quality of the product . the motor of the screen be very quiet . other customer have problem with the motor be too loud , but not with favus . after install the screen -lrb- which be very simple -rrb- i hook up my ps3 to it and see a dramatic difference in the quality . honestly im very happy with the screen and by purchase this great screen with such a great price you cant go wrong . dont get confuse by purcash the $ 500 + screen when you can get a great product at a great price !!!! merry christmas !
832	Projector	POS	4	i read lot of review about this product not good for optoma hd20 . i buy myself the optoma hd180 which be newer version of hd20 . from other review i short list problem in mount with the following : - too many screw option - unclear instruction on how to hook the thing up - very tight screw because of thick paint here be what i do and in the same order . - check out the manufacturer website , they have a 3d image of this product when assemble , this give i a understanding of what part do what and how the assemble product should look like , especially the adjustment arm at the bottom go in and out . - loosen all the adjustment screw not too loose enough to make part move -lrb- this be not easiest thing to do . have to use additional tool -rrb- - seperate the part that go into ceiling -lrb- will call it '' base holder '' -rrb- from the other part of mount -lrb- will call it bottom part -rrb- . this can be do by unbolt only one screw , call `` quick release '' . - hook up only 3 bottom part screw to hd180 -lrb- it have room for only 3 screw and one big one which i do not use , use the smallest screw include in the kit -rrb- - measure center of screen where i want and put the base holder to the ceiling with 2 drywall screw do not use the one in the kit -lrb- too big and need wrench -rrb- , use screw with screw head instead ; easier with power drill , make sure they can take 30 pound . - hung the projector `` bottom part '' to `` base holder '' with `` qucik release '' screw power it up to see where image be be project -lrb- need second person to hold projector in place -rrb- , tighten the screw with screen adjustment . - with all proj set to default adjust the screen for precise setup . take i 1.5 hr to get it up and run , most time consume be side way adjustment screw unloosening , make you doubt what way be the correct way to loosen . trick be to use a longer handle tool to unscrew it , i put a screwdriver on back of the hex that come with the kit and it move easily .
580	Projector	POS	4	i love the picture quality . i hate the lack of internal memory . it would be far better if they have more . i have have to get a mini sd card to add what it lack . other than that it be great to have here in afghanistan .
968	Projector	POS	5	this be a great projector . everything about it work easy and be great ! the only con i have be i wish it be a bit quieter but then again every other projector i have ever use be much noisier . casey
271	Projector	POS	5	i have purchase this projector with the accuscreen 85 '' diagonal 1:1 portable tripod screen and the ultra 300hi 24k hdmus cable , for the follow use , 1 . for display my pc for audio production and engineering purpose , this be vital to be able to see without strain especially when you look at fader on a mixer or when you be fine tuning you sound with eq . the quality this projector produce be unbelievable for the price . 2 . gaming , i be also a heavy ps3 gamer and this projector with the native resolution at 720p and the capability of the 1080p signal support , result in a true `` you have to be there '' experience . 3 . home theater , watch movie or netflix on this projector be just amazing . the clarity of the picture match with the vibrant color with the on board brilliant color option be amazing . you can fine tune red , blue , green , cyan , magenta , yellow and white give you the flexibility of create you own personal high definition view experience . out the box the preset color option be spot on , now i do have a slight problem with the red only from image that be high resolution , such as the light from a stop light in a movie would cast a shadow onto other object , but i resolve that issue by tuning the red color saturation . this projector be compact , quiet , durable , and efficient . i have run this projector for hour on end since i recieve it and it have not shut off or overheate . hand down the best investment i have make in a long time , with the flexibility of increase the image size base on the space you have and the image quality , you cant go wrong . why pigeon whole yourself to a fix size of a lead or lcd flatscreen , for the price of a decent 32-42in flat screen you can have this amazing projector that will have you , you family , and you friend beg for another movie or game to be play . absolutley incredible for the price !
566	Projector	POS	5	i recently purchase a refurbish benq 6100 from tiger direct for $ 749 , and be very happy with it so far . the picture quality render from my panasonic s47 progressive scan dvd player be excellent , especially with the component video-to-vga -lrb- or `` vesa '' -rrb- cable in use . with a pricetag of less than $ 1000 , there be absolutely no reason to spend thousand more on a plasma screen tv whose view area be appreciably smaller than the 6100 's typical project image , and whose picture quality may not be appreciably better -lrb- than the 6100 -rrb- . you just can not beat that `` at the movie '' feel of this projector , either . my wife and i relax with `` friday night theater '' now , at the end of the work week . it be just a nice way to get close , share a big bowl of popcorn , and be romantic again ! oh , and yes , i do see the `` rainbow '' effect from time to time , although my wife do not . it be too infrequent to be a significant source of distraction to i , and i just chalk it up to the develop technology . the 6100 employ a 3x speed color wheel . i have read that the 4x speed color wheel virtually eliminate rainbow altogether . when benq release a projector with price and performance comparable to the 6100 , but with the 4x color wheel , i would certainly like to try it . if you have , and be willing to spend , the $ 1000 for a home theater projector , and you videophile tendency be moderate -lrb- my downfall occur in the realm of the audiophile -rrb- , then the benq 6100 be `` just the ticket . '' update : 08\/21\/2006 correction : benq falsely advertize a 3x color wheel . the 6100 offer only the 2x . also , the 1500 lumen brightness be more like 700 -- more false and misleading advertizing . in addition , after about 400 hour -- spread out over the last 2 year ! -- i be notice a flicker on the screen that appear to be get more and more frequent . benq suggest that -lrb- a -rrb- i try another view mode -lrb- i only use the `` economy '' mode to save bulb life , so change it be sure to shorten bulb life -rrb- or -lrb- b -rrb- reseat the bulb . so far , i have try -lrb- a -rrb- , but i still see the flicker . i now pray each time i see the flicker that the bulb will not fail . that be 400\/3000 or only 13 % of advertized bulb life -lrb- !!! -rrb- and i be probably witness imminent bulb failure . know what i know now , i would never have buy the pb6100 projector . i would have spend a extra $ 400 and get the comparable infocus unit and no doubt would have at least as good a picture and a lot more bulb life to spare . `` buyer beware '' be the word of extreme caution here . benq should be take to court on this one . talk about a good purchase go sour ! sign the color wheel speed falsification petition online .
860	Projector	POS	5	these be great projector ! high quality and last a long time ! great for indoors and outdoor movie . i use it everywhere !
729	Projector	POS	5	i buy the screen for under $ 100 about 2 month ago . i use it with  epson powerlite home cinema 8350  i install it with the  da-lite t-bar scissor clip -lrb- 78445 -rrb-  the installation be pretty easy . i would definitely recommend this screen to those who be look to buy one on a budget .
315	Projector	POS	5	i love this projector ! it give a very bright display and do not require absolute darkness . very easy to use feature , but impossible to use if you only have a computer with usb port . i have to get rid of my all-in - one to use it .
409	Projector	POS	4	pretty happy with this upgrade version . use this toy mainly for watch streaming video movie from netflix . good for up to 40 in . on the wall in semi-dark env . link via s-video from laptop to composite video on the projector . buy a s-video to rca convertor . pro : - ultra compact - adjustable image size and color - always in focus - no noise con : - poor for view text -lrb- almost can not view any word in m word doc from vga docking to laptop -rrb- look forward for hd and brighter laser pico projector in the future .
716	Projector	POS	4	i think this be very good product for the money be a little disappointed when my tray do not fit - however - it be only two tray and the rest all fit so check the tray size \/ type and it will be a great product for you love the auto focus - also stick occasionaly but slide be all old so the happen - with all projector i think
605	Projector	POS	5	i read all the review and be skeptical that i could really get a high-end projector for the low price . i compare pricing to unit at bestbuy and costco , but this be really a great deal . i use the projector for power point presentation and also connect it to my laptop so we could watch a movie on the wall . very quick and easy to set up . i like that it be so small and compact . i buy a carry case separately , but it would have be nice if it be include , as the one i purchase be soft-sided and the cord be quite large for the pocket .
570	Projector	POS	5	5 minute out of box and watch a movie . the video quality be really good for how much we pay for it . it be project onto a paint wall and look better than many other projectors\/tvs i have see recently . at about 16 foot from the wall the picture be huge , maybe equally 16 foot . have the sound go through another receiver and speaker set up make it feel like be in a theater . my wife 's friend see it and think she would get one too . really happy with the purchase so far .
98	Projector	POS	5	this mount be simple , extremely well construct and fit the epson 8350 perfectly . i buy the one with the 8 '' extension but i do not need it as the 8350 picture adjust just fine be only a few inch from the ceiling . my projector be solid and sturdy . i would definitely recommend this mount .
607	Projector	POS	4	i be pleasantly surprise at this unit . it be not perfect , but for what it be it be great . first , the picture , and most important part of this unit . the picture be great . sure it be not as god as a big display unit , but for its compact size it work great . unfortunately there be not any picture control that i could find except for focus , so the picture you get be what you get . color be a little dull , but that might have to do with the darkness in the room too . it also have a build in speaker which be not the loudest , but better than nothing . you can always connect external speaker . the focus dial be great and i be able ego get the image very crisp at a large size , and smaller one . the unit itself be very light . definitely build for on the go . it have a little pop out stand that really do not raise the unit much and be almost useless . the include tripod be much better and work great once you get the leg at the right angle . the lack of extra feature make it very easy to use with on\/off\/volume controls\/focus , and that be about it . it do get warm pretty fast so you do want to use the tripod . it come with a bunch of accessory include outlet for various plug type , video cable , a case . you can use the vga cable to connect you computer which also have a audio plug connect to it , so no need to have a separate cable . i also try the ipod\/ipad connector and it work fantastic . i be even able to play purchase video from itunes , which i do not expect . i be not sure if every model come with the connector or if it be a extra buy on . while this unit be pricey , it be cheaper than a full size unit and definitely perfect for the person on the go with the light weight . this really be a nice unit .
609	Projector	POS	5	a lot of people give this projector horrible review , but you have to keep in mind it do cost less than $ 100 . yes the brightness be lack , but consider i get mine for $ 40 at target i can not compain . it be all about how you use and set it up . we use ours to turn we garage into a kind of a drive-in theater . we `` screen '' be a thick white shower curtain from a dollar store which be tape to the wall with white duct tape . a table be set up 10 ft away with the projector , the xbox we run through it , and the sound system . the sound the projector produce itself be pretty decent and be still audible over the fairly loud fan . we want more out of it though so i take a $ 60 radio with movable speaker i have lay around , fit it with indoor\/outdoor speaker , and run that through the projector . one of the first major problem we run into with the whole set up be the fact that you need it to be pitch black for a good picture , but it be in the garage and unfortunately people need light to see where they be go . so a lot of time be spend pause , slowly walk over to the light , turn it on and temporarily blind everyone , do what you need to do , shut off the light and slowly walk back to the couch because you be slightly more blind from turn the light on in the first place , sit and unpause . i remedy this by purchase two strand of red xmas light , and run one strand on each side of the screen , go along the wall away from the screen . this work amazingly well . it provide enough light to walk around and whatnot , but more importantly it do not effect the project picture at all . we find that orange work well too , but not as good as red .
913	Projector	POS	5	i guess i be just crazy for timex . this dual alarm clock be everything it claim it be . the setup could not have be easier , just plug it in . the alarm be also easy to set . i love the weekend setting as well . my favorite feature be the ceiling project time .
785	Projector	POS	4	even though the epson movie mate be a older version , it fit into my need perfectly . i have no problem with the seller . e-bay and amazon.com be a great service .
698	Projector	POS	5	very good product ... i it recommend i great taste . very good quality , i come rapidly and he quality be surprising . . i like it . . excellente imagen ... de verdad recomiendo su compra es muy bueno
918	Projector	POS	4	this be a very good projector mount . i have a very difficult install ahead of i -lrb- low basement ceiling , with a support beam block my projector view on the ceiling -lrb- i have to mount the project behind the beam to get my 106 '' image -rrb- . needless to say , this be not go to be a easy install to get the image line up without the beam interfere -lrb- and i have a dlp projector with not many placement option and limited zoom -rrb- . long story short , this mount work . i would have like the three twist screw that connect the projector to the mount to be more flexible without have the projector come loose -lrb- which it do a few time -rrb- . make the ever so fine adjustment be a bit difficult since i could not get a screwdriver in there be only a few inch below the ceiling . i eventually use a drill bit and vice grip to do the job . again , this be about a difficult install as you could probably do and this mount do the job . in most people 's install , you can adjust the arm alone and achieve great result ... i have to use everything i could do to get this to seat perfectly . i highly recommend the mount and i would be surprise if this could not meet you installation need . fit and finish be excellent and the mount will not budge once properly tighten -lrb- which be good because i do not look forward to adjust my projector anytime soon -rrb- .
87	Projector	POS	5	yes , you need a dark room and white backdrop , but it be awesome . i put this in my bedroom hook up to dish and to my computer . i play blu ray through it from my pc on arcsoft tmt or powerdvd and it look great . you have to put it on video mode and it will look good . i have it at about 140 '' and it look great . i have 7.1 audio and that with this projector play a bd make my room feel like a personal cinema . dark movie like harry potter 7 part one look fine but you must adjust the lighting in tmt to get it bright enough to see everything . it be very good for only be 170 buck . it be all i need to have for now , i love it . plus like i say , it hook up to my dish tv so i watch tv on it and it be better by far than my tv . i would say if you want a big screen and dont want to waste a thousand buck on a full hd lead flatscreen get this for a 170 buck and have a 140 '' screen everyone will love !!!
401	Projector	POS	5	i have have this projector for 2 month and have about 250 hour on it . it have be a great buy for we family . the picture quality have just blow we away . watch dvd 's and hd content be great and even during the day when we do have some light in the basement the picture be good . we can not wait for football season this fall . my friend and family can not believe that i be able to buy this projector for under $ 700 . btw . we be use a paint wall as we screen and have directv and ps3 , both connect with hdmus .
378	Projector	POS	4	the product be overall a good fit , but the bolt be not very long and the include drywall mount and screw be kinda of sad . we get some bigger and longer screw and mount it straight to the ceiling joist , and also use loctite on all of the bolt except the one go directly into the projector . the bolt do not always thread through enough to make i comfortable . the plate itself and the joint be well make and decent though . plus this mount be waaaay cheaper than other , and be customize for the unit .
532	Projector	POS	5	1080p , great picture , bulb be less expensive than with other projector . i be just amaze at this product and everyone that see it as well . bigger than expect but i would say bigger be better in this case . i buy projector screen material and make my own 120 '' screen . the material have a surface for the projector and be also black out cloth , so i mount the screen right over 2 window in my family room . i get the screen material from the seller dazianfabric on ebay !
252	Projector	POS	5	this be a great screen . i have have it in use for almost a year . i never get the adjustable height to work , but it be fine at factory default in the end . i just wish i would have go with the 120 '' instead of the 100 '' . my wife think 100 '' be fine though . it integrate with the universal remote and than make be even easier to use .
644	Projector	POS	5	i be look for a clock\/alarm that have a ceiling projector and soothing sound as the alarm . it have that and the add flashlight be a nifty idea too . it seem very well make , it be heavy so do not seem cheap . some have complain about the brightness of the clock face or projection on the ceiling but that do not bother i and i have the clock on the table right next to the bed . the soothing sound be ok . i keep alternate between they - have not find the one i really like . but maybe i just do not like wake up ! all in all this clock have the feature that i be look for .
970	Projector	POS	5	my family buy this projector for christmas of 2009 and we absolutely love it ! we have all of we entertainment device hook up to it include we dvd , hd cable television , game console , and even my wife 's htc - evo phone have play through it via hdmi cable ; it have become a true entertainment center . we have host bsu football party at we house -lrb- blue and orange have never look better -rrb- , the kid love to play the wii on the huge screen , and the money we have save not have to go to the theater have pay for the projector many time over . the image be good enough to watch in a daylight light room , yet really pop at night ! the contrast ratio be a little low , yet for the price of the machine it do not bother i . one downside be that although the lifespan of the bulb be rate for 4000-5000 hour , we have have two bulb so far that have not go past much more than 1000hr . though this have be disappointing , epson have really come through on they customer service in replace the bulb , twice , at no cost to i and receive it within a week of call customer support ; great job epson ! what persuade i to initially buy a epson projector be the price for what you get , and the great online review . what keep i as a customer be the phenomenal customer service epson have provide thus far . i would -lrb- and already have -rrb- recommend this projector to anyone look for one as a inexpensive yet effective way to setup a great home entertainment system .
751	Projector	POS	4	this projector have serve i well . i have two child , a four year old and a ten year old . both of they ask almost nightly if we be go to watch the projector . i have have the picture up to about 70 '' and find it quite watchable . it do look like you be watch through a screen door , and it be a tad blurry . we pay $ 25 for the device on clearance at we local drugstore and be very happy with it . we have use it inside and out . it be a real treat use it outside . we spend the evening on the lawn next to the campfire watch movie with the family . i set up a dvd to make it feel like a authentic drive-in movie and make popcorn . the kid be thrill . i only wish we have this thing when i be a kid . if you be lucky enough to pick this up for less than $ 50 i would say do not hesitate . we be consider buy a better one , but only because we have so much enjoyment from this one first .
741	Projector	POS	5	quick delivery , come in excellent condition , great feature , powerful and of great quality projector . its beeing use in a church and have be a blessing .
845	Projector	POS	4	compare to the price , this projector be the best one . the only problem i have notice in this projector be the picture be a bit grainy . but not too much .
365	Projector	POS	5	great picture quailty , look just as good as my lcd , people think i spend way more on it , i do have to lower the brightness to not wash the color out but it take no time to set up . would buy again
491	Projector	POS	4	the screen arrive well package and protect . it be easy to extract from the wrapping with a box cutter . it be also easy to hang . the first thing i do be throw a blu-ray movie onto the screen , and it look fantastic -lrb- paired with a 1080p epson projector -rrb- . con : none -lrb- 1 week of use , so far -rrb- .
672	Projector	POS	4	this projector be great value for money , i live in the caribbean , and have it ship , the only thing that i have a concern about be the delivery time frame . it take 30 day to get here , but it do not say that before i make the purchase . it say that only after you purchase and get the delivery information . this projector be awesome for it price range . it be best use in total darkness though , my kid and i have use it for movie and video game but it be better use for movie because it do not handle text very well even on the lower resolution . caption and subtitle show very well though .
864	Projector	POS	5	wow this thing be fantastic !!! i love it !!! just get do watch the supper bowel with family and freind in my man cave , the projector exceed my expectation ! wife and i also watch a movie on it last night . you cant go wrong for the price !
669	Projector	POS	4	this projector work great right out of the box . . hook up the dish drv , xbox , blu ray and look great . thought about a native 1080 , but for the half the price you can not go wrong . . throw a 140 '' image from 18 foot . . kid be happy and so be i. .
138	Projector	POS	4	watch movie and play game in 3d on a wall-size screen will blow you away ! i replace my old benq projector with it . it be connect to my pc via 10-meter vga cable . i be think about put new wire through ceiling , which would be pain . fortunately the 3d work at 1280x700@120hz even with this vga cable which amaze i . you dont have to enable 3d mode in projector setting for it to work . just make sure you nvidium control panel can switch into 120hz mode and back -lrb- i have a issue with it not recognize 1280x700 mode as native and not be able to kick into 120 hz mode so i have to add custom resolution from within the panel -rrb- . another thing be , you have to be in projector only mode -lrb- in win 7 just press windows + p to bring up display mode selection -rrb- for 3d to work properly . but once you get it go in 3d , the effect be so wonderful that you quickly forget about the set up bump . the downside , as usual , be the price of 3d shutter glass .
230	Projector	POS	5	i want a cheap led movie projector . i first order the optoma pt100 , but there be a number of problem : color be not accurate , would not stay in focus , etc. . the acer k11 be excellent : the color be accurate , the picture be bright enough . i be hesitant to order it because of reviewer who find the fan noisy . i do not think fan noise be excessive , especially when the projector be set in `` video '' mode . this projector do everything it claim to do . with a power draw of only 83 watt and a 30 000 hour bulb light , it be a economical device . its compact size make it portable . i also buy a $ 10.00 tripod to set it on , a 80 inch epson duet screen , and a jvc thba1 soundbar . for a total of $ 630.00 $ , i get a nice portable system .
148	Projector	POS	5	this be a really nice product at a great price point . installation be a breeze . i just wish that the controller box be able to be switch to the leave instead of the right . -lrb- this be due to my particular installation -rrb- . other than that , it be well worth the cost .
480	Projector	POS	4	great picture great price . picture doesnt fade when light be turn on . the bad thing about this projector be no button on the projector -lrb- just a remote -rrb- and no audio source ! i return it because of this reason .
682	Projector	POS	4	clock arrive promptly and in good condition . easy to set up and all feature work great . one tip regard the special battery back up be that it do still wake you up if the power go out but do not maintain the display for time . minor issue . clock be great overall .
404	Projector	POS	5	i be skeptical as to whether a product at that price point could deliver the goods . well , i be pleasantly surprize when i see it in action . easy to set up , and spectacular picture quality .
346	Projector	POS	5	i love this thing , less than a grand and the screen be massive . picture be extremely bright and clear . i have put about 500 hour on it so far with no problem , i would definitely recommend this to anyone willing to forgo 1080p and save a few grand .
851	Projector	POS	4	got this with a 92 '' optoma manual screen . install to the ceiling and love the picture . so far the only issue i be have be that sometimes -lrb- random -rrb- when i power up the projector and fio converter box i get a overly red image on the screen . i have work at adjust the color , etc. but that do not help . generally , i need to shut down one or both product and power up again in order to get the picture color correct - why i give it 4 star . otherwise , i have no complaint . have anyone else encounter this issue ? i plan to contact optoma regard this . like all previous post this be a great product , produce a fantastic picture -lrb- for the $ $ -rrb- and now with the announcement from optoma a few day back of a 3d converter that will work with 3d blu-ray player and 3d tv broadcast this will be a very hot item for sure . all we 'll need will be more 3d broadcast and dvd available .
12	Projector	POS	4	for people who want the extra size view without the weight or price of the alternative ...  picture quality - xga be beautiful ; most people should be very pleased . daylight and other light source outside of the projector do affect the viewability of the picture , but it be not extreme . dark part of movie or game may be harder to see during the day . different setting - economic , presentation , vivid , video may improve the picture . during dark hour , no problem exist , even in economic mode .  my main reason for go this route for my home theater be to tie the unit in with my computer . i previously install a tv tuner card and a dvd burner in my home-assembled computer . since most projector , include the benq , have a vga input port -lrb- the 6200 even come with the cable -rrb- , the connection could not be simpler . i also use a 4-input switchbox to handle my vhs player , xbox and anything else that come along -lrb- for example , a regular dvd player , a tv , my son 's gamecube etc. -rrb- i set my computer to 1280x1024 which the benq can handle , compress it to 1024x768 .  tips -  1 -rrb- placement if you own you home , you could work a ceiling mount . i use a very reasonably price etagere .  2 -rrb- screen i can not comment on how good a white wall work , because mine be not white . i make my own 4:3 ratio screen from 1x2 dougla fir and 2 yd of 54 '' wide blackout cloth -lrb- from a regular fabric store -rrb- . many people on the internet offer advice on how to do it . mine be quite light . i use two plastic anchor and extra long screw to hold the bottom edge of the top of the frame on the wall . since many alternative for a screen drive up the price of a economical `` luxury '' system , they be not for i .  3 -rrb- bulb -lrb- lamp -rrb- with a lifespan of 2000-3000 hour and the price of a replacement currently run at $ 400 , i be picky about when i plan to use the projector tv - only for special event -lrb- when i get a hdtv tuner card for the computer , i might feel differently -rrb- ... video game - often ... movie - virtually every time ... computer\/internet - occasionally when any of these source be well do , one be interested on any size screen .  4 -rrb- sound the benq only handle the video signal . i be use my computer sound card , which can handle 5.1 sound . with my quality 5.1 speaker , i be in home theater heaven . which bring to my last item , where i could use a tip .  5 -rrb- wire with the benq projector i have a power cord , a vga cable , a s-video cable , and a composite video cable . add to that all the cable for the aforementioned item , and you have cable jungle - guarantee not to please any woman that i know . i plan to handle part of it with throw rug . as for the rest ... help !  lastly , i need to mention two thing . first , benq be come out soon with a replacement for the 6200 with the latest dlp chip from texas instruments . second , the 6200 keep track of how many hour that it have be use , which you can monitor from its menu program . it will warn as the hour limit approach and actually refuse to start at 3000 hour , until you replace the lamp .
590	Projector	POS	5	great video , great size , great quality . as everybody else i think it need a audio-out connection . the built-in speaker be basically useless , but its better than nothing . i be very pleased with the product . totally recommend . sorry for bad english .
808	Projector	POS	4	it be not the brightest projector but it work well in a dark room . i use this for `` drive in movie night '' on my garage and it work great . it really shine up close though with the image under 55 '' or so . most people probably buy this for business or some practical purpose but i buy it just to use with my tablet for play game or watch movie while camping , etc. . the only downfall i have find be that it be way dimmer when run on battery and it wont last long enough for a full movie . i wish there be a external battery system for it that would allow it to work on full brightness for 3 + hour . if you be look for a tiny projector that can be use anywhere , this be the best i could find and i be very happy i buy it .
327	Projector	POS	5	this be just what i need for presentation with a great price point ... can connect anywhere ... the only glitch i have be the need for a adapter cord to connect to my macbook and the sale people do not give i that piece of info even though i inquire about mac compatibilty . the projector work great ... i love not have to wait for it to cool down after use before store .
652	Projector	POS	5	i have be use this projector for 6 month now . not just for movie but regular tv -lrb- also hdtv -rrb- and xbox 360 . i have about 600 hour on the bulb . a few time the unit do not want to turn on and i think the bulb have burn out -lrb- see other review -rrb- but i let it sit for a couple of minute and it turn on with no problem . in my opinion , dvd 's , xbox and the hd channel be project beautifully ! i never know a projector could look so good . with the price of this projector continually fall , the deal just get better and better . my neighbor spend $ 3,500 on a 50 '' plasma , i do not think he picture -lrb- hd -rrb- be any better than mine and less than half the size -lrb- my screen be a 120 '' widescreen -rrb- . i spend a total of $ 2,400 for my projector , screen and cable . even if i have to buy 2 bulb a year it will take over 2 year before i equal what he pay and i have still get twice the screen size ! i 'll take that anytime !! we be very happy with this unit , quiet , clear picture , better price ! update : we use this projector for over three year , no issue with bulb at all . first one last nearly 2 year . still on the second one . i highly recommend this projector !
898	Projector	POS	5	do not get i wrong , there be room for improvement but for the price tag this little projector deliver . let 's start with the sound , i agree this projector do not have audio out , but this be not a issue with i , when use hdmus with my laptop because you can use smart audio software to disable the projector audio and send the sound straight to you laptop speaker or external speaker plug in to you laptop . i have windows 7 and use a p500 toshiba satellite laptop . i be able to connect this use a hdmus cable to both my directv hd receiver and laptop w\/hd and get 1080i picture with a 100 + '' 16:9 widescreen within approximately a 15 to 17 foot distance . if you can afford something more expensive i would say go for it , if you be look for true 720p or 1080p hd . however if you be on a tight budget this little projector be great and the picture do not disappoint even for hd . i be so happy i settle for this and do not spend so much more to get a hd -lrb- label -rrb- projector . this be very portable and i be use a regular camera tripod as a stand , and the whole experience be just awesome .
694	Projector	POS	5	i be very impress by this little projector . it will not take the place of the multi-thousand-dollar home theater projector , but if you be plan on use this around the house , you 'll be please . the first thing i notice be that it feel fairly lightweight , but the build quality be still good pretty good . it be not swim with input port , but it have one of all the basics , so it be nothing a adapter or splitter\/switcher can not fix . i run the hdmus to a receiver that provide the extra port i need for my google tv\/xbox\/etc . , so the lack of extra hdmus port be not a issue for i , but it be something you 'll need to be aware of . i do not have a screen yet , but have be project against a fairly flat\/smooth offwhite wall . with the light off and the shades draw , the output be pretty impressive . the bright color be vibrant and sharp and the dark area be nearly as dark as they can be while be project against a wall in a room with some light bleed from outside . air quality seem to be important too , we living room be near we kitchen and when we be cooking and there be smoke or steam in the air , even a bit , the light get a little more scatter . it be not a huge deal and you 'll probably only notice if you be look for it , and it be not unique to this projector , though a projector with better black will reduce this a bit . when i get a actual screen and seal up the blind a little better to reduce light come in from outside , i 'll update this review with my thought . i be a little disappointed that it be 720p , but at the distance you 'll use and watch it , 720p be adequate , especially for what this item cost . i do not know if upgrade to another projector at 1080p for $ 300-400 more be actually worth it . this thing also run very quiet so far , i have have experience in the past with projector that sound like they be cool with leafblower , so this little guy have be pleasant . all-in-all i be impressed with the power of this projector , especially for the price range .
415	Projector	POS	5	i have try less expensive bulb from other place . i either return they because they do not work or they last half the lamp time of this one . the lamp i get from amazon work the first time and actually last 3-4000 hour of view time . will not buy a lamp anywhere else .
278	Projector	POS	4	i buy this projector largely on the basis of cost -lrb- about $ nz1000 cheaper than anything equivalent -rrb- and be generally please with it . the lightness of construction be a bit of a worry : i be use to sanyo projector with magnesium alloy body but this have a plastic case and part such as the plastic height adjustment leg do not look too robust to i . the remote control be tiny , and provide minimal functionality . my old thinkpad , use for run the machine , lack a usb port , so i can not work the computer mouse through the projector remote , but the remote be so tiny and fiddly i would not want to anyway . but although at first sight it all look a little flimsy , closer examination show it be well put together and so far , it seem quite hardy enough . it be certainly very light . there be a basic but useable soft case .  set up be easy and the documentation be excellent . focus and zoom be only manual but in practice this do not matter and in fact i find it faster and easier than electronic control . there be limited connectivity : enough for one pc and 1 video but that be all i -lrb- and i think 95 % of user -rrb- need and i will not be rush out to buy the optional enhance connectivity module . the image quality be very acceptable . for powerpoint presentation the image be clear and bright , and can be use in a very well light room . text in 20 point georgia -lrb- gold on blue -rrb- could be read from more than 50 foot away . although it be only svga i have project word and excel document quite readably to small audience . video be adequate . the video image lack some of the color depth and contrast of other projector , even one with a lower ansi-luman rating but it be smooth and quite sharp .  overall , a very adequate , easy to use , basic projector that do the job and at the price , be very good value for money .
460	Projector	POS	5	the new projection lamp come in as request and within the estimate delivery date . i install the lamp but have difficulty get a picture from the tv so i call technical support at sony and they walk i through the issue . there be a door on the side of the tv in which the lamp be insert . if that door be not shut a certain way , there be a sensor that will not allow the tv to turn on . after that the tv work just fine . the lamp be a great deal and i definitely would do this again .
642	Projector	POS	4	my old home theater room have my projector on the table , very low class , now i this mount and my home theater be sweet ! very professional look . my wife really like it .
247	Projector	POS	4	it be now 2007 and i buy this projector in 2003 and it be still run strong . i use it to watch tv and dvd . about half a year ago the bulb pop and i have to replace it . this be expect to happen at some point , but hp do not make it very easy to order the bulb online , you have to call and then they can not find the part etc. . and it be quite expensive -lrb- $ 500 -rrb- . the only other complaint i have be the noise level of the fan . ohter than that it run perfectly and very reliably and have never fail i .
156	Projector	POS	5	i be look for a projector to show harry potter for my son birthday and to watch movie outdoors this summer and my brother , who also own this model , say to try this one out because he love it . well he be right . the picture in a dark room be incredible . we have show it on the wall and on the epson duet projector screen -lrb- which be pretty cool too -rrb- . we have watch the final four -lrb- from a dish network receiver -rrb- , shrek 4 -lrb- from a samsung blue ray player -rrb- , legends of the guardian -lrb- from the ps3 -rrb- , and tron -lrb- from a dish network receiver -rrb- . the color be all incredible and the black level be great . the only minor issue i have be that the projector would not find my samsung blue ray player with a 25 ft hdmus cable , but it would with a 10 ft cable . not a projector issue i be sure as the 25 ft cable work with the projector and the ps3 . in a well light room the projector look okay -lrb- obviously not as good as when the room be dark -rrb- . with a little light filter into the room , the projector still look really good . i also adjust setting accord to one of the other review and it seem to make the picture even better than it look out of the box -lrb- which be still really good -rrb- . if you need a great little projector at a great little price , go for it .
451	Projector	POS	5	screen arrive undamaged which be the main fear i have , have to pay to ship it back for a rma would have suck . but that be not the case it arrive in perfect condition and be pack well . installation and setup be simple . quality be good , do not feel cheap or flimsy . come with 2 battery power remote and a wall mount unit . the wall mount unit look kind of ugly mount on the wall with two thick white cable come out of it -lrb- especially with dark gray wall -rrb- but really no other way around that unless you run power through the ceiling . picture quality be much better with the screen than the wall i be previously project on , cant really compare it with other screen but the picture quality seem fine to i . screen speed up\/down be slightly slower than expect , not a big deal though its all the way down by the time the projector finish start up . also relatively quiet as far as motor noise go . finally i be able to program it into my logitech harmony remote with no problem , add it to a activity and make it the first thing to fire . it will be down by the time the projector warm up and up by the time everything else shut off . really cant beat it for the price , plus free shipping with amazon prime . would definitely buy again or recommend to a friend .
474	Projector	POS	5	i admit i be a bit worried when i read the review that a buyer do not get the screen deliver . originally , the projector\/subwoofer arrive in a single box without a screen . it be ups ' fault , however , since the screen be deliver in a separate container as a separate shipment -lrb- and they return later that day with the package when they realize they mistake -rrb- . the unit be very impressive and we have have many guest come over to watch movie . i like the four different color mode which accomodate different level of ambient light -lrb- from a moderately-well light room to complete blackness -rrb- . we have successfuly connect we xbox and even we video ipod with surprisingly decent result . however , if you wish to connect you computer , you will have to use a computer-monitor-port to s-video\/rca-video port adapter -lrb- like dazzle , etc. -rrb- . this product be well worth the cost as i have be look to create a home theater for over a year and have resign myself to spend 3x to 5x as much . besides spend less than i plan , by be portable , the moviemate have allow i to show movie in way i do not original intend . we kid recently have `` movie night '' outside with the image show against the garage door and invite the neighborhood kid . this all-in-one package have be a delight ! i highly recommend the moviemate 25 !
635	Projector	POS	5	please make sure to wait until this go on sale ... save yourself a lot of money . okay , i buy this awhile ago , but in that time i have have a chance to do some research , so i think i would share with you just in case you want to get one of these for you home . i will compare the moviemate 60 with the 72 . the moviemate 60 be a newer version of they popular moviemate unit , but it be not hd like the 72 be . here be the catch though , the picture on the 60 actually work better in a bright room because the lumen -lrb- the measure stick for how bright the image be -rrb- be at about 2000 , and the 72 -lrb- which be older -rrb- be at 1200 . here 's how this affect you when you watch a movie : i play the same scene from toy story 2 ... it be a scene that take place in a dark room , with woody walk around and stuff all over the place . i set up both the 72 and the 60 in my daughter 's room , with sunlight flood the wall i project the image on . the difference be remarkable . the 72 's image be almost completely wash out , but the 60 's image be very visible . also , the 60 be more compact , have a handle and a carry case . the 72 be huge -lrb- by comparison -rrb- , have no case -lrb- well , amazon sell one , but it be about -lrb- ... -rrb- ! -rrb- , and have no handle . use-wise , both unit be remarkable in they ease of set up and operation . and the sound from both will not give you surround sound , but they work very well . so , if you plan to have the unit set up in pretty much one place , in a dark room , and you want hd , the 72 may be for you . however , if you need portablility and want something you can show in even well light room , the 60 be hand down the winner . p.s. i buy the 72 after i have the 60 for awhile , and this be the result of much hand-wringing and work to try and justify keep both unit ... hehe ! but i do end up return the 72 .
983	Projector	POS	5	time to install : 1h tool require : drill + bit -lrb- for mount hole -rrb- , metric hex key ease of installation : medium -lrb- read the manual make all the difference -rrb- satisfaction with final installation : high i buy this mount to ceiling mount my viewsonic cine1000 dlp projector and find this kit to be perfect . i have a low , sloping ceiling with expose beam in my entertainment\/multi-media room , so the 6-axis adjustability , couple with the low profile , really help to turn the projector from a obstruction to a asset ! a couple of note from my installation experience : 1 . plan out you installation before start - this will save you oodles of time and prevent you from install and then re-installing 2 . dry-fit the projector to the mount bracket before mount it to the ceiling to make sure that it will hold you projector the way you want it 3 . have a friend help when you need to mount the projector to the ceiling bracket - it will make alignment much faster 4 . think about how the wire be go to run to the projector once you be do so you can incorporate the right length of conduit side note - i be a engineer , so i do not get frustrate with all of the adjustment and mount hole as some other reviewer do ... instead it be a wonderful little puzzle to do . however , i can see how people could get frustrated , so dry fit the assembly first : -rrb-
113	Projector	POS	4	i have have this igo projector for a few week now and it be pretty impressive for it be size . that say , the room have to be dimly light for a crisp picture . i purchase it for presentation when i be on the road and the conference room lack a projector . it seem like it will serve this purpose well . it would not be a very good choice as a primary projector in a business setting due to the low picture brightness . the projector come with mini hdmus cable and micro adapter , but no vga cable . i have search for the vga cable that supposedly exist and can not find it . since flip the maker of the projector be purchase by cisco who then discontinue the line , i doubt i 'll ever find one . not a big deal if you laptop have hdmi out capability . also , when i connect this projector to my droid charge 's mini hdmus port it will show the mirror screen for a second , then restart the phone . that be probably not the projector 's issue , but i be able to mirror the phone on tv with hdmus in . if you want a small projector to take on the road for business or for watch movie at home this be about as good as it get for the price .
665	Projector	POS	5	as amazing as this sound i assure you its true . i set the resolution on my pc as 1280x720 , the projector seem to automatically scale that down to its own native resolution . it look almost identical to the screen i see in my local cinema . the difference be it can not do more than 144 inch well it can but it start to get a little blurry after that . it show amazing at 100 inch !!!! somehow no matter how big you make the screen the quality still remain amazing . the brightness be very good also . now i be speaking of the dark . if you want to view it with light on you be gonna have to move it close to do about 23 inch screen . that be if you want a very bright screen . it can do a extremely bright 23 inch screen . but for 42 inch etc be prepare to wait till night time . however at night it show marvelous even at 100 inch . i still can not get over the quality , this thing look just like my friend 's 720p hd projector when play movie only that he one be much brighter . but i prefer a dimmer projector with a bulb you never have to replace over the brighter one that require a new bulb every year . and that the beauty of this one . you get 20,000 hour . the maximum screen size i have be able to get from it that be viewable be about 150 inch . i wait till night and shine it on my neighbor 's house . it be literally as big as a cinema screen . however the image be a little bit blurry at 150 inch . i think 150 be the absolute limit anything bigger than that will require more brightness and a overall better lens and resolution etc. . however it should be note 150 inch be massive !!!!!!!!!! jesus its as tall as i . larger than life . in close just buy this thing and you will see for yourself . it can definitely compete with a 42 inch hdtv when play movie . its very colorful etc this thing be amazing . anyone who rate this less than 5 star who do not have a defective product be a total douche bag . because the bottom line be this thing be $ 179 . if you be expect a 1080p world class projector that can do 400 inch then i be sorry to disappoint you but you be go to be disappoint . go and spend $ 15,000 on a sony projector you will get the best . only negative apart from need pure darkness and pure white wall for cinema experience which be expect of any projector anyways , anyways besides that only negative be you need to move the projector far far back to get big picture . it have no manual zoom . so at 10 foot you will get about 72 inch . however you will not want to go back after you see it at 100 inch .
657	Projector	POS	5	i select this projector base on discussion with my two child , both of whom have projector . i be most concerned about the ability to project through ambient light as this be cite as the most annoying problem they have experience . my projector be situate about 25 foot from the screen and light stream into the room through two french door and two sky light . the benq w6000 easily handle this and project a highly watchable 12 ft picture . of course during the evening with the light turn down the picture rival and in many case be better than what you will find in you average neighborhood theater . its get just about every connector port imaginable include vga , 2xhdmi , rca video , component and s-video . this projector may be more expensive than a lot of the projector available but it be well worth the extra price . i pay about $ 300 more from amazon than it be now be offer for and i feel it be a bargain at that price . now it be even more affordable .
430	Projector	POS	4	the light blow out on my projector . this product be exactly as specify and just what i need . quick delivery time . thank you
423	Projector	POS	5	if you be read this chance be you already a tech-head and know most of the specifics regard projector . i be in it and be quite pleased so far with this model-for the price , you can not go wrong . although it be not `` full-hd '' , it be a fantastic multimedia gaming projector . i have it hook up to my custom build pc and via 1.3 hdmus and run nvidia 3d on it . i think this be where this product truly shine and if you be plan on integrate this into a pc setup for gaming and blu-ray , you be look at the right model in my opinion . and there now down to $ 560 ! this be a fantastic deal at $ 610 when i buy mine 3 month ago !
985	Projector	POS	5	the picture be great , i be really impressed . this by far beat my first projector , that i purchase last year .
884	Projector	POS	5	this be my first projector . all i can say be wow . i use this projector for everything . it be my computer monitor and my tv . i go from a 28 '' lcd computer monitor that i be happy with to this projector which i be thrill with . there be nothing like play a game and fight a 6 ' troll that be actually 6 ' on the screen ! my big concern with buy a projector be clarity and screen refresh rate . dvd , blu-ray , netflix all show clear and beautiful . fp and online rpg like wow and eq2 be all clear and smooth . there be no bluring , artifact , or lag from this projector . the bad ... black level . they be not terrible but at some time the dark or black area be a little wash out . this be in a totally dark room . it be also be project on super-white photo paper -lrb- diy screen -rrb- . for the lower cost of this projector and the longer bulb life i can easily live with this . also , text be sometimes a little blury . not a lot , just a tiny pinch . but it may not be the projector . clean the lens with proper lens cleaner clear some of it and i may need to look into a new screen or tighten my current one -lrb- it seem to be a bit difficult to get the diy paper screen perfectly sag and wrinkle free -rrb- over all i love this projector . update : after 1044 hour on the bulb -lrb- 9 month -rrb- it go dim for a day then go out with a pop . epson be easy to contact . i send they a email . the next day they send i a email ask specific question , one of which be my address . two day later i have a new bulb . free of hastle , free of charge .
202	Projector	POS	5	el equipo llego a tiempo a miamus , muchas gracias por sus servicios y por la atencion prestada , espero poder contar con ustede en el futuro .
248	Projector	POS	4	i have be use a projector as my main big screen for about 10 year but when i move from a old house with high ceiling to a new place with a really low ceiling in the basement tv room , i have to find something else . i get this and a nearly flush ceiling mount and it do the trick . i can sit behind the projector rather than have it in the back of the room . i get about a 55 inch screen at only thee foot away . i use it for both cable tv and xbox kinect game . this be the lowest price short throw projector i have see that accept hdmi cable which be a plus . the only star off be for the volume control . it be not infinitely variable ; it just go up 1,2,3,4 etc. so it he difficult to adjust to the right level for some program . i will probably run it though a amp to fix this . oh yeah it have a `` high altitude mode '' i have never even hear of that before but since i live at 4,600 foot , i guess i 'll give it a try .
343	Projector	POS	5	let i start by say i like to buy american as much as possible . with that say ... i see no american company that can match the price of this quality product . the screen be bright and full size as advertise . the review that i read be dead on in regard to the 5 star rating . i have to wait about a month to get it as they be all sell out even from favi . the screen do curl slightly on either edge as -lrb- i guess -rrb- all non-tension screen do . however the black border be wide enough that it do not affect the picture at all . the motor be a little noisey and the screen seem to go up and down slowly . however at $ 163 for a 92in electric projection screen -lrb- deliver -rrb- you cant complain -lrb- i know i just do -rrb- . when people come into my theater roon -lrb- convert basement -rrb- they think i win the lottery and spend a mint on a new home theater . truth be tell i have less invester in my 92in , 7.1 , blu-ray system then i do in my 42in plasma 5.1 dvd system in my living room . so i guess except for support a china base product i love it so far . and yes when i be hungery and out of work i will need to eat my projector , projector screen and most of my other electronics ... still cant beat the price - deliver ...
144	Projector	POS	4	edit # 3 : back to a great review : -rrb- while complain on twitter about my projector , @optomausa see it and contact i about fix my projector . long story short , they fix it at no cost to i , other than ship it to they . this be a great gesture consider the warranty have be out for 6 month . i hope to get more than a year out of the replacement chip . edit # 2 : to be exact , i have 475 hour on this projector . edit : well , with just a little over a year on this projector and still the original bulb , i have in excess of 50 dead pixel on my screen . very disappoint with this projector and very hard to watch thing with a constellation in you way . even at $ 500 for this projector , it be not worth it if it only last a year . previous review : i buy this projector after my dell 2300mp die a inexplicable death . i really do not think you could get a decent project for under $ 1k , but boy be i wrong . the picture on this projector be great . there be a little bit of detectable noise in the picture , but i be not sure if it be because i be feed it from a 20ft long vga cable and not hdmus . i plan on replace the cable eventually with a hdmus one . i be use this projector on a mythtv frontend . it be run in 1280x800 mode -lrb- it be actual native resolution -rrb- and it display hdtv perfectly . it be quick to find the signal when turn on . it be quick to turn off . although the picture display quick , it take a minute or two for the bulb to project in the right color cast . also , when first power on , the fan be very noticeable , but once the picture stabilize -lrb- 1 minute or so -rrb- , the fan speed kick down and it be fairly quiet . my previous screen -lrb- for my dell -rrb- be too small so i end up smooth out the wall and painting over it with white paint . even though it be not project on a proper screen , the color be still great and the contrast be very good . so , if you want to have a good home theater and you really do not want to spend a lot of money , this projector should be on the top of you list .
28	Projector	POS	5	i have have this projector for four week and it work like a champ . the noise level be average , but everything else about the projector be top notch . my image be 129 '' diagonal and the 1080p\/1080i image be crystal clear . if ceiling mount be sure to have the projector properly center as it do not come with lens shift . compare to other projector in this price range it be hard to beat with the number of lumen , lamp life , and the length of the warranty .
45	Projector	POS	4	my wife use it for enlarge artwork : she sketch at a convenient size , photograph the sketch , and the project the image onto a large canvas for trace . the device be handy and adequately bright to project a enlarged image in a well-lighted work area and be truly perfect for the application . the device ship with a simple quick-start guide , but the full manual be available for download from 3m ; have the manual be a comfort but it be really unnecessary unless there be a malfunction with the device . it would get five star except for a couple of negative : 1 -rrb- operation be intermittent apparently due to a bad battery connection ; however amazon replace the original unit within five day of be notify 2 -rrb- while it support jpeg apparently there be jpeg and then there be jpeg : my wife use two camera , a nikon slr and a nikon pocket camera ; image from the slr transfer via computer to the device with no problem , but image from the pocket camera give a `` format not support '' message . the workaround be simple , just run the image through any photoshop-like application to reformat it and it work fine but it be puzzling that the problem exist at all . as state in other review , this device be not really suitable for project presentation for group , but i would highly recommend it for any more intimate setting such as display of photograph to a friend -lrb- set it on a table and project onto a sheet of white cardboard work fine -rrb- and it be absolutely perfect for my wife 's art application .
824	Projector	POS	5	first , i use this with a mitsubishi hc 1500 dlp projector , which be a great first projector -lrb- i get it in my initial foray into home projection -rrb- , and which amazon offer as a deal with this mount . if you be think of go the front projector route , this be a good deal\/pairing - all you need be a good-quality screen and a 5.1 system and you be ready to rock . this mount work fantastic with the mitsubishi hc1500 -lrb- which be a 3-screw upsidedown mounter -rrb- - i be extremely impressed with its steadiness , now that it be up on my wall and hold my projector . as other have note , the direction to this mount be pretty confusing\/worthless , but after look at the instruction , and the box , and some on-the-fly experiment , i basically have the mount together -lrb- attach to the projector -rrb- in about 10-15 min . then maybe about another 15-20 min to get it up on the wall and do some fine-tuning of the joint and setting -lrb- i.e. centering\/height , image invert , correct keystone , etc -rrb- . the really good thing about this mount be that it can move in several direction , on several axis , so it be very versatile and will work with either a ceiling or wall situation - just find a wall stud or a beam and you be in business . i actually mount the bracket on my wall , instead of my ceiling , due to the weird layout of my screening room . the allen screw really hold firmly once you tighen they - this be a lightweight yet very solidly construct mount . hat off to whoever engineer this thing . tip : when you install , it definitely help to have 2 people , as fine-tuning the joint may require loosen more than one allen at a time , so someone may need to steady the projector as the other tighten the allen screw . but it be a minor point - once this bracket be up , it be up to stay and there be no question in my mind i get the right mount . highest recommendation - it really help i pull my screening room together in a quality way .
296	Projector	POS	5	maybe its a newer version , but my mount include clear instruction on how to use . it work perfectly for my optoma hd66 which have the same size hookup as the hd20\/65\/180 . i would definitely recommend .
768	Projector	POS	5	we order this because we older tv finally give out on we . i have to say that i be extremely pleased with this product . if there be some light in the room the picture be still very good . i would not say hd quality but it be a projector what do you expect . in a dark room hook up to we hd box the image project on we plain wall be better than the hd tv we buy a couple year ago !! it really be a great product . i imagine that with a screen behind it during the day would make the quality of the picture better . i would recommend this to anyone . for the price especially you can not beat it .
370	Projector	POS	5	i buy this mount after read the review and be a little edgy about it because of the `` one star '' review i read that say it might just drop from the ceiling ... well before i hang my projector from it i actually grab onto it and hang with the full 140lbs of my body weight and it slip about 1\/4 '' and then caught . i notice that if you turn the slide height adjustment bar upside down it will slip off so make sure you put that bar on the right way -lrb- try it both way , the right one will be obvious -rrb- if you install it correctly you really cant beat this for the money . it be a must that you be somewhat mechanically incline . . if you unsure , have a friend on hand for second opinion and to help you hold everything steady . once its up its easy to make adjustment and it look sweet !
18	Projector	POS	5	for $ 500 , you can get a 7 foot wide high quality image onto a diy blackout screen . you must darken the room , use the component connection and rout the audio to a separate receiver or stereo . it do take some savvy to get thing right . you should also mount this to the ceiling . that cut down on noticeability of the fan noise and mean you can sit right underneath it , which be the best seat in the house . so , you need a 25 ft cable , and a ceiling mount -lrb- $ 150 ? -rrb- . although you can make that yourself . do i say wow , yet ? the sharpness be very good , although you will see screen door if you sit too close and\/or the image be too big . but i do not see screen door with the image 6 foot wide , with i 10 foot back . and you should not be closer than that anyway . you might be bother by the rainbow effect , with b&w; movie , sometimes . otoh , i notice it as soon as i get it , but it be never bother i . you should not be flicker you eye back and forth fast when watch a movie anyway . the best thing be the color and black . the image have a soft quality that be great for movie , less good for sport . the difference between my home theater and the multiplex be that the plex have a even bigger screen and the color on it be a bit more saturated . but these front projector offer the same type of experience as the real movie . do not bother connect a ground cable signal to the projector via a vcr , the image be not good enough for the projector quality . component connection be far better than composite . i have have it for a year with no problem so far .
493	Projector	POS	5	i buy this projector while i be station in baghdad in the spring of 2006 to play my ps2 game . i purchase it refurbish at 100 hour and 3300 hour later , it be still work like a charm . sometimes i forget to clean the dust from the filter but that do not affect the play any . i mainly use it as a second monitor for my laptop through hdmus and at the time of my purchase , it be ahead of it be technology for price ratio . it be one of the best investment i have make and go great with a bottom scissor da-lite projector screen . 3 thumb up !
439	Projector	POS	5	i have be very pleased with the performance of this projector . it be very easy to set up and have a variety connection that you can use . i have use it both with my computer and my television to watch movie on the wall . the whole family love this thing !
697	Projector	POS	5	this projector its awesome , work very good , it be really handy and i can bring it everywhere , really easy to use and very useful . it be a really worthy item at that price
260	Projector	POS	4	i purchase this projector mount for my man cave and be very happy with it . the packaging be flimsy but the product be not damage in any way during shipping . as far as installation ... read the instruction first ! once you have read through the instruction , it assemble faily easily for somebody with a fair degree of mechanical aptitude . it take a fair bit of adjust to get the project image just right but , i believe that be the same with any projector mount . on a side note , my `` man-cave '' be also my garage and where i do woodwork . this mean that there be a large amount of sawdust float around when i be work . this mount make it very easy for i to take down the projector , by simply remove two screw and move it to a dust-free environment . when i be ready to go back to `` man-cave '' mode , it re-install and be perfectly align in under a minute . all in all , i be very happy with the mount and will likely be purchase another for a second projector very soon . again , the installation be fairly straight forward if you read the instruction first and have a fair degree of mechanical aptitude . if you be look for a plug-and-play type solution , this may not be for you .
519	Projector	POS	4	quick review : - display : even with my room light on , the display be visible , though clearly less than ideal . it be very bright and crisp in dim room , total darkness not require . also , i love the throw ratio , adjustable zoom , and quick corner feature . you can projector onto a wall at all sort of odd angle and still get a perfectly square image , though the overthrow of light be a bit distracting . - fan noise : the projector still get hot , and the air blow out of the fan be quite warm , but the noise from the fan themselves be not terribly loud . if you plan on use the speaker in the projector , it might be a issue . however , if you have speaker of any sort , then they should easily drown out the fan noise . - speaker : handy to have , but useless if you plan on use this for movie or game . the lack of a audio out be annoying , and the reason i knock off a star . - input : hdmus , vga , composite . lack of component be disappointing , but hdmi be much easier to deal with anyway . note that they projector do not come with a hdmus cable . - extra : the include carry case be handy . the remote be pretty nice , though i wish the power would operate the lens cover as well .
502	Projector	POS	5	i recommend that you place this under a 42 '' tv or larger with place it under you tv . i also recommend that you calibrate the speaker to obtain the best result . it work best for i hook it directly up to my blu ray player vs just hook it up to the tv by itself . finally this speaker need a sub woofer to obtain the low base sound that will add much joy to you movie watch .
616	Projector	POS	5	i love this projector picture be awesome and the 3d look great . be planning on use this only when watch 3d movie but this have become my main tv . have a 100 inch screen be great . you will not be disappoint with this purchase .
468	Projector	POS	5	easy to install : i use two white metal chain link -lrb- about 1 1\/2 '' long heavy link -rrb- on each side , pass through the mount hole . then i use two white ceiling hook , place at the proper diatance , one for each side . i buy they at lowe 's and they be specially easy to use , as you do not have to drill any hole or look for stud , just screw they into the ceiling plaster and they anchor themselves and support up to 60 lb each . next i hang the two chain link to the hook on each side and the work be do -rrb- . it take i several hour to think about this way of do it , but only 10 minute to install it . the screen be great and function well . i have and epson 8500 ub and it be picture perfect .
267	Projector	POS	4	this projector be super cheap , compare to other . buy it for less than $ 100 and it be good . it be a good projector for those who want to play game inside they house at night but a bad projector for outdoor event . i use it for movie and game night at my dorm at my college and it be good , all my friend like how the image be big on the wall , and still use it . i would recommend this projector only for inside and night time use , will not work at all outdoors , try it and the image be just to blurry .
507	Projector	POS	5	we have only have this for a month now . we get it as a replacement . it have a great picture . a lot brighter than we last projector .
34	Projector	POS	5	so far i have have my projector for about a week and it work perfectly . i buy this know the cost and not expect the performance i would get from a $ 1000 projector . i assume anyone look to buy this do not have 500-2000 dollar to spend and just want a projector on a budget . so far this be it . i buy a refurbish one and get it ship for $ 230 . i have be use it everyday about 9-12 hour as a second monitor . it come with a extra bulb and all the cable list in the description . the cable and power cord be short so unless you plan on have it close get a longer cable . it say 800x600 but i have mine set at 1024x768 and it accept the signal use vga cord but anything over and the screen turn blue and say no signal . i try s-video hdtv out on my card but nothing display right unless i put it to 480 . i plan to get a vga to hdmi adapter and try the hdmus input on the projector . i hope then it will display 1080 without it be scramble . i hook up coaxial with expand cable tv and run the scan . it pick up the station but it must have the old style because none of the hd in between station work -lrb- ex-10 .1,10.2 -rrb- . some of the station be wrong and i would have to go under each one to manually adjust the frequency to get the right channel and get the clearest picture . also have to set the sound to the right kind to get that to work . i then try a antenna and nothing work so you will need a converter box to get those channel . i have spend much time tweaking the contrast ect . on the projector and my graphic card to get the picture right . the keystone adjustment be just up and down so you need to project straight parallel . the picture size depend on distance from screen so i recommend a ceiling mount so you do not have to have it setup on a table in the middle of the room . it have adjustment for both ceiling -lrb- flip -rrb- and rear -lrb- reversed -rrb- mode . for pixel and clarity i have mine setup about 9ft away with a screen size of almost 6ft wide and about 5ft tall . from 3 1\/2 foot and closer it have a obvious look through a screen effect . the pixel size with my screen size be 1\/16 inch square . right now i just project on a white wall and look good from 5ft back and beyond . my dislike be ; 1 . the fan be loud 2 . it have blank on the input side for usb , scart and card reader . i assume in the next model those input will be put in but its a bummer not have they in this model and see the spot for they . 3 . i have a longer vga cable but with the location of the input on the projector -lrb- cover be too close -rrb- the screw be not long enough on the one side tighten it in . overall i recommend this to whoever want a projector but can not spend over $ 300 . what convinced i to buy this be the fact bulb be 30-40 dollar and last 4000-6000hr . i could have spend $ 250 on a use projector that blow this one away in picture quality and spec but then i would be stick pay $ 200-300 every 3000hr on a new fixture . what i want be a huge picture i can use as much as a tv and not have to ration out the hour i put on the bulb . if you have any question feel free to comment and i hope my review help . just remember if you want perfect quality expect to pay for it , do not fool yourself into think this can compete with a $ 600 + projector .
155	Projector	POS	5	i use this for movie night outside on a 9 ` x16 ' screen make out of blackout cloth purchase on here from carl 's place . you would be about 27 ' from the screen and the color and clarity through my blu-ray player be unbeliveable . there be no overheating or blur like other have say . i use a 720p vivitek projector and this one blow it away . you will not be disappoint . the on board speaker be ok but i hook up my own surround sound . buy with confidence .
217	Projector	POS	4	the epson powerlite 1775w be very light and very easy to set up . the picture quality and brightness be excellent even with light turn on . i be very happy with this equipment .
555	Projector	POS	5	we buy this for we small church to project song and video on the screen . we use it every sunday . we use it on the table top until we have time to get it mount on the ceiling . we have be use it now for about ten or twelve week and be 100 % happy with the product . no complaint whatsoever . highly recommend !
664	Projector	POS	4	this package have it all and it be a great system for beginner . i have a small living room and i do not want to move furniture around or clear a wall . you do not need to rearrange a thing when use this system . just pull up the screen , plug in you projector and subwoofer and you be ready to go . the 80 inch screen be a great addition in this package . when you be do , you can hide the screen under a bed and hide the projector away in a closet . there be some negative as it be not hddvd compatible , and it do not accept component input . but most people will simply use it to watch regular dvd or hook up one 's own video game system . it be a all-in-one system that be inexpensive and a great introduction to home theater .
27	Projector	POS	5	box arrive on good condition , the proyector itself be out of this world , it get a lil hot but i think be normal , very happy wiht amazon.com
594	Projector	POS	5	i do my homework for month , look for a projector that i could use for my power point presentation at work so i would not have to keep borrowing from we it department . i do not want to have to spend $ $ 1,000 s on one either . some of the really good one can be quite costly . at the same time , i do not want one that could not provide a adequate , sharp picture . i also want it for home use to show movie at home or do movie-maker picture presentation for family gathering . not only be this projector price reasonably -lrb- i buy mine refurbish for under $ 300 ! -rrb- but it be so simple to operate and the picture be just great !!! i set it up on a table 6ft away from the wall and get sharp , clear resolution with a screen size of about 5x3 ft. . it be light and compact and i carry it around with ease compare with the cumbersome unit i use to have to check out . i only hope that i get lot of use from it before the lamp wear out . only time will tell . i hear that a lamp be costly to replace and that they only have a certain number of life hour before they burn out . so far , i be very happy with my projector . it have exceed my expectation and i highly recommend it .
703	Projector	POS	5	the only negative thing i can say it be for the bolt hole configuration for the ceiling support if you use a generic product . that be a great product for this price !
21	Projector	POS	4	it go together without any issue and be easily adjustable once it be hang . it be do a great job , just what i want it to do .
19	Projector	POS	5	- i upgrade from 720p , hc4000 have extremely noticeable higher resolution - do test a few other 1080p projector in $ 900 - $ 1500 price range all pale in comparison to pq of hc4000 -- have pretty straight forward menu , easy install , light weight - black unit color be a important feature for i to blend with black ceiling , there be small amount of light leakage from top of unit which would reflect on floor if turn for ceiling install but not a huge deal with bigger screen , i be use 110 '' reflective . fan noise be audible in silent movie scene if near unit but otherwise the value of a bulb last for 4000 -5000 hour and a breath take picture be worth any minor flaw . find it under $ 1499 - buy and enjoy you wont regret !!
541	Projector	POS	5	great product for view dvd and other video source on a big -lrb- 100 '' + screen -rrb- . projects the best -lrb- movie house like -rrb- picture with a component out , progressive dvd player . buy the special component to vga cable - it be worth it . picture will rival plasma and projection tv . projects a image that will make you think you be in the movie ! the unit look very modern .  vibrant and accurate color , bright image , low fan noise and little pixelation -lrb- none if you set the lens a touch off focus for a softer image -rrb- make this a excellent and cost effective way to start a home theater . picture be very competitive with the infocus x1 , however the epson have no rainbow problem -lrb- it be lcd -rrb- which contribute to eyestrain and fatigue . i have see they run together and i prefer the epson image overall . the epson have color saturation that be second to none . bulb cost very little too . team it up with a home theater in a box system and start charge you friend admission !
651	Projector	POS	5	i have have the pt-ax 100u for about 3 year now , and i have have the same problem with the iris that several other have comment on . panasonic be no help and want load of money to repair the unit . of course , it be out of warranty as well ! so instead , i do a google search and find several home `` fix-it '' solution . basically , the iris mechanism have to be re-lubed with some oil after about 2 year of use . i fix my projector in about 20 minute -- and im not technically savvy either . if i can do it , i guarantee anyone can ! as far as the the bulb , i have easily make it to the 2000 hour mark with excellent video quality . i still think this projector be a fantastic bargain !
776	Projector	POS	5	amazing what this can do ! perfect for we theater room ! only regret be i can not play wii on a tv anymore . play wii on a 100 inch screen have a way of spoil you !
987	Projector	POS	4	i see this pj in action last night . the source be a sony bluray dvd player and a br press of spiderman 2 . the picture clarity be amazing . rock solid image with -lrb- not surprisingly -rrb- incredible definition . i can not , however give it 5 star . perhaps the color calibration be not perfect -lrb- altough sony rep be on hand so `` they bad '' if they set it up poorly -rrb- - in particular the red be far too prominent . this be a 3 chip , native 1920x1080 unit , so no color wheel and , hence , no rainbow effect . it also run super quiet -lrb- again , no wheel -rrb- and push surprisingly little air out of the read-ported vent . the air that be come out \* be \* pretty hot , so any room that host this bad boy should have good ventilation . it be a attractive unit and , steal from apple , the `` sony '' logo be rear-lit when the unit be turn on . the screen be a pretty small stewart filmscreens greyhawk , so contrast ratio be additionally boost . due to the small size , the image be exceptionally bright . at this resolution , it be interesting to note how clearly computer generate the spiderman scene appear . on sd unit , there be enough softening of the edge to hide the cg nature of the image and complete the illusion . at hidef re , however , the blue-screen and cg become quite obvious . hollywood actors\/actresses : beware ! you wrinkle and blemish will soon be splash they way across 120 '' hidef screen all over the world ! : -rrb- at under $ 9k for a 3-chip dlp , sony have really throw down the gauntlet with this one . expect competitor to follow and hopefully we 'll all be able to afford something of this spec within just a few more year .
167	Projector	POS	5	i get mine on sale last year . what a bargain . great pix , versitile , & super bright ! we can watch it in the daytime it be so bright . i use it on the road for my show so it get use & abuse a lot . it be still run perfect on it be original bulb . when it be not on the road it be use as my primary widescreen tv at home . this unit will not show full the resolution of true quality hdtv , but do a excellent job . many hdtv signal have be downscale , upscale , dowscale again , recompressed , & reprocess so many time by the time it reach you home , most of the channel be not true hdtv quality anymore anyhow ... esp . signal through cable & satellite . i guess the fcc have not pass any law for hdtv quality yet . the unit have more than enough resolution for ordinary dtv & dvds . for some reason , i do not get eye fatigue like i do watch other projector a few hour . the factory preset be not that good & seem to be for watch ordinary analog tv & vhs tape . fortunatly it come with 3 user settable preset with a very wide array of setting & tweak that make it a top quality performer . i buy the component input adapter for it from infocus . the quality of the adapter cable be poor & pick up plenty of rfi . also after carefully unplug it only a few time , one of the connector fall right off the adapter . poorly , cheaply design adapter concider most infocus product be specifically design to be use on the road , set up & tear down easily & quickly all the time . the connecter for my other road equipment do not break after year of heavy use . fortunately for the road & at home the s-video connector do a excellent job . do not ever use the ordinary rca-jack style composite signal jack on a hi-end tv or projector . the signal will not be good enough . any good tv will just make the poor signal quality more obvious . the above reviewer must have get a bad unit or one that be bang around during shipping , or be drop . these be durable unit , but with too much bang around , you 'll have problem the reviewer describe . the grind sound come from the color wheel or blower fan be knock out of alignment . i also own they older lp-350 xga model & use a few of they other model . so far i be very happy with all of they i have use . although my very old lp-350 still work like new , i have do some mod on it & the lens to increase the contrast ratio , brightness & bulb life . i be surprised that if i can do it , that infocus do not offer a mod plan for they to do it for a price . they will not even sell spec & technical service datum on they old machine . i guess they want you to pay a arm & leg for they to do repair , or buy a new one . i have have to fix a few infocus projector out of warranty after they be bang around or just get well use & old ... with no help or sevice datum from infocus , even though it be request . fortunately , dlp projector have be around for a while now , so there be plenty of qualify tech familiar with they in just about every town who know how to fix , mod , & upgrade they at a fraction of the cost infocus will once they be out of warranty . from what i read in the past , you be better off send it to a local tech with experience with dlp machine for repair rather than back to infocus . they seem to do a better job cheaper , & know what they be do . infocus will not even to tell you where to get special tool need to take they apart . i wonder if they know how to service they at all . it be one thing to build one , but another thing to troubleshoot & fix 'em . i give 5 star for the product , not for the service , because i service all my own equipment so do not need they . do not take these thing apart yourself people unless you know exactly what you be do & experience . you can ruin or destroy they if you be not very careful & knowledgable .
637	Projector	POS	5	the unit come and work right out of the box . you need to order cable for hdmus and vga support . this be normal . also the unit do not have adjustable foot . so you need to use book or a mount kit . i be happy as of right now with how it work out of the box
121	Projector	POS	5	i scour the internet for month look for the right projector , and land upon this . i be look for something around $ 1k or less , which have 1080p re , long lamp life , good warranty , and that be good for gaming . i have be run this for almost 1000 hour and the picture be still like day 1 . the color be very well calibrate out of the box , that only require a slight amount of tweaking for you perfectionist . the black level , for a projector of this price be pretty good . it do not compare to a lead monitor , but for the size of screen you be get , who really care imo . i could have buy a 50 '' lead tv for the price of this w \/ screen include , and to this day would not have change my decision . a couple week into use the projector the lamp die and go through the warranty process for a replacement be quick and easy . no shipping charge and have the replacement bulb within 3 day ! the only thing that i have against this projector be it be placement flexibility . to really get the picture as crisp and spot on as it should be , you need a very flexible setup , like a higly adjustable mount or a adjustable table . i be rent so i can not mount it ; it be sit on a makeshift bench-table-thingy , lol which require i to set keystone to 1 with slightly unsquare edge . not the best but not the worst either . pro : - great color and calibration feature - crisp picture -lrb- more uniform if you can place it correctly -rrb- - no lag when gaming -lrb- a plus feature of dlp versus lcd projector -rrb- - great lamp life and warranty - very quiet fan when in `` low '' lamp mode - small size -lrb- way smaller than the epson 8350 -rrb- con : - no lense shift and high picture incline = somewhat difficult placement - slight `` rainbow effect '' i think it be call . the dlp chip use a 4x color wheel , not the 6x + you find on high end projector , which mean you can detect the seperate red , green and blue project color sometimes -lrb- like if you move you eye away from the light quickly -rrb- . it be in no way distract for i , but if you be highly sensitive to it , go with lcd projector . before you consider this decide whether you want dlp or lcd . lcd produce higher black level -lrb- although i have read they be not produce as well as dlp 's -rrb- and do not have `` rainbow effect '' . however , dlp projector have better response time -lrb- beneficial when gaming -rrb- , which equate to smoother video . dlp projector do not show pixel near as much as lcd 's , and be much smaller in comparison . after this it be just a matter of find the right model . which bring i to ... get this projector ! it be a great value for the quality of image you be get . it be perfect for gaming on a big screen ! and video be great too of course . i would reccommend this for a screen size up to 110 '' . any more than that and you would need a projector with higher luman output . i have a 92 '' and i think it be perfect .
916	Projector	POS	5	i have have this for a few week now and use it for xbox , xbox kinect , pc , apple tv , and google tv . i have also use it with nvidia 's 3d nvision . play pc games , in 3d -lrb- with a xbox controller -rrb- be pretty sweet . i be project on a white wall in the basement and that seem to be fine for i -lrb- may do a special paint on the wall later -rrb- . even in daylight or with the light on the image be great -lrb- kinect isnt doable in really low light so some light be necessary -rrb- . movie night be a blast . i have pc speaker hook up to it with a sub so it sound great also . build in speaker be ok for a quick and dirty but you really want to hook up speaker . i ceiling mount the projector and i be still try work out the cable management but that setup be a snap . very happy with this purchase . if you have a question , leave a comment , and i can try to answer it .
128	Projector	POS	5	i buy this projector for my classroom and it have be great ! it be quiet and do not overheat easily . i use this on and off for 6 hour a day and i have not have any problem !
807	Projector	POS	5	i use this to install a hc1500 mit . projector and i could not be happier with the product . it be very heavy duty , and have many adjustment . i can not think of a way it could be better .
804	Projector	POS	5	we have 4 of these deploy in a bar environment switch on 12 + hour a day to show sport and other tv channel and we could not be happier . they be exceptionally easy to install with a simple menu that make it easy to invert the picture , adjust the keystone setting , and basically set up the projector so that the only button that need to be press be on\/off . fortunately , there be a remote so there be no need to touch anything on the unit itself . in we case , the bulb last 6-8 month each and be also easy to change . i test one at home where we be lucky enough to have a very , very large white wall and watch avatar . short of cook up some popcorn , it be like sit in a movie theater . it be true that the project image lack the definition of a average high-def flat-screen , but the image size be significantly larger than anything you could reasonably buy as a tv . for watch movie and sport , what this unit be capable of produce be truly remarkable . while i be sure there be many better projector in term of picture quality , none come close at this price point . i would highly recommend for anywhere you need a big screen .
579	Projector	POS	4	very reasonable price for a good projector . easy to use and very portable . works well together with a portable public address system .
930	Projector	POS	5	wow , this screen be enormous and easy to set up . i may end up building something a little more low-profile in the way of a stand because the tripod take up a good 30inch behind the screen . we have a `` okay '' quality digital projector for we computer and it take 20 ' from back of tripod to back of projector for we to fill the screen .
228	Projector	POS	4	if you want to play xbox game in hdtv mode , the xbox 's config screen wont appear on the infocus x1 . the xbox 's config screen be 480i and not 480p resolution . so the 480p game will appear in high resolution but you will not be able to see the config screen unless you connect the xbox to a regular tv . the x1 support 480us out of the s-video port but not the svga port . if it be not for this annoyance , i would have buy this projector last year .
868	Projector	POS	5	this be a excellent business class lcd projector that be easy to use right out of the box . the epson be plug-and-play for pc , -lrb- mac require a driver installation -rrb- use either a vga or usb connection . the usb cable be not include . there be also a composite video input as well . the projection be bright and clear , with vibrant color , even in partially light room , which make it ideal for business use . powerpoint animation look good , and photographic background appear clearly define in medium light . the projector resolution be 1024x768 , which be standard resolution , and not widescreen , but since most screen roll out longer than they be wide , and many business environment be still use standard definition , this should not be a problem . the unit be reasonably light weight and compact , and have most feature that the average business user would need for presentation in the boardroom or on the road . even dvd movie be project pretty good , but not as well as presentation slide in medium to brightly light room . i would not recommend this projector for home movie view - there be better projector on the market specifically design for that . however , in it be class , i think this be a extremely well perform lcd projector .
571	Projector	POS	5	this be my second pj and i love it . it be smaller and brighter than the hc1500 i have . i want a 3d set up so i buy this along with the 3dxl and it have be a amazing experience . watch bluray be kick ass !! and play ps3 in 3d be too much !!! best purchase i have make in a looooooong time . - abel z.
488	Projector	POS	5	pro 's : the picture be great even with standard cables\/hd tv 's interlaced picture . it work great for xbox 360 especially with game like rock band , guitar hero and tony hawk skate where you want a bigger picture for immersion . 10 $ for the xbox 360 's audio rc\/optical converter cable , but no biggy : d i have it project at ~ 80 '' screen . in which beat the pants off a standard 46 '' lead tv for around 60 % of the price . my fiancee and she cousin be skeptical as to how well it work and why its not a common fixture in most people home at such a affordable price . i win the skeptic 's over with great picture despite all the light be on , and still a great define picture . con 's : no audio out so you always splitting the audio off at the device . optical which usually be provide with hdmus device be limit to a receiver -lrb- ~ 300 $ + -rrb- \/ converter -lrb- ~ 40 $ -rrb- \/ high end sound system -lrb- ~ 250 $ + -rrb- . no tv tuner build in but the device that provide that be generally tv tuner boxes -lrb- ~ 100 $ + -rrb- \/ vcr -lrb- ~ 25 $ + -rrb- \/ dvd player with tuner -lrb- ~ 100 $ + -rrb- . replacement bulb -lrb- ~ 125 $ -rrb- . i do the whole converter + vcr route for around +70 $ other : at a average of 5hr 's a day the bulb will last ~ 2yr in which ill probably retire this unit and shove it in the spare bedroom , and buy it another bulb and upgrade .
288	Projector	POS	4	package description do not specify that ipod cable be optional . and after get the item , the manual describe ipod cable be option . however , have hard time to find a `` optional '' ipod cable for this qumi anywhere . just check all asia sale site . all of this item come with ipod cable . too much cost saving ? advertise ipod support , but do not mention the cable be optional . and i be willing to `` add the cable to the shopping cart . '' except i can not find the cable list anywhere near the item , suggest link , customer who buy this also bough block . now i get to go to some store to actually find a cable . manufacturing site mention nothing about any optional cable ...
367	Projector	NEG	1	i love this alarm . the wake up be soft and gentle . i use the attach flash light a couple of time when the electricity fail . then , it just stop work . too late to return . i now have a flashlight that cost close to $ 40 .
376	Projector	NEG	2	ive own this projector for a 2 month and now the bulb over heat and it shut the bulb off and go to emergency cooling mode . i call amazon and they say i need to call benq . i will update with they response . the color and option be great but surely i must have a defective bulb or unit . i use it to watch 2 movie and to project art on a wall . i might have use it for 7 hour max before i run into issue
336	Projector	NEG	1	this thng be trash . unviewable picture -lrb- no matter what i adjust etc. accord to the manual -rrb- . i know what a good projector be and this be not it . do not waste you money . if i could give it no star i would .
551	Projector	NEG	1	these so call portable projector be all crap . do not expect to watch movie or anything . i think this stuff should be $ 100 . it be simply a toy that make you frustrate after 3 month . if it be $ 100 , i will pay otherwise it be not worth the money . however , if you want expensive toy go ahead buy , or if you have money to waste . but , i would bet you will feel the same . it be worth $ 100 !
279	Projector	NEG	1	this be my second panasonic projector . the first one start turn blue after about a year and a half . this one , in addition to have the iris problem which other have already describe , have turn yellow in the middle after 1000 hour . i be not a smoker and i clean the filter regularly . i will not buy another panasonic projector until they can produce a product that do not fail after a year .
443	Projector	NEG	2	basic construction and design leave a lot to be desire . do not fit larger projector use in most media room today .
879	Projector	NEG	1	remote never work and for some unexplained reason which ever computer connection use on two different window 7 system it would connect then in a matter of about 60 secound disconnet , go look for another connection , come back and select the usb 2.0 and start the cycle over . true-to-life colors ... have problem with yellow . return item .
892	Projector	NEG	1	i live in peru and a relative bring this item to i when he come to peru . when i try it it didnt work and i have to take it to a technician just to figure out it have a burnt circuit inside . it be the worst decision to buy this item . wouldnt trust in this store again . i 'll have to pay someone else to fix it , since im not in the us to make a complaint directly to the store .
110	Projector	NEG	2	product quality be not what i need . the term hd be mislead . resolution be as advertise but be very grainy look . i recommend better resolution than this the picture be not clear .
685	Projector	NEG	1	bought brand new video would only stay on for 30 seconds before turn off terrible product amazon be great about refund , so i 'll continue to purchase product through amazon
108	Projector	NEG	2	low-budget home theater owner here . be happy with my unit . pretty nice picture on a blank white wall . i have a dedicated cinema room that be pitch black so be very happy ... until one hour ago . after 300 hour of use my bulb blow . and i never watch more than 2-3 hour at a time , so definitely not a high traffic user . i be all the way in hungary and that bulb be about a month 's wages for this school teacher . this be a shoddy product , built-in obsolesence to the extreme . now i have a useless room with a benq wart on the ceiling !
354	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this for new comer briefing for my business . it look good but that be about it . none of the input work . after follow the instruction and plug in a vga cable to start with , there be a `` no sync '' screen showing . then i try different input include hdmus and s-video to no avail . i have own a few projector and this be product be just a waste of money . i end up purchase a pocket projector with the build in hard drive and good battery life -lrb- mpro150 -rrb- .
611	Projector	NEG	1	this projector be not worth you time , put you 80 $ towards a better machine . the bulb blow after six to eight movie worth of use , the fan be quite loud , and the color be off . the resolution be so low that video game text be unreadable and detail be blurry . we have try various image size and distance from the wall , it simply have too low of a resolution to display text or detail appropriately . there be no keystone setting , so the projector must be place in a straight line , directly across from the wall , and the plug be very short , so projector placement be a issue . i would not put this in a child 's room either , as the bulb blow if the unit be knock , and the unit produce a lot of heat . you would be better off spend a few dollar more and get a projector that will not require constant bulb replacement and provide a sharper picture .
500	Projector	NEG	2	i have purchase , this projector to replace my 6 year old nec projector . i like that it have a hdmus input , 2500 luman , and think it would have a clean sharp picture . but i fail to notice that it be only 800 x 600 resolution . with my picture about 6 foot wide . the picture look blocky -lrb- if that be a word -rrb- . i could actually count the pixel on the screen . i have return this vivitek projector and purchase another nec np216 projector with a 1024 x 768 resolution . the 1024 x 768 resolution make a huge difference in clarity . i will never purchase anything less than 1024 x 768 . i be sure a vivatek projector with 1024 x 768 or higher would have a better picture .
344	Projector	NEG	2	i purchase the 106 inch version of this projector . it be very long , obviously . take a little bit of effort get the box into my apartment from the hallway . -lrb- without bump into wall , overhead light , etc -rrb- the packaging be decent , but it could have be better . the metal frame be dent right in the middle which be annoying , but i do not care . the metal tripod be easy to unfold and set up and the metal feel cheap . once i attach the screen to the tripod , i be able to easily raise it to my desire height . the first thing i notice be that the screen be not completely parallel with the floor . it be at about a 20 degree angle . i have to put a book under one of the tripod leg to compensate to get it to be straight . also the top of the screen be more forward than the bottom . i also notice some dusty hand print all over the back of the screen . this be annoying , but again not a dealbreaker . i be not ask for much ... i just want a functional white screen that be portable . -lrb- since i do not have space in my condo for a permanent screen -rrb- the actual screen quality be good . watch my 3d 1080p blu-ray on it look amazing . -lrb- this may have more to do with my optoma projector than the actual screen quality -rrb- cosmetically , the only change i would have want be to have the frame and the tripod to be paint black instead of white . after i watch a movie for 45 minute , i try to take down the projector and put it away . that be when thing get bad . the screen retract about 70 % of the way down and then get stick . several tug up and down do not fix this . since it be 1am and i be worry all of this pull would wake up my kid , i pull the projector back up and leave it on the tripod . i try to take it down the next morning and stillgot stick about 70 % the way in . i finally tug really hard -lrb- almost to the point of where i think it would tear -rrb- and whatever it be stick on have set it free . i finally be able to close it . that be a lot of effort for use this projector for the very first time . not off to a good start . the 2nd time i use it -lrb- later that day -rrb- , set-up again be fine , but when i try close it again , it get pinch on something and would not move down . this time it be worse because i could no longer pull it up either . it be just stick completely . i email the favus tech support to see if they have a solution to fix this . they do not help i at all . they just say that they could not find my purchase record on they database . i tell they that i purchase it via amazon and they say they still could not find my record . it also take they 2-3 day to reply to email . i decide to return it directly to amazon . i wish favi 's customer service be as good as amazon . i be able to return it the next day and get a full refund . -lrb- ups pick up the box from my porch -rrb- thank amazon ! i just want a simple manual projector that i could set up and take down as i please . i be able to overlook the dented frame , the cheap metal , the dirty hand print , and the uneven screen . but , the most important component in a manual screen be probably the retract mechanism . once that fail , the entire product be useless . not everyone who purchase this have have problem so it be definitely a quality control issue . it be a shame that i have to return it because when it be set-up , it look great .
406	Projector	NEG	1	long story short , it be a piece of garbage , do not waste you money . -lrb- if you puchase this that be all you be do ! , and , you will be disappoint . -rrb- i read the mostly positive review , think that maybe it be a good deal , since i would always want a home projector , and the price be comparatively low . from the phrasing of the product title , i also believe this to be a hd projector , it be not !! it just have port to use hd device on it . i be so mad when find that out , because where 's the logic in that ? the picture `` quality '' suck , big time !! the color be horrible , and no matter how much we focus it , my brother 's xbox 360 could not be play because it be too blurry . if it be not for the headache , and hassle of send the damn thing back to china , at my expense , i would do exactly that . this be the worst purchase i believe i have make on amazon , third party or not !
172	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this lamp as replacement for my optoma gt 700 and it die in less than 60 hour !! luckily it still have warranty .
896	Projector	NEG	1	this be my first projector and i do alot of research before buy it . it meet a most of the requirement in term of picture quality and brightness etc. . everything be ok for three month ... then the pixel start die , -lrb- which mean there be dark and light spot all over the screen -rrb- within one week we have close to 30 dead pixel spread across the screen . the amazon 30 day warranty have expire so we contact vivitek and that be where the real disappointment come . they never answer they telephone !!!!! they do not return message !!!! they do not answer e mail !!!! there be no way to get a human be at this company ... and i really try . they customer service be the worst i have ever encounter and will never buy anything marked vivitek again . i contact amazon about this and they be give i a refund so i be buy a epson this time . adios vivitek !
145	Projector	NEG	1	unfortunally i have to say that this item be the worst thing i have ver bought in my life , i do weekly presentation at work & guess what , i almost lost my job over this item , it work fine a couple of times & then it just stop it just would ` nt do anything . please dont buy unless you know how to fix it ... sorry
299	Projector	NEG	2	i wish i have see the `` costly mistake '' review before i buy my 8100 in feb. . i , too see the concern about `` beta '' unit , and discount they . well , i be initially a very satisfied buyer . this be the second projector i have own , the first be a panasonic 720p pt ax200u . the 8100 be a big improvement over that one in picture quality , perceive brightness , etc. , as it should be , be several year newer technology and 1080p resolution . for 600 hour and 5 month , i be happy . then all of a sudden , the bulb severely dim . i spend the next 5 minute check various setting , hope to make this go away so we can finish watch the movie we be streaming from amazon , then pop -lrb- loud -rrb- go my bulb , like the old-school flashbulb of yore , scare the \* ^ -lrb- \* ^ out of i and my wife . the next day , i check my warranty information , and discover that the advertised 4000 hour bulb be only warranteed for 90 day . my bad , should have read the fine print . i go online and find out that i be not alone , other have be experience this same kind of premature failure , and there be hint that epson be `` extend '' the 90 day in the interest of customer service . so , i try the epson `` direct customer line '' card provide with my projector , only to find the pin the supply on the card be not valid . ok , i spend my dime and call the support toll number . i describe my problem to the 1st level support specialist , and he instantly transfer i to a `` projector bulb specialist '' who take my info . and with no argument agree to send i a replacement bulb , after walk i through the extraction procedure -lrb- little bit of glass rain down on i in the process , as it be ceiling mount -rrb- . ok , i say , i be a satisfied customer , but kind of worried about the next bulb 's life . three day later , the bulb arrive , it be the wrong one . i call support , same drill , this time they keep i on the hold for a long time , then transfer i to a `` customer relation '' specialist . she proceed to tell i that epson policy be that they can not send i the correct replacement until they receive the wrong one back , and that i can not return it until they send i a return label . i say , wait a minute , this be you fault , not mine , i be not happy about this , my projector will be down a week , be not there someone who can authorize a expedited replacement , you can take my credit card # for security ? no , she say , due to the value of the bulb , it be company policy , and that be that . five day later , i finally get the return label , which be send regular us mail , and it be for regular ground shipment , not even expedite . take 3 more day for they to get it , and then they do fedex next day the replacement , but after the cutoff , so i finally get the replacement more than two week after the failure . it work so far , but who know how long it will last , or if they 'll replace another one after more time . have to be without live room entertainment for 2 week , and deal with service that do not care about customer satisfaction or even get the part #s right be not that entertaining , either . probably the last epson product i 'll ever buy . my 3 1\/2 year old panasonic projector be still go strong , install elsewhere , on it be first bulb , after 3000 hour , ironically .
771	Projector	NEG	1	please be careful and do not be cheat by the poor and cheep offer for this projector -lrb-  lcd video projector -lrb- include hdmi cable & extra bulb -rrb- great for dvd , wii , xbox , playstation  it be really bad and you will not get any chance to return it back because the seller will ignore you and you email if you want to return it back .
799	Projector	NEG	1	este articulo es de muy muy mala calidad , lo compre y solo i duro 1 dia y medio al 2 dium fueron apareciendo manchas blancas hasta cubrir 70 % de la imagen , solo lo use 2 dia , soy de venezuela , para cambiarlo tenia que enviar el item malo pero cuando lo fui a enviar el el envio costaba mas casi igual que el item , no pude enviar el item por ese motivo , amazon i volvio a cobrar el mismo item y i envio uno nuevo ya que solicite cambio y no lo pude enviar , asi que ellos primero te envian otro antes de qeu tu envies el item malo y te obligan a pagarlo despue , no recomiendo la compra de este item ... this article be of very poor quality , buy it and just drive i 1 day to 2 day and a half be white patch appear to cover 70 % of the image , use it only 2 day , i be from venezuela , to change have to send the bad item but when i go to send the shipping cost more nearly like the item , i could not send the item for that reason , i return to amazon charge the same item and send i a new one and to seek change and i could not send , so they first send you another before you send the item qeu you bad and force you to pay later , i do not recommend the purchase of this item
433	Projector	NEG	2	i buy this model 4 year ago for my computer lab . from the very start i have trouble . the project image flicker and jump . i call right away and they replace my lamp for free . for the next 2 year it work sporadically . it would not come on the first time i turn it on , sometimes i have to unplug it . i call several time and be give the run around . finally a notice to extend my warrenty come . i extend it and call again . i be tell it be certainly because the lamp be get near the end of it be 1000-2000 hour -lrb- big difference , eh ? -rrb- . i explain there be no way it have be use for that many hour , and the tech support guy argue with i . i give up argue and try one of the thing he say -lrb- take out the lamp and remove the dust -rrb- . after that , it work consistantly . -lrb- when i could finally get it to work , i check the lamp hour ... it have run for 238 , no where near 1000 -rrb- . i think i be home free . i use it today and it be on for about a hour plus . i be away from it work on a computer when i hear a loud bang . i look up and the screen be blank . the darn lamp explode ! i hate to give up on infocus all together , but i may have to .
289	Projector	NEG	2	i suffer from dlp rainbow effect so have to go with a lcd unit . color be not as vivid and with the lower contrast ratio video image be not as good as dlp model . `` screendoor effect '' be extremely noticable especially in white\/bright area of video . do not be fool by the advertisment that this accept component video signal -lrb- which give you the best possible image -rrb- . i purchase a vesa adapter to connect via component video to the monitor connection on the unit . it do not work . after some research , i find that you can only use epson 's adapter to make it work which run $ 100 . now , be i go to get $ 100 worth of image gain over s-video ? i do not think so . do not buy this if you want to connect via component video . i read that epson be the only company that do not use the standard adapter . i also receive a brand new unit with a dead pixel , which i read be pretty common for lcd projector over time but i do not expect it fresh out of the box that way .
33	Projector	NEG	1	this product seem to come with improper part , the instructions\/separation of item be incredibly difficult to understand , and at the end of the day that piece work so poorly that i through it out and just install a shelf for my projector instead . do not buy it .
186	Projector	NEG	1	purchase this product because my current projector lamp need replace . after replace the old lamp with the new lamp , i be amaze at just how poor of a image be be display . i have purchase many bulb for my projector and none of they have ever be this bad . the lamp be put out very low light the image be yellow and very wash out . this be only part of the problem . when i get the lamp the packaging be nothing like other company . the lamp be in a bag wrap in bubble wrap , and place in a box . what be they think ?!
662	Projector	NEG	1	the projector be nice while it last . i have only have this thing for a year and the screen be start to look like a star field . no it be not dust , as i have clean out the projector think the same thing . apparently it be the chip . i only discover this after google `` white spot pk201 . '' i do not recomend this product .
20	Projector	NEG	2	i just purchase this model from a reputable distributor and it arrive this evening . hooray ! i set it up in the same ceiling location that we old dlp projector be located . after read the manual and tweaking the setting , i sit down to watch a movie . i must say the picture be a great improvement over we old projector . however , 20 minute into the movie , the screen turn into green and black vertical stripe and slowly fade to red . the unit be unresponsive . i could not even turn it off . i try call the distributor technical assistance line but to no avail . then i try to call panasonic . they automate answering system would have be comical if i be not so tick off . it tell you to speak naturally and then connect you to the commercial sale division or anywhere but technical assistance . ultimately , i have to turn the main power switch off at the rear of the projector . i know that that action be a `` no-no '' since the fan should keep run to cool the bulb , but i do not want to leave it on until somebody from some technical service department call i back at some future date . i would like to be tell you how great this projector be , but there it sit , on my ceiling , like a dead , dark , lifeless , $ slightly below msrp yet still expensive $ box . i try to turn it on again , but it just flash some red on the screen and turn off , like some piss off -lrb- albeit , die -rrb- hal 9000 . i will be send this unit back tomorrow and will not be ask for a replacement . i will probably try a sony or benq for the next one . panasonic have they chance and they blow it , errr ... blow up . if you want to try this projector , just make sure you can return it or have it repair locally . the picture do look really nice for about 20 minute .
842	Projector	NEG	1	do not waste you money . not sure what this be use for but i buy every adapter i could get and still be unsuccessful in play a picture slide show on it from a laptop . do not waste you money ... .
213	Projector	NEG	1	i have to drastically modify my review , go from four star to zero . you believe you be save money , but what you be get be a projector that will start , sooner or later , to lose pixel , to the point it be no longer usable . it be a shame that such a inferior product be on the market .
290	Projector	NEG	1	please do not be fool , this be not a high def projector , and if anything break , you only option will be to throw the product in the trash . the picture compare to those cheap cartoon projector from the toy store . the bulb last up to a month , and be around 25 dollar to replace . you would be better off with a flashlight and a piece of color cellophane .
871	Projector	NEG	2	the good : portable , easy to use . the bad : because it be a laser projector , the image be speckled . the technology employ 3 laser that mix the color to generate many . however , you really can not get a true `` white '' color so it just look like all the color in one . my eye be very sensitive to that . it be hard for i to watch a movie\/netflix without look at the white speckled effect . i be hope it would be better .
572	Projector	NEG	2	this item be functional , but fail to project well -- the light be not bright enough to project a good color image . also , the user instruction write in english be not very literate , extremely difficult to follow .
917	Projector	NEG	1	the project image be very bad . it be blurry even after focus & the color be fade . it would not pick up a signal with the hdmus connection . i be hope to return but the seller have a long list of non returnable item , include tv . it be bright enough but what a awful image . the only way to adjust the projection size be to move the projector . for the price i know it would not be perfect but it would not be worth watch if it be free .
419	Projector	NEG	1	i be very excite about this item for two reason , its portability , and the fact that the bulb would last a very long time so i would not have to worry about replace it as i travel internationally . unfortunately the projector start malfunction right off the bat . within three month i have to replace the cord , it cost sixty two dollar . after i receive the cord , within a month the new cord do not work correctly . i do not think there be anything wrong with the cord , it appear that at the junction point of the cord go into the projector be a malfunction in the design , as it do not want to sit straight for very long , cause it to not connect correctly , which cause the projection to cease in midstream . ca not watch thing very long before this happen . also , within six month the pixel i think , the screen start show one white dot , then after another month it be three , and after a year it be like sixteen white dot on the screen from the lens coat fall apart or something . bottom line , within one year this thing be a piece of junk , and at four hundred dollar , it s a big disappointment .
286	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this alarm clock for my husband for christmas . we absolutely love everything about it until it just die . the display just go completely bonkers and be now stick on what look like 1:80 . and , the only thing i do for that to happen be hit the snooze button . really ?!!? now , nothing work to fix it either . we try everything from unplug it , to take the battery in and out , it do no good !! i should of listen to the bad review and\/or buy it locally in store . now , i be face with the pain in the butt decision to i ship it back at my expense and hope they fix it and\/or replace it with a new one which be asinine ! maybe i 'll just take the hit and learn my lesson the hard way and never buy another timex again . regardless , it be a darn shame as we love timex -lrb- at least they old alarm clock -rrb- in the past . my daughter have my old one from 2006 and my husband have one that be still work since he purchase it back in the early 90 's . what a bunch of crook , take people 's hard earn money , by use cheap part that be make overseas that will not last and\/or be defective from the get go !!! and , do not get i start on the lame 90 day warranty that be pure b !! come on , really ?!!? if i know it come with only a 90 day warranty i would of never purchase this product . it also seem like timex be not the only manufacturer that have major issue with they projection\/automatic date\/time set alarm clock either . buyer beware !! do not buy !
858	Projector	NEG	1	we buy this projector about a year ago and love it for the first 11 month . then one day , we try to turn it on and it would not work . curious . we pull out the manual , which display a series of troubleshoot step . when we turn on the power , the blue power lead light blink 8 time , indicate that there be a dmd error . turn out that stand for `` digital micromirror device . '' we do not really know what that mean , so we call customer service . the customer service representative be very friendly , and he walk we through the troubleshoot step . he confirm that it be a dmd error , which be cover under warranty . we ask he if it could be a lamp issue -lrb- which be not cover under the year-long warranty -rrb- , to which he reply that it be `` unlikely . '' we pay the $ 20 to send we projector to the warranty department . after about a week , we get a response that it be a lamp issue , and it would cost $ 250 for they to fix it and send it back . if we do not want they to fix it , we would still have to pay $ 75 for a `` out of warranty diagnosis , '' plus shipping -lrb- ~ $ 25 -rrb- . so we would either pay $ 250 for a work projector that be still within the first year of purchase , or $ 100 just to get we broken projector back . i call customer service and explain the situation , tell they that we do everything we could to confirm that it be not a lamp issue prior to send in the projector . there be serious fan issue and the power button be not work properly , which i assume be symptom of the dmd error . the folk at customer service be not very sympathetic . they do not have any more information about the error , they would not let i talk to a technician , and they do not have any documentation about these type of error . i still have no idea what a dmd error mean . the user manual say that if it be a lamp issue , the orange lamp light should blink , which do not happen for we . we have the projector mount to a ceiling where it never move , receive plenty of air flow , and be only use for a total of less than 400 hour -- not the 3,000 hour that they claim the lamp should last . after read some of the review , we find out that we be not the only one who get screw by the vivitek warranty department . the language in the warranty and the product manual itself be mislead . in the meantime , vivitek be hold we projector hostage . i have hear that amazon be great about return faulty product , but we be not so bright and we send the projector to vivitek instead . edit : about four month later , after we have completely give up on the vivitek projector and buy a new projector from another company , we mysteriously receive a package in the mail from vivitek . lo and behold , it be we old projector -- and it be fix ! there be absolutely no explanation about what have be wrong with the projector , and why they have suddenly decide to send we back we projector that they previously claim be not cover under warranty . wish they could admit to they mistake and\/or tell we what be go on . vivitek suck at customer service and communication .
706	Projector	NEG	1	this be a joke , can not believe the review , you have to be in total darkness to see ! the picture be fuzzy if it be over 3 foot wide , bad bad , bad
586	Projector	NEG	2	so the question to the answer be elite hand down . i be happy to say that i love this screen . i have the 125 spectrum electric and it be awesome . love the the black casing . look very home theater like , and look fantastic in my theater room . favus white just do not do it for i . white case be distracting and stick out like a sore thumb . after try two favi screen and receve they defective , i give up and go with the elite . right out the box it be perfect . operate as advertise . leave the screen down for a week and as the manual state , if have line across . be not really any of that anyway . i know have 125 '' of glory . avatar actually look better on the elite than the favi , even though the favi have a 1.3 gain and the elite have a 1.1 gain . 1.1 gain . the electric lowering of the screen compare to the favus be whisper quiet . favus be noisy and when retract near the end give a loud shreak go into case as be it be too tight and have no more space . elite have a 12 volt trigger , favus do not . in order to receive the rf remote , you have to purchase one which be not a big deal to i since i will hookup the 12 volt trigger and will lower when projector be power up . elite be a clear winner and the price point be perfect and well worth the money . favus and elite price be about the same . now do not get i wrong , thr favus do a pretty good job , but the defect just ruin it for i . elite just seem better build of of a higher quality . i hope this help those who be on the fence . buy it and you wont regret it .
353	Projector	NEG	1	as of this point we have be unable to connect we mac laptop and get it to show the screen . why do they not say it will not work with a mac ?
998	Projector	NEG	2	i be displeased with this unit . at about 15 foot the word be not very clear . i use it for presentation of financial statement and display we online client portal . people be unable to read what be on the screen .
257	Projector	NEG	1	i buy the projector in december 2001 . the projector have some quality problem . lamp explosion : the original lamp that come with the new projector be explode after about one year of use -lrb- about 400 hour -rrb- . it occur when it be project a movie without any indication . other user also experience lamp explosion with the projector . difficult-to-turn-on problem : the projector have problem with start up the lamp . most of the time , when i turn on the power switch of the projector , the fan will start immediately , but the lamp do not light . it do produce some encouraging sound-the noise one hear when the lamp turn on . if you switch off the projector then switch it on again , the lamp might start . however , the problem now get really bad for i . almost every time when i try to use the projector , i really have to switch on\/off many time in order for the lamp to show any light . service problem : right after my lamp explode , i send the unit back to infocus . infocus change the lamp and clean the unit for i . but the difficult-turn-on problem get worse after the service . i call they several time , the technician tell i that they do not know the cause and suggest that i try to switch off and on to solve the problem . it do work . but what a strange way to turn a projector on ! this hard to turn on problem be really annoying , so i call infocus again . the technician refuse to explain what the problem be , and ask i to send infocus us$ 999.99 so that they can take a look at it . of course i do not send the projector back for they to take another look . i ask infocus if they know any technical flaw with the projector , and i be tell that there be ` none . ' so apparently infocus do not know why the projector have this difficult-to-turn-on problem . therefore , they might have the same problem with other projector also . summary : the infocus lp 350 have quality control problem , i do not recommend this projector . apparently infocus be not aware of the problem ; other model might also have this problem because they share a lot of part and design . i would definitely avoid infocus . mike
690	Projector	NEG	1	i do not know if the problem be with the accessory kit or my projector , but i still have problem get my iphone 4 to work with my optoma projector .
445	Projector	NEG	1	my husband buy this projector for we daughter from cvs for $ 100.00 + tax and be so not worth it ! we have only have it for a day and it already shut off on we . it be not even over heating or hot at all ! this thing be crap ! not a good buy at all . now my girl be bummed because they cant enjoy they movie night like they plan to . highly disappointed !
632	Projector	NEG	2	product work great , look great , very quiet motor quite pleased - just complete 6 business session use it . several positive comment
874	Projector	NEG	1	purchase this projector to use for a small project room setting . need to project power point presentation . the image be small and very blur . even the basic title page of the presentation be blurry . i return the projector and my search continue .
114	Projector	NEG	1	this device do nothing to live up to the description or previous review . first of all , if you want to use hdmi , you be stick with 4:3 ratio , so no widescreen movie or computer image . next , the keystone be extremely limit , so you have to have the unit sit almost perfectly level to you projection screen . also , the image be 100 % dependent on be in a very dark room . any ambient light from window or open doorway really affect the quality . finally , any video playback be poor due to a hard-to-focus picture and seemingly jerky movement . i unbox , test , and rebox this unit for return in about a hour .
221	Projector	NEG	2	in december 2002 i purchase a x1 -lrb- see my review under infocus x1 -rrb- and this projector be still go strong and i love it . if you can find a use one , i would still definitely rcommend it . note that if you be use it in a dusty area , you must clean the bulb filter about every six month -lrb- i blow the first bulb at a year by not do this -rrb- . however , i have a very different experience with the x1a . the composite video be never as good as the x1 which would seem to be because it have a different , inferior decoder . after a little more than a year it start make a loud buzz noise and then it quit . since i only have a 1 year warranty , i decide to just forget about it . i have since replace it with a refurbish infocus 4805 which so far be work great and be reasonably quiet . stay away from the x1a . i give it 2 star because for the year it do work it be excellent for play dvd 's from the computer .
71	Projector	NEG	1	i order a `` sharp electronics ... projector lamp '' and expect it to be a genuine sharp product . a generic substitute be ship . i could have purchase a generic product for a lesser price but choose to go with a sharp brand . i be disappointed with this form of business ethic and will not order from mrginmart again . jim r
123	Projector	NEG	1	this be the worst thing i have ever buy . the quality be terrible and the bulb burn out 2 month after i buy it . right after the full refund policy expiress
727	Projector	NEG	1	the picture from this projector be good for its price range , but the bulb fail after 300 hour . other reviewer have experience this , so it sound like the lamp rarely last the advertised 2000 hour . at $ 350 for a replacement lamp , it make this a poor choice for a budget projector .
41	Projector	NEG	1	you replace the battery for power and do not work . please thank he for he help with solve the case
670	Projector	NEG	1	i have purchase this projector12 month back and be face a problem as brief below and possible solution try but the problem be still not fix . 1 -rrb- the projector power off after 30-60 seconds on start and go on stand by -lrb- yellow light -rrb- . it then show a red light of power off 2 -rrb- the projector do not start after this with the remote 3 -rrb- it have to be power off from the main and then restart 4 -rrb- earlier , this use to happen once and now it behave abnormally and sometimes it have to be restart even upto 8 time or sometimes even just 2 time 5 -rrb- after this , the projector do not shut down and movie can be watch for even as long as 8-10 hour the projector be give to a service center who do not find any problem in the hardware -lrb- power ballast , fan , bulb etc be ok -rrb- . they have suggest that the pcb mainboard should be change which cost as much as a new projector .
999	Projector	NEG	2	this projector provide a good , bright , clear picture . but i have have two bulb blow out after only about 300-400 hour each . that be about $ 1 a hour ! for this reason , i would not recommend it .
629	Projector	NEG	1	this projector need a lot of darkness in the room . the focus on it be very sensitive also . you basically get what you pay for , do not have high expectation for this device .
544	Projector	NEG	1	this `` universal '' mount come with 4 different size screw for different model of projector ... but none of they fit mine . after 3 trip to home depot to find a long enough screw that would fit -lrb- do not happen -rrb- i have to scrap this thing and discontinue my projector project until i could get a different -lrb- properly `` universal '' -rrb- mount - which i do . i be so ridiculously frustrate with this thing and so save yourself the frustration and buy something else .
958	Projector	NEG	1	this projector work fine for two month and seem like a great buy . then it stop work . it will work from ten to thirty minute and then the screen go black . since it last more than 30 day , i can not return it for a refund . the seller do not respond to email . theoretically it have a one-year warranty , but what good be that ? the manufacturer be in china ! the seller be in texas but do not respond . another thing : once you buy this thing , where be you go to get replacement bulb for the projector ? you do not see they on sale at amazon , do you ? consider buy a use projector , that originally have a much higher price , on ebay . that be what i 'll do now . but watch out for the high price of replacement bulb in that situation , too .
903	Projector	NEG	1	purchase this from kohls for a christmas gift very dissapointed . noisy fan and the picture be very fuzzy , try all the seting for color , contrast , ect . unable to improve picture . save you money and buy a better one , find one on here for 139.00 hopefully it will be better .
374	Projector	NEG	2	just be not bright enough to keep . have it in a dark room at night but movie be still too dark . bummed cause it be perfect size , functionality and simplicity for a home portable unit .
89	Projector	NEG	2	i have own this projector for approximately 1.5 year now . the image the projector put out be great , but there be some obvious design flaw with the lamp cooling system . while the company have replace numerous component at no cost to i as i be still inside the 2 year warranty period -lrb- 2 lamp , the air filter , and now the entire projector -rrb- , at the current rate i expect to purchase a entire new projector within a year of the warranty run out . i have get 9 month out of each lamp so far , and once its out of warranty i will be able to replace the entire unit for the cost of the next two new lamp . i have also be disappoint with how loud it turn out to be , which be in contrast to a number of review i read when decide which projector to purchase . my unit be ceiling mount immediately above the couch , and the fact that the cooling fan be always on be noticible . lastly , my projector be mount near a air conditioning vent and get plenty of cold air , but still can not seem to last more then 2-3 hour without overheate .
740	Projector	NEG	1	get the lamp , unpack it then put it into my sharp xr-10x projector and turn it on . wait for a couple of minute but the lamp never illuminate . the projector say the lamp have a lamp circuit failure or be burn out , even though it be brand new ... either way it just do not work at all
971	Projector	NEG	2	it begin show a huge black spot in the middle of the screen ! it work for a couple week at least .
699	Projector	NEG	2	i purchase this mount for my epson 8350 despite conflict review if it would fit . i find a youtube video describe how to add in extra hardware to make it work for my model . while the mount do in fact support the projector it be not strong enough to hold the projector level . i find that every couple day the projector image would drift a few inch down toward the left . after continually straighten the projector and re-tightening i notice that the cheap quality metal be actually bend the projector mount . for a smaller projector this mount just might do the trick but for the epson 8350 or any projector of similar size i would invest in a higher quality mount . i switch mine out for a chief mount and be amaze in the difference in quality and design . while i do recommend chief as a alternative i would not have be willing to pay up for the chief brand have i not spend 10 hour mount and re - adjust my projector with this mount .
739	Projector	NEG	1	make of cheap material and not sturdy enough . we spend a lot of time to make it work finally but i still do not like the way it hang . i do not recommend this one at all .
368	Projector	NEG	2	initially i very excite by this product because i view it as a portable way to project larger version of myself to other . in particular , i be interested in appear 7 + foot tall to other in a business context . unfortunately , this do not work out as well as i have anticipate . quite possibly due to the fact the optoma pk301 be only capable of create a two-dimensional image . on the upside , the pk301 occasionally send i through time in a uncontrolled manner . i also see from other review that this be not a uncommon occurrence for optoma projector . i think the `` net net '' here be that it be a mediocre business tool but a effective , though unpredictable , time machine . i be actually in the process of now try to contact past-me by travel through to time to warn myself from purchase the optoma pk301 in the first place . i think that pretty much say it all .
543	Projector	NEG	1	i purchase this projector after read a favorable review in a computer magazine . when i try it out , i fail to properly plug in the power cord all the way . unfortunately it come out when i move the projector to adjust the picture . it take only a few seconds to figure out what have happen and to plug it back in , but the device do not survive lose power . the internal get so hot that component go up in smoke without the fan properly cool down the lamp . amazon quickly send a replacement unit . i call acer support the next day to get a opinion on this issue . the question that i ask be : `` what be the expected result when there be a power outage while watch a movie '' . i spend 2 hour on the line with india , without get a answer . the people i speak with recite the manual , which i have already study . the same magazine that originally recommend this projector publish a note a couple of issue later that describe support issue at acer . the projector require a firmware update because the original firmware do not remember configuration setting . this can only be do at the factory , but customer report that they projector come back without any update do . i like the projector , it be bright and crisp and quiet . i can not comment on the 3d capability - i do not purchase it with the intent to watch 3d content right away , but i want to have the option in the future . update after 15 month of ownership : i have have the projector store away in its case for most of the time until recently . the lamp have no more than 20 hour of use when i install on the ceiling of my newly finish basement for more frequent use in a home theater setup . three day ago , a white pixel appear . since then , several new white and black pixel appear on a daily basis , and i now have over two dozen . it will soon be no longer usable if pixel keep go out at this rate . the basement be clean , air-conditioned , and a low-dust environment . from what i read , replace the dlp chip be cost-prohibitive and the projector will become e-waste ater a little over a year with less than 100 hour of use . i be downgrade it to one star . my picture look very much like the one show in this thread : -lrb- ... -rrb- and base on the number of post there be seem to i that this be not a unusual problem with acer projector .
429	Projector	NEG	1	the product work and be easy to mount but company send i use item when i purchase new one . there be scratch all over the mount . one star give because of ethical concern not because of product functionality .
256	Projector	NEG	1	i get this projector about a month ago in ny and travel with it back to argentna where i live . first time i turn it on the thing burn out even though it say it support multiple voltage and i read the manual thoroughly before plug it . i mail optoma for the guarantee but they only cover it in the us . there be no official service outside usa and maybe canada , not in argentina anyway . i write they several email and get few reply . more than once i have to forward they the same mail so that they would give i any dice . i finally take the projector to a spacialized service and they tell i the power supply blow and that they could not get the part for it . i be still wait for optoma to give i a answer and see if they can ship the part over . the thing be that the lamp have a 90 day guararntee so they be probably wait for my time to run out . if you get a projector be sure to buy from the well know brand like epson or hp . they part be much easier to get and they have worldwide support and service .
168	Projector	NEG	1	i use it on a monthly basis , and after a year all of a sudden white pixel appear all over the screen and the projector become no longer usable . it suck !
940	Projector	NEG	1	this lamp be so dim it be literally worthless . spend more for a oem . there be more light come from the back of this bulb than the front . junk junk junk . seller be cool though .
564	Projector	NEG	1	be really look forward to watch a movie use this projector . unfortunately , the picture quality be unacceptable . it be very dark , and i be unable to adjust it to a acceptable level . i use it in a room that be very dark , base on review . i try several different dvd to verify that it be not just harry potter deathly hollows . also try star trek , and phantom of the opera . i try project from the dvd player as well as from my computer . i give up and put the dvd into my regular player .
973	Projector	NEG	2	i purchase this projtor base on the mostly positive review . first of all please note that this be not a hd projector . it simply accept hd signal via hdmi for example and the video signal be be downsize to vga picture quality . furthermore , the color be completely off . i be debate with myself if it be worth it to send it back and get another projector and ask friend who be over and the verdict be that this hurt they eye . do you research and be aware of these factor . if you want a better picture , then simply go with a name brand .
663	Projector	NEG	2	this be a good concept however the delivery of the product be cheap at best . the container be make of metal that be too thin to actually hold together . critical bracket be break when i receive the unit . also the screen be dirty and this should never happen in a new product . would not buy another one .
562	Projector	NEG	1	this quit work after just a few minute . we contact the company which manufacture it , and never get a answer . it go back the next day .
306	Projector	NEG	1	ysp-4100 with yst-fsw150 you have probably hear or read that a sound bar can not produce the effect of a true 5 channel surround system . that may be the understatement of the century ! despite the excellent rating of the professional reviewer , the ysp-4100 do not come close ! background : the purpose of these unit be to replace a 5.2 system to reduce clutter and eliminate a `` rat 's nest '' of cable and wire . i know that the change would not produce the same result as the old system but i do not expect how far off the result would be . very disappoint ! pro : clear , crisp sound with very good voice reproduction . con : surround sound effect insubstantial . i want to make clear that the sound quality of this sound bar be top notch ! it be the lack of surround effect that be most disappointing . setup : after the physical installation , i run the initial auto setup . the result sound be less than dull , no surround , all sound come from center of sound bar . over several day , i make numerous manual adjustments . the sound improve but nowhere near what $ 1,900 + of speaker should produce . i then make slight adjustment to microphone position , furniture , and close a door . ran auto setup again and get the same dull , no surround result . also find that auto setup wipe out manual setting . i reestablish manual setting . the source of the audio be a large factor . in general dvd and cable movie sound the best . once in a while i run across a movie with superior sound and the sound bar reproduce this almost to my expectation . even though the sound spread beyond the sound bar itself , it remain in the front half of the room . you can get these same result from most $ 300 sound bar . i consider try to live with these speaker for a few month think that perhaps i would get use to the difference . but why should one spend nearly $ 2000 just to accept inferior result ? both unit have be return !
47	Projector	NEG	1	this tv lamp have stop work after 8 month . it be suppose to work for 3to4 yr . the previous lamp that come with the tv last for 4 year . there be nothing wrong with the tv . i will never buy anything from this company anymore .
869	Projector	NEG	1	this be by far the worst product i ever buy on amazon . i drop $ 200 on something that be probably worth about $ 20 . please do not buy this projector to save a little money . you 'll just end up get a new one . the light 's dim , the speaker have no volume control , the pixel be lousy and the fan be loud . please stay away from this one .
13	Projector	NEG	2	order this projector after read good review here and elsewhere . initially i be quite impressed by the image quality , very decent 720p image that match my expectaion . however , about 9 month into use , the projector start develop bad pixel . i make the obviouse mistake of not return it on the spot for a in-warranty repair . initially just a few ... but the situation deteriorate over time . i be now about 18 month from first use and the device be unusable ; there be over 100 bad pixel -lrb- mostly white -rrb- plus a `` bad '' black line run across at about 2\/3 the screen . obviously there be something significantly wrong with the reliability of the dlp device use in this design ... i have contact customer support ... look forward to they reply . update may-31-12 : have return the unit to optoma for repair - they gracefully accept this as a `` in warranty repair '' even though technically out of the guarantee 12-month period . good expereince ... make i comfortable of purchase optoma product in the future .
350	Projector	NEG	1	i would have give 3.5-4 star for picture quality . i still run my 14 year old sonyg90 crt projector through a faroudja processor and nothing i have see since can beat it . not even close . biggest problem i have with the picture really be poor reproduction of black which to i separate the great and the good . the one star come from build quality and customer service . i always believe the true test of a company be how they back a product . well two lamp go down , the original in just about 100 hour . arghh !! it be like buy a gillette razor on sale know they will get you for 10 year on the blade . i purchase the product with a extend 1 year warranty and when the third lamp do not work i realize i have a problem with the projector . panasonic refuse to honor the extended warranty and although i write they detailed description of the problem customer service basically send i a form letter deny the second year . i give up and toss it in the garbage . many people seem to have post similar comment about the panasonic ptax200u in regard to product build issue and customer service . my advice ... . listen !!!
183	Projector	NEG	1	purchase the ex51 model from a office store retailer . after 9 month and only on it be fourth use , it quit ! no power whatsoever ! office store say have to deal with the manufacturer and they would not exchange it . epson would only replace it with a used model , not a new one . said that be the only choice i have . extremely upset with the product and especially epson service . stay away from this product !!!!!!
883	Projector	NEG	1	i have do the research about the projector and come up with conclusion to purchase the viewsonic pjd5122 . the power do not work properly . the light of power button be turn on but the fan do not work and there be no light out of the lense . the speaker also do not work also . the projector keep search for the signal `` signal loss '' all the time . i be so frustrated and call the technical support i be lucky to talk to a tech guy who be physically in india . i still have the problem to communicate with the guy . anyway , i be lucky to return this item back to circuit city .
735	Projector	NEG	1	at the first day , the proyector work very well ... but the second the day the video image be out , only appear dot white in the black botton ... . . i send a email for help to optoma and they dont help i
205	Projector	NEG	1	just over a year in , and of course my screen be full of dead pixel . the unit be basically unusable . do not buy . be fun while it last .
929	Projector	NEG	1	i get my proyector in the mail anf right out of the box it have a problem with the audio , could not fix the problem so a call amazon and they send i a new one the next day -lrb- amazon costumer service be exelent -rrb- i recive the 2nd one and everything work great for one hole day , i be very happy in till the hdmus port stare to act funny , the hdmus will lose complete signal , this be very anoying because everytime i have to desconect my ps3 or blue ray and hook it right back to get the signal go again !! i have 2 for a week and only be able to use it one day for about 2 hour ... . what a pain in the butt !! . . my son be upset because the thing do not work for he ps3 and it make my experiance on get this product soo miserable , i will not recomend this unit if you be plane on using it with hdmi ports !! im returning it and getting my money back !!
797	Projector	NEG	1	try to use this projector this week to put a slideshow onto a wall at a trade show . turn off all spot light in the stand and the hall be not very brightly light ; even so , most of the slide be not readable as the projector be just too weak of a output . not suitable for this application . it might work in a totally dark room but be not usable when there be even a small amount of ambient light .
829	Projector	NEG	1	it be unbelievable how a company with the reputation of 3m release a product like this in the market !! what be it mean for ?? the light be so dim that you can not watch movie , do presentation , whatever . it be useless ! the favorable report we see around must be from company people . only insane people can give a favorable rating to this piece of ... how to call it ?
922	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this lamp to replace the one in my ep719 projector , follow the instruction that come with the bulb , and it blow up my projector . i think maybe i get a defective lamp , but the other reviewer that have the same thing happen make i think these be just junk . stay away ! although i do get a refund for the bulb itself , neither amazon or the seller offer to replace or fix my projector . for try to save $ 30 , i lose hundred !
835	Projector	NEG	1	i agree with mr. mitchell that these be falsely represent as oem lamp from optoma . i be in the process of try for a refund - the bulb do not even turn on in the projector . the projector be function perfectly when the last bulb finish its predict life . the seller be extremely anxious that i remove my negative comment and repeatedly request they removal . if other dissatisfied individual have remove they negative comment already , a balanced set of review may not even be available and people will continue to get burn . however , the seller do post a full refund -lrb- incl shipping -rrb- back onto my credit card , when i ship the lamp back .
686	Projector	NEG	1	ever since we get this projector out of the box we have have nothing but trouble . just get it to power on take about 10 minute of button push and connect and reconnect before we can coax it to power up . and sometimes it receive the hdmus signal and sometimes it do not . technical support from optoma be just about be poor as tech support can be , with nothing better than a web form to fill out , and a promise they will get back to i in 24-48 hour , by e-mail ! then once they get back to you , you be catch in a very slow e-mail correspondence , and then you give up .
32	Projector	NEG	2	i receive my screen the 120 hd . it arrive with minor damage to the box . when i open it , i quickly notice a dent on the back side of the screen . i be not to concern with this , know that this side would not be see . after hang the screen , and pull it down , it look really nice . as other have mention , there be a few wave in the screen , but it look great . mine have a small problem though , once you pull it down and lock the screen , it retract back up on its own , its hard to notice right away since this motion be very slow . in about 45 min the screen be back in its original position . i do not want to deal with the hassle of send it back , so i decide to tie it down with a hook screw attach to we console stand . you can not tell its rig , but i plan to get a better one in the future , this will do for now consider the price . it blow to have get a damage one . i contact favi via they website and receive a email back . the rep there already know what my problem be , but ignore my request for technical help . if you need a cheap screen , go for it , take the chance of get a good one , but be prepare to deal with the issue of a lemon .
397	Projector	NEG	2	this system sound pretty good -- for a three channel system . we have a rectangular room with reasonably reflective surface , but the surround feature of this unit really do not work at all . the center\/left\/right front channel sound good , but surround be non-existent . do not buy if you be look for something with surround . i be not satisfy ; it be go back .
830	Projector	NEG	1	buy this base on lead life expectancy . be able to project a satisfactory image for my golf simulator in a dimly light room . try to power up on day 3 but notice power lead be not light . power cord be ok but there be no instruction or help on vendor web site about any internal fuse . so i send it back . pro : low price , easy setup , decent -lrb- not hd ,3 d , et . al -rrb- picture for my use . con : product be flimsy build , instruction & web site low quality . i do not need a high end product and be hope this would last . but after i open it up and see how cheap it be build i get a little nervous ... with good reason .
981	Projector	NEG	2	i buy the p1 jr. . pico projector specifically to plug into my ipad 2 and iphone 4 . note that the unit do not come with any ipad\/iphone connector cable . it do come with composite av cable so i buy the $ 50 apple composite av cable to use . the apple cable do not work . after contact support , i be tell i have to buy the $ 25 iphone\/ipad connector cable from they . i buy the cable from they only to then find out the projector do not project everything . it only project youtube and apps that have be specifically write to allow project . keep in mind i have the ipad 2 . it project everything when plug into my regular projector or tv . that be a feature of the ipad 2 , you can plug it into a tv and everything get display . unlike the original ipad 1 that do require app to be write to allow external viewing . i spend almost $ 200 on the unit and cable to find out it do not project the internet . major fail . if want this unit to project the internet , it will not work . the projector itself be very small and nice . the display be fairly decent when use in a dark room . however if you want to project internet , it will not work .
813	Projector	NEG	1	this be only a very basic item and not intend for use to project for even medium size audience . the light be very weak and have difficulty project much further than 8 foot .
688	Projector	NEG	2	we have use this projector for less than 20 hour and be already get a lamp error replace lead blinking light . i will be test the 90 day manufacture warranty on the bulb . up until this issue i feel like i have a good product for the price .
961	Projector	NEG	2	i purchase this product because i do not want to spend a whole lot of money , but i want to be able to watch movie on my wall in my house . i purchase it basically know that for the cheap price , it would not be that great , but i have hope for some reason that it would be passable and get the job do . but i be wrong . with most of my movie , i could not even make out the identity of the character that be show from the movie . i do not recommend get this product as it be a waste of very valuable money on my part . if you really want to buy a projector , then i recommend save up you money to buy a really great quality one -lrb- the really good one average from about $ 500 and up -rrb- . but , if you do buy this product , here be a tip : although the picture be barely recognizable , it help if the surface you be project on it very large . again , i do not recommend this product at all . i recommend save up for a quality one if a projector really something you want .
97	Projector	NEG	1	i think this would be a good mount , and maybe it would be , if it come assemble . this crap come ship to i in a bunch of piece . the instruction be hard to understand , and just look at the first diagram , it be actually miss a part in the instruction . when try to assemble it accord to the instruction , some of the bolt be too short . the mixed bag of bolt and washer be also very difficult to identify which be which . in the end , i try every single possible combination and come to the conclusion that the bolt they send be wrong . i would like to have the last hour of my life back which i waste try to assemble this piece of crap . they make this in china for $ 1 . do not buy it , go to home depot and figure something out for cheaper .
715	Projector	NEG	2	i purchase this epson projector for the same reason a lot of people probably due . 1 . it be a epson . they make great product . 2 . the amazon.com price be much lower than retail . 3 . the description promise a huge picture with a nice image . 4 . hdmus input and the promise of `` near hd '' quality picture . well . yes , it do look nice and it have a self-contained dvd player . the hook-up be easy to reach and the remote glow in the dark . however : the ability to change setting lack completely . it be like a robot : `` i must do it this way . '' the lamp get hot ! very hot ! so hot , that the exhaust make it nearly impossible to adjust the front leg . well , do not even worry about do that , because then you have white screen fill with no picuture . the keystone adjustment work for the picture itself , but not the entire project light image . the screensaver be something from the original atari and the speaker sound muffle ; they be such bad quality speaker that , in order to hear the word , you have to turn it up to the point where you ear hurt from the loudness of everything else . only the eco setting let the fan noise decrease enough to even hear the speaker . this be a piece of garbage projector . unless , you really wanna watch all of you television and movie in stunning 480i picture quality -lrb- like a old vhs tape -rrb- but really really big !!!!! - then this be for you . otherwise , save you money and buy a 32 '' or 37 '' lcd 720 or 1080 tv . heck , for $ 499.00 , you can probably get a decent 32 '' class full hd 1080p television or 37 '' class 720p hd television . do not waste you money on this projector . if , the 720p or 1080 hd one ever come down to a decent price ; i will consider buy another one . until then , i 'll stick with the flat screen .
416	Projector	NEG	2	buy this item for my husband as a christmas gift . i read so many review about pico projector and focus on this one because it seem to be the best out there . then i read dozen of review on the pk 301 . i have mix feeling and i be not sure it this be a good purchase . my husband open it christmas morning and go to we bedroom to test it out . we bedroom have burgundy wall and the shades be down , so there be very little light or brightness in the room . when i come into the room to check it out , he already have it pack up in the box and say `` send it back '' . picture quality be poor , even in we dark bedroom . what be worse , be that when i tell he what it cost , he jaw hit the floor ! i do not necessarily think that this specific model or brand be no good , but i think that as a whole , pico projector be just not there , technologically speak . it be like the christmas gift you could not wait for as a kid because it look so cool on the commercial and the idea be great in theory , but once you use it , you be incredibly disappointed because it do not live up to the claim . this be one toy -lrb- yes , that be really all it be , because it be just not functional -rrb- that i recommend you skip , especially for the $ $ $ .
211	Projector	NEG	1	this projector lack many feature include a\/v mute . it use a propritary video cable that have break on my unit twice . have to order replacement cable from infocus store at a premium price . lamp life be really bad . have two bulb explode -lrb- yes explode and smoke -rrb- in the unit . now i be have trouble get another replacement lamp . if i want a new lamp i have to send it back to infocus to get a power supply upgrade . this thing be a hunk of junk - nothing good to say about it . i will never buy a infocus product again !
820	Projector	NEG	2	alarm clock have auto time setting , it was off 4 min first day and off 5 min the next . the alarm did go off but off 10 min or so . i think timex be the best and i just get a lemon . i contact the company to return it . you will be directed to the return policy to read the page of requirement and the whole process be to try to not get you to return it or trip you up so that you return it not the way stated and they can refuse the return !! after pay 8.95 in postage to send back the `` lemon '' , amazon send a email that they be processing my return -lrb- at least i make it through the return process !! -rrb- and i should see a credit to my card in 10 day for the amt of the `` lemon '' only . i pay 8.95 to get it and paid 8.95 to send it back . i will never buy online again ! lesson learn .
190	Projector	NEG	2	this be absolutely not a fit for optoma hd20 . i do not know how it fit other projector , but if you have hd20 look somewhere else . the mount assembly be too big for the tiny optoma and it be too hard to fit it in . if you try the centroid method the manual suggest , its nearly impossible to align the hole to match . once you put it together and mount it on the ceiling , it will still have some tiny wobble and adjust to fit the screen be quite a task . tighten the bolt do not really help so much . the only good thing be that the piece that attach to the ceiling be very strong and well build . in general , remember to loosen the bolt before hoist it on the ceiling . you will have to oil the bolt and put a lot of strength to loosen they . they be terribly tight . stay away from it if you have a hd20 !
857	Projector	NEG	1	i 'll chime in that mine , too , shut off randomly and will not allow i to do anything useful with it . i think it be a great thing to play guitar hero on , since there be no lag and it have a good picture , but 3 month later and it just shut off for fun . if someone could post a nice repair guide for it i would love to take a look . there be no way i be send it to kansas like the other guy who make a comment .
881	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this mount base on a review by someone who say that he have have the same projector that i have -lrb- epson 8100 -rrb- . i use this as a wall mount in the back of my room which i be tell i can . the mount should be gear drive as it slip because it be a smooth connection . the set screw do not hold it in place as they should , it still slip and the projector rest against the wall . i have have to readjust my screen to fit the configuration that this mount have decide for i . it state that it will hold projector weigh much more than mine but it will not even hold my 18lb projector without slip . i do not recommend this mount .
767	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this unit because the specification say he have a powerful and it be perfect for teacher but the device be not even recognize by the laptop , the backlight be terrible in the light of day . the screen size be extremely small and do not match the description give by the seller . definitely do not recommend this product to anyone . the quality be terrible . in addition , i purchase this product from costa rica , and now i regret the money spend on this device to bring up my country . this be my first purchase from amazon disappoint i . people please ... do not buy this unit because they will throw away they money .
574	Projector	NEG	1	i hate this one , it doesnot work with computer , and make my event bad , i try many laptop , but failure . i dont know what be wrong , i return it . even i be not professional , amy i dont know how to operater , but the projector should be easy to connect to computer . i mean , should connet automaticlly .
40	Projector	NEG	2	buy this to mount my epson 8350 projector ... i be die to get this thing mount and in my living room . however , it be not to be . it `` just miss '' the hole on the 8350 ... some people in the review have say it do fit the epson 8350 and it have detail instruction . the product i receive do not fit it , and it be `` instruction '' be one sheet of paper let you know how many of each piece you should have , and a schematic . no step by step . regardless , call the return phone number on the packaging , and speak with a woman who say , in addition to the 1 '' and 3 '' extender that be include , they also have 5 '' extender , which would fit the espon 8350 . they be ship `` for free '' -lrb- with a $ 3 shipping charge -rrb- . so , although it say universal , it be not quite . i 'll update my review when the piece come in ... but i now have to delay hang this a week . i would rather not ... sigh . = = = = = update = = = = = i receive the extender ... and it work fine . but it be false advertising to say this be `` universal '' when it do not fit all projector . so ... buyer beware .
909	Projector	NEG	2	the qumi be a well conceive projector but be premature and over price . after the projector warm up it be not possible to get a clean focus top to bottom or side to side , a standard -lrb- trr -rrb- av cable will not work for composite video as a proprietary cable be require and be not supply at the moment . also not supply be a component cable do not bother call tech support for technical information they will not give the pin out for the minus av jack -lrb- tip sound , ring sound , ring ground , sleeve video -rrb- it be hard to believe in the advertising about 720p as 720p blur look like ldtv -lrb- 240p -rrb- look ok if you be half blind 5 star price for a 2 star projector with focus problem because of the float focus this negate the projector great feature and make it over price by $ 150 to $ 200 do not get i wrong this be a nice tech toy but for $ 499 it should have a uniformed focus , it be one of only two job a projector have to do . in today 's economy i try to get the best value for my hard earn cash and have become more critical of product that struggle to keep up with the brand name and message . wait six month to a year the market will be flood with similar device at the right price point . so shop wisely shop amazon  vivitek qumi q2 300 lumen wxga hdmi 3d-ready pocket dlp projector -lrb- black -rrb-
731	Projector	NEG	1	this projector do not work properly and the vendor do not respond to inquiry . the product do not come with complete warranty information or address for service . there be no contact information for the manufacturer . you be better off with a name brand and\/or local vendor .
22	Projector	NEG	1	my pt-ax100u 's iris break after 10 month of use . 8 month after the iris be replace , the new iris break again . since so many people report this problem , panasonic must recall this projector .
254	Projector	NEG	1	out of the box , the instruction be nearly incomprehensible . after i get it mount it be fine . it do everything i need it to do . i raised\/lowered it probably 2x a week for less than 3 month and the motor go out . the screen just plop all the way down and would not raise . as mention in other review , it cost more to ship the product back to favi for repair than i pay for the screen itself . i end up open up the case to try to fix it -lrb- stupid on my part -rrb- and make it 100x worse . i hope the motor would last longer than 3 month , so i will not be buy anything favi brand again . i reach out to customer service , so depend on what they say i may change my mind .
524	Projector	NEG	1	last only 4.5 month . : -lrb- i be not sure what to think of it . other than a : -lrb- face , i think i will go a different route , because my oem lamp last for year ...
176	Projector	NEG	2	i buy this as a much need tool in my classroom . we raise we own money since we be not give anything -lrb- thanks to the economy -rrb- . anyway , i be a bit disappointed because you have to turn off all the light and close the blind -lrb- which make it impossible for my student to see they papers to follow along . i guess i learn my lesson not to go for the least expensive item as you get what you pay for .
573	Projector	NEG	1	work great the first day and by the second day it lose color and third day it be completly dead .
392	Projector	NEG	2	so i would have to agree with most of the post . i like the projector alot but i feel the 20,000 hour for the bulb be mislead . i probably use it 8 hour a day . i leave it on in the background quite a bit . with 20,000 hour why not ? i have have it for 13 -lrb- ish -rrb- month and i now need a new bulb . during startup within the first minute , the left hand side of the screen flicker then go halfway dark . i have contact favi twice and have not hear back . language barrier ? i be post this because this be the whole reason i buy the projector in the first place . the bulb . besides the bulb i like it . it be be a great first projector . i hope to hear from favi as i would like to fix this . i feel a little leave out in the cold as there be no replacement bulb available . if someone have a link to a replacement bulb please email i or post here . i hope this be not a disposable projector . update 5-18-12 favi do end up send i a new projector in the case above . no complaint , good help . but , i just have the bulb go out on i for the second time last night . this bulb go out on the new unit they send i after a year and 2 month -lrb- wait for favus the find my records\/respond -rrb- . so , when it say 20,000 hour on the bulb it be utter nonsense . i be either really unlucky or these bulb be not what they claim to be . so i buy this projector specifically because it have a lead , and i 'll never deal with bulb , be not work for i . i 'll update this review when i hear back . 14 year bulb life ? try 14 month like any other projector have be my experience .
720	Projector	NEG	2	i buy a pc last year with the nvidia 3d system , it come with a samsung monitor and it look fantastic . i instantly think `` i need a bigger screen '' so i go to nvidia 's page to view compatible display . the optoma hd66 be and still be list as be compatible an support . so i buy one ... well guess what ? it be neither compatible or currently support . if you search the nvidium page you will find that if you hd66 be build before august of 2010 -lrb- that be right , august of 2010 ! -rrb- it will not work . i then call optoma tech support and be tell by the phone tech that in order for it to work , it have to be send back to the factory for modification and that i would be responsible for the shipping ... i tell the guy that that be outrageous and i would simply return it and get something that actually do work as advertise . in case you wonder , i purchase the acer h5360 . . i should have purchase it the first time around , not only do the 3d work flawlessly , it have way more feature than the hd66 like `` auto keystone , auto orientation , color wall compensation '' to name a few . if you look for a 3d projector that really deliver , you can wait two month till the actually compatible hd66 's hit the street -lrb- and hope they work -rrb- or you can get the acer h5360 . of course deal with amazon be the only way to go , the return of the hd66 be simple and i be enjoy real 3d in my living room on the acer .
382	Projector	NEG	1	the first two people that praise this junk obviously work for the company that make it . a bic lighter throw more light that this weak projector . my unit 's hdmi port do not work -lrb- no sync -rrb- , the headphone jack do not work -lrb- even when the menu selection be set to line -rrb- , and the resolution suck -lrb- 640x480 - where as 800x600 should be consider a bottom barrel minimum -rrb- . the focus be not uniform from far leave to far right , and top to bottom . the construction look like a toy make in a third-world country . fortunately , i also order the led samsung 410 for less than $ 600 . my buddy have the p400 , and i be wow by it be picture quality . it do not have hmdus -lrb- the only real reason i buy this junk in the first place -rrb- , but now i could care less .
470	Projector	NEG	1	this product simply do not work in transmit video from a ipad to a projector . i return it for credit .
511	Projector	NEG	2	i order this item after read the review on amazon of how the product be a great value . well , the product material seem good . the electric version -lrb- the one i order -rrb- have a nice convenience of be able to roll up the screen if need . but , the screen curl at the edge -lrb- the black part of the screen side -rrb- . unfortunately , these curl part also extend to the white surface -lrb- actual screen area -rrb- , so the edge of the image be distort . i guess you get what you pay for . if you want a distortion-free image , stay away from this product . after one week of use , i see more image distortion , so the surface be definitely not flat ! for a classroom or boardroom , this product would work well , but for a home theater application , it fall way short . update : i could not take the screen uniformity problem -lrb- curl and wave -rrb- , so have to return it for another brand . well worth the extra $ 84 for a elite screen !
954	Projector	NEG	1	after read all the positive review here on amazon , i be exuberant about order this 120 '' screen . i have no idea what i be in for . the fume that off-gas from this favus 120 '' screen produce a horrific smell that be so overwhelming , my room be uninhabitable even after several day of nonstop ventilation . upon further research i discover that these fume may be highly toxic , even carcinogenic . i really want this screen to work and i do everything i could to air-out the fume , but after 10 day of anguish i finally decide to return it . i decide that a cheap projector screen be not worth a reduction in life-expectancy . on a side-note , the screen be not particularly impressive from the standpoint of image quality . i electronically lower the screen while i be watch a movie project on my wall , and i could not tell the difference -lrb- seat 12 foot away -rrb- between the screen and the wall . i should mention that i have stucco wall which theoretically would make for a horrible viewing surface . most wall would work better than what i have in my home and yet i still could not detect even a slight improvement in the integrity of the image use the favi screen . i email the company to no avail . they have not respond to my inquiry regard the fume . much to my surprise , favi entertainment do not supply a phone number on its website . how can i trust a company that do not even have a phone number ? i be leave to conclude that favi be a irresponsible manufacturer that disregard customer service . edit : i finally receive a email from favi 's office in michigan at 10:45 pm est state that it will take `` two week '' for the screen to `` air-out . '' i have already have the screen for almost two week and it smell just as bad as it do on day one . perhaps i just get a faulty unit . in any case , something about this company do not smell right . this screen be not to die for , pardon the pun .
643	Projector	NEG	1	8\/16\/11 : i have now enter the 21st century with this alarm clock ! it have so many wonderful feature ! first , the number be nice and large , so it be easy for this baby boomer to read ! it also have a projection feature that project the time on the ceiling ! so i do not have to look at the clock to see what time it be , just take a look at the ceiling ! second , it have a automatic time zone feature . in program mode , select the number that correspond to you time zone and voilum ! it automatically set it for the time and date ! third , it have two separate alarm . depend on the type of wake-up call you want , you can set alarm 1 for a gentle wake-up call -lrb- soothing sound for example or easy listening -rrb- and alarm 2 for those urgent , immediate wake-up call on the day you have to get to work asap . and you have you choice of soothing sound : bird chirp & chime , ocean wave , etc. . you can program the alarm to set off 7 day a week , mondays-fridays only , or weekend only . that be a great feature so you do not get wake up to you favorite heavy metal station on the weekend ! it have a backup battery system that will still wake you up even if you have a power outage during the night . my favorite feature be the `` sleep '' feature , in which you can set the clock to play soothing sound for 60 - 99 minute . this help to put i and my little pre-school son to sleep . it shut off after the alloted time . the instruction be easy to read and follow , although you do have to read they to figure out the feature . 8\/19\/11 update : i have be force to lower my rating from 5 star to 3 . i guess that be why this clock be only $ 29.99 . after about 3 day , it start to do some wonky thing . i be use the `` sleep '' feature to play the soothing sound mode and that have stop work . when i press it , the display alternately flash the time and a radio station . i keep have to play with it until i can at least get the soothing sound to play . it have a very long , thin wire antenna which could easily break off , so that be not so great . alarm 1 seem not to work all the time . i keep refer to the instruction to reset the `` sleep '' feature and alarm 1 , and i do everything step by step , yet the `` sleep '' feature do not work and alarm 1 be iffy . the instruction be not very good when you be try to troubleshoot . too bad , because the feature be really nice on the clock ... if only they would keep work . 9\/2\/11 update : radio no longer work . soothing sound do not work . sleep mode do not work . i set alarm 1 for 6:45 am and it somehow switch on its own to 6:45 pm . drop rating to 1 star . i have have the clock for almost a month , and it seem more of its feature stop work . i do not recommend this clock . the basic clock still keep time , and the projection light work , but that be about it . 9\/15\/11 update : alarm do not work at all . the only thing this clock do be keep time . the light that reflect the time on the ceiling still work , but all the other feature do not . i have never have a product go bad so quickly . 9\/20\/11 : clock be dead . have to unplug it while clean . when i plug it back in , nothing display . never have i have a product that die so quickly as this one . save you money and buy another brand . do not buy this clock . timex be know for watch , but not alarm clock . total disappointment .
375	Projector	NEG	1	the bulb be for my secondary tv . it be only use during the weekend when the kid be not in school . the bulb be replace a couple week ago and it burn out . the vendor be excellent . i be show what to do to get a replacement . yet the quality of the bulb be definitely not worth to explore
608	Projector	NEG	1	yes , it be wonderfully small , lightweight , portable , and easy to operate . but what you get from this projector be a image that even in a dark room on a projector screen at a mere 30 '' diagonal have illegible word and color that be a miserable reflection of what you be try to project . -lrb- yes , i use the focus dial to try and sharpen the image . -rrb- if you be project in black-and-white or do not care about color , if you be show a presentation that have all 36-point font , or if you absolutely need to carry something in you pocket at all time in case you need to project a image , this be you baby . otherwise i suggest get creative , use something else , or skip the visual . my expectation may have be unrealistic . make sure yours be not .
287	Projector	NEG	1	i return this projector , mostly because the picture be pretty bad with standard def . source . nintendo wii look pretty bad , and standard def . tv and dvd look considerably less sharp than on my standard def . projector . other problem : it ship with horrible look color , the preset from the manuf . be terrible look . after tweaking , you can get a ok look picture but at that point the brightness be greatly reduce so i do not consider this to be a particularly bright projector . black level be not great either . i never try it with high def . source because the standard def . performance be a deal breaker for i . i replace it with a much cheaper projector , the nec np115 and i be much happier with that one . standard def . look great , and the review say that high def . look even better -lrb- i have not try a high def . source yet though -rrb- . the nec 's preset look great , the high brightness setting retain decent color so they be useful , and black level and shadow detail appear to be at least as good as on the hd66 . if you view a fair amount of standard def . content , i do not recommend the hd66 .
452	Projector	NEG	1	i purchase this projector refurbish off woot.com for $ 650 . great deal , right ? i then build a entire home theater around this unit , purchase a 5.1 surround receiver and speaker system , electric projector screen , mount hardware , speaker wire , etc. . by the time all equipment come in and i be ready to set up the system it be about 45 day later . it work great for about one week , then the lamp start shut off . i call and they say it be the lamp that need to be replace and it would cost $ 250 to do so , because the lamp be only guarantee for 30 day -lrb- the rest of the projector 90 day -rrb- . i only put about 30 hour of time on the lamp and it will cost i $ 250 more dollar ? that put the cost of the projector over what it would cost to buy new in only one week 's time . i be stick return the projector back to woot for the refund and look for a better company that make hd projector for my theater . my sister be also on she 3rd optoma projector because of shoddy circuitry . she be send she 's back before to find that it would cost she $ 400 for out of warrantee service . you may have better luck than i , but buy at you own risk because optoma do not stand behind they product and will overcharge you for the repair .
422	Projector	NEG	1	the whole part be solid except the screw , shame when a screw break inside the connect plastic side of the projector , it ruin everything .
235	Projector	NEG	1	we purchase a benq pb 6100 projector . if the overall quality of the projector be fine , such be not the case of the lamp which blow up in less than 6 week !!! and worse benq do not honor they international guarantee and the support center do not respond to the email for exchange the lamp -lrb- price 400 $ ! -rrb- . overall a very poor support . my last boxlight lamp be still run after 4 year . this be my first benq but surely the last . a strong suggestion , do not buy benq .
259	Projector	NEG	2	save you money and get a better projector . even for kid you could get a cheap chinese model from ebay for about the same price that be much brighter .
931	Projector	NEG	2	so , i do a ton of research before make this purchase , and i be still blind-sided by poor design choice across the board on the pk301 . first of all , i be mac base , so in order to convert my video file -lrb- why do this not offer the ability to play back more codec ? -rrb- i have to load up handbrake . after several hour of completely waste time convert video to the claim acceptable codec and fail to have any of they work on the projector , i sit down and begin to search for a answer online -lrb- the proper info on how to handle the video file convert for mac user be not include in the manuel -rrb- i manage to figure out the very strict guideline for the file conversion process . i begin convert a few video to test the projector and put they on a 4gig microsd card . the first video i transfer be a 22 minute tv show . the file size come to be around 540mb . it do not work . i spend another half day struggle with this until i try change the file 's extension from . m4v to . mp4 . miraculously , once i do that , it play fine . would have be good to know this a day earlier . seriously ? seriously ? ok . so after all that , i finally have the proper -lrb- and somewhat tedious -rrb- direction on how to get these file prep to work on this thing . boy , let i tell you , you better not be the spontaneous type , because the the time it take to prep a video file for this thing be enough to kill the spirit of any group hope to watch a video outside on the fly . second major problem be the battery life . now , every single write up i find online mention some fabled `` extended 5 hour battery '' for this thing . where ? where be it ? i 'll pay for it ! i have the money . 200 dollar ? fine ! fine ! where the hell be it ?! it do not exist . that be all there be to it . it be not real . do not buy this thing because of that `` 5 hour battery '' you have read about on every single tech blog that mention this projector , because it do not exist . so , as a alternative , there be third party adapter that do not come package with the proper cable to be use with the pk301 , so who need that ? yet another ridiculous brick wall separate i from really enjoy this projector . sure , you can find a extra batter -lrb- the exact same one that come with the projector -rrb- for 30 buck ... but where the hell be the 5 hour ? where ? where be it?@!!!@!!!!! the next problem be the internal firmware . come on guy . update please . and post the update on you website and make it easy to find and implement on both mac and pc . this be just ridiculous . if one of my movie file be bigger than 2gigs it will not show up as a valid file ? be you serious ? why ? so i have to go through the messy process of trial and error in order to break my movie file up into multiple smaller file on order to use they on this projector ? this be absolutely unnecessary ! get in there and overhaul the firmware of this thing and update it ! make it better ! add more codec ! allow for the recognition of larger file ! release the extended battery ! what the hell be the matter with this company ? it could be so easy to dominate the pico projector market with these simple product adjustment and additional support . the other problem here be the provide cable . if you want to use you iphone or ipad , you 'll need to dig around and figure out what sort of adapter and nonsense you 'll need . i have not bother yet , but i be sure it will probably set i back another couple of hundred buck and about 4 daisy chained cable before i have thing set up . from what i have read online you 'll get you iphone or ipad connect , but the slightest movement could result in the cable lose they connection . you 'll have to jiggle they in order to get it back up . wonderful . why not one cable ? directly from the iphone\/ipad , right into the projector via usb or mini hdmus ? do this exist ? well , if it do , i be sorry i do not spend the better part of my week painstakingly search the deepest part of the internet in order to find it . i guess it be my fault . i 'll get right on that . let i free up my schedule for the rest of the month so i can devote every wake moment to comb the endless span of the internet in order to find this nonexistent direct connection ipad\/iphone adapter and `` 5 hour '' extend battery . to be completely honest , i would not be this upset if this product be not so so close to be incredible . i have thousand of movie and tv show save as avi , divx , etc. . i be ready and willing to spend more money on a -lrb- good -rrb- extend battery . i would spend money on a simple iphone \/ ipad adapter . come on .
530	Projector	NEG	1	rate as 3000 hour bulb life when purchase , today they claim 4000 hour . bulb last only 900 hour . service at `` unfocused '' do not care about create a satisfied customer base . would not replace bulb even on a prorated basis .
455	Projector	NEG	1	i just receive mine yesterday . it seem to work fine , however ... this morning the alarm do not go off . rather , the alarm did go off , i have it set to buzzer but simply be unable to hear it . here be why : the display dimmer control switch also control the volume of the buzzer alarm mode . this obviously be not intend during manufacture . the low setting of the dimmer control make the buzzer alarm barely audible , so faint that you have to put you ear very close to the unit to even hear it , and the high setting of the dimmer control seem to be the `` normal '' volume that should wake most individual . i be currently in contact with timex await a response as to what exactly they intend to do about this major manufacturing boo boo . can you say ... recall ?
216	Projector	NEG	1	too bad the excellent electronics and picture be totally cancel out by a bulb that do not last as advertise . epson tout 4000 hour lamp life , but it be a big lie ! first bulb last 660 hour , die after the 90 day warranty on the bulb , but be replace under a secret extension to the warranty by epson . second bulb last 700 hour , but the overall 2 year warranty be up , so tough luck . so , two bulb , 25 month of service , 1360 hour . you need to figure a new $ 270 bulb for each year of life when you calculate the cost to operate this pj .
462	Projector	NEG	1	just like another person say , this product be garbage . i buy the 120 ft screen . i install it -lrb- pay someone to do this -rrb- and roll it down to start view a picture on it . the screen look great and i be happy until it be time to roll it back up . the retract mechanism do not work and my screen wont roll up no matter what i try . now amazon want i to pay to ship this back and its look like it will cost a fortune due to its size . such a headache !!!!!!!!
597	Projector	NEG	1	the vivitar 5000 arrive with the inner , manufacturers box , unprotected from the outer shipping carton . both carton be intact ; however , i assume it was drop very hard from a considerable hight ... three of the four lens in the projector be knock out of their brackets and loose in the vivitar assembly rendering the projector completely inoperative . contact the shipper brought immediate statement that it would be pick up at my home asap by ups for return and the send of a new unit . i hope they pack it more carefully . the contact person say it be carefully pack . i be sure it be supposed to be but in reality it was not ! i have hear that both fedex and ups in their conveyor belt sorting have transitions with drops of 2 feet or more in the process . this report be second hand but one company -lrb- making high frequency amateur band linear amplifiers -rrb- say 40 % of their shipping of amplifiers be arrive severely damage that they have resort to putting their amplifier cartons on pallets for more gentle handle by the freight companys . kenneth b. holden 2107 w. sacramento ave chico , ca 95973 530.894.8702 kenholden@comcast.net
885	Projector	NEG	1	this projector be good until the pixel start go out a few month after watch . it be not worth purchasing . the projector look good , but the pixel will die out fast .
638	Projector	NEG	1	this have be go around since this projector first come out . the dt-510 require the an-xr10l2 lamp . seller lamp be rate 275 watt where the dt-510 's lamp be 220 watt . half the dealer on the net have this screw up . dont believe i , just check the manual
618	Projector	NEG	1	the instruction be next to incomprehensible , and if you have a projector that only mount with 3 hole , there be no instruction on how to do it -lrb- hint : you have to remove one of the mount arm and re-mount in the center position -rrb- . after i go through all of that , i find that the center pole be attach to the bracket at a angle and i could not loosen it to straighten to a 90 degree angle , and this make it next to impossinble to get it positioned correctly for the screen . this would not have be so bad , but mount bracket also have no yaw control -lrb- horizontal rotation -rrb- , only roll and tilt , which be not good for precise postioning . i end up have to get a optoma bracket -lrb- more expensive -rrb- to mount my hd20 projector .
583	Projector	NEG	1	i just get my `` new '' projector today and the thing be already break and i want to call customer serve but no one work on the weekend anymore . plus i have to pay to ship the broken projector back to lonestar .
437	Projector	NEG	1	i recently buy this projector to replace a 5 year old projector that be start to go out . i travel and give recruit presentation on a weekly basis , and need something small , light and easy to travel with . this projector be definitely small and light , but it be make out of cheap plastic part that i could see break with frequent travel . i decide to hook it up and check it out , and be sadly disappoint . i think the led bulb be go to be great , but it be so dim that you need to be in a fully dark room to see , and the image quality be horrible . one part of the screen be in focus , and the other part be not . when you try to adjust this , one part get in focus and a new area go out of focus . there be also no keystone feature , so unless you plan on put the projector perfectly center on you screen , you will always be skewed and unfocused . got this product day one and send back already . buyer beware , you get what you pay for . i be convince from the first two review that it would be ok , but apparently they have never see another projector , because this one be terrible . i do not even check the speaker , because the image quality be so unusable i have to send back immediately . spend some more money and get a quality projector .
889	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this projector to upgrade my home theater from 2d to 3d . the projector function quite well in 2d and have a lot of 3d bell and whistle -lrb- i be assume for gaming -rrb- , but can not play 3d bluray dvd 's because it do not have a hdmus input . while i realize this may be a small problem for most people ; it be something that should be disclose in the product description from the manufacturer .
191	Projector	NEG	1	i do a lot of presentation , and the most important thing i need be the ability to control the presentation -lrb- move the powerpoint slide up and down -rrb- from the remote . this projector do not allow you to do that . when i call optoma to ask how to use the remote to do this -lrb- think i be miss something -rrb- , they say they have make a marketing decision to not put that feature into they cheaper projector . well , they may think $ 650 be cheap , but that be real money for something that do not do the most basic thing need in a business projector . the remote be also miss a `` hide '' function , which i find very useful . if you do not need either of these function , the projector be fine . also , if you be a road warrior like i be , 5 pound end up be too heavy . stick to a 3 pound model . optoma make one , it cost about $ 1000 , it probably have all the miss function , but after this experience i will not be go back to they . i 'll most likely be buy another planar .
312	Projector	NEG	1	i buy this item on jan 25 2011 and start use in february . after 10 month , it start to appear strange white dot , on the project visual ... it first start with a single white dot , and quickly number of dot increase to a annoying number of 30-40 -lrb- and s still increase -rrb- . as a default reflex i contact optoma -lrb- in the uk - as i live in london -rrb- . they simply respond they they can not help ... what a waste of money ! ps . it be good projector - when you first set up . but you can not use it with these white dot . and , as i research online , that seem like a common problem - often associate with a very expensive chip flaw ... beware !
765	Projector	NEG	2	the size and wieght of the unit be excellent . it have all the standard hook-up . the real weakness be the power of the lamp . the image from the projector can not be see in a light room . i think that i could use this for school ; however , the need for dark in order to see the image mean that my student can not see to write note . if you plan to use this product in a semi-lit room i do not think you will be able to clearly see the image project . if you plan to use this projector in a dimly light room , it may work for you .
78	Projector	NEG	1	this be very much a case of `` you get what you pay for '' . i be swap out the projector , screen , and projector mount for my church and grab this little guy because it be 1 -rrb- white and would blend in well and 2 -rrb- cheap . i figure anything that would keep the projector up in the air would be more than adequate . what i do not count on be the metal be so flimsy that it would start to bend and go crooked after a month , thanks to nothing but the 5lb of the projector and gravity . now we have a perpetually wonky display , a counterclockwise rotation that be just about 2 degree ... but be enough to drive most of we crazy . do yourself a favor , spend a extra fifty buck and get a mount that be sturdier and will last .
786	Projector	NEG	1	do not fit the epson powerlite home cinema 3010 , despite amazon recommendation to purchase this with the epson powerlite home cinema 3010 . a complete waste of money . undermine the trustworthiness of the amazon recomendation
818	Projector	NEG	2	got my unit a few minute ago , read the booklet and i be see that the light source be a elongate 150w clear bulb !!! replacement cost $ 25 here , my question be this - will this really qualify as a lcd projector or can i sue someone for false advertising since it be under this premise that i buy the unit ... . will update on functionality later on .
713	Projector	NEG	1	install the bulb and when i turn on the video i be disappointed beam illuminate very little , i do not recommend this bulb , never ever buy .
285	Projector	NEG	1	sent the wrong item , had to return it at my cost . not satisfied . even sent the old lamp back so they could compare it to wrong one they sent . told me they could not accept it and return it but did not send the right bulb . now i must re order and hope i get the right one .
839	Projector	NEG	2	we church also have get this unit , only use it on sundays . have it for under one year and the bulb go . say it have 72 % leave on it , hardly no where close to 2000-3000 hr . life . not happy with bulb .
