index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
109	Vacuum	POS	5	i have try many different vacuum . this be the only one that really get my house clean , which my allergy certainly appreciate . 1 -rrb- it pull the fine dust out of the base of my carpet -- now it `` squeek '' lightly when i walk on it -lrb- previously , the dust lubricate its motion against the pad -rrb- . 2 -rrb- because it be bagless , i can empty it right away and the nasty stuff do not get a chance to fester and smell bad the next time i use the vacuum . i really love use a vacuum that do not make the air dusty or smelly ! i do make a point of clean it out thoroughly -lrb- knock off the dust outside the house -- i only wash filter occasionally . -rrb- and i wipe off exterior dust with a microfiber `` miracle '' dust cloth . i do this cleaning after every use so it be nice , clean , and ready to go for next time . the first time i use it , there be so much dirt in my carpet i need to empty it after each room ! usually , though , it 'll do a big chunk of the house before the dust bin be full . i do not let the dustbin overfill , because then the dust get pull deeper into the machine . this be the second bissell i have own . the first one 's rotate brush burn up after two year , which disappoint i . but it be still worth it for the price !
182	Vacuum	POS	5	i research vacume cleaner on consumer report before i buy , as i want one that could handle a few rug and hardwood floor - we have a 2 year old and 2 lab . plus we just move to the coast and there be a lot of sand ! this be a loud , heavy machine that remind i of my grandmother 's , but it work ! it get everything up , whether it be on the bare floor or the rug , and it have the hose if you need it as well . this be a bit annoying to i , as i find that attachment just fall off and get in the way , but they be handy at time . anyhow , there be some bad vacume and some way overpriced one out there , so for the cost this one be great !
373	Vacuum	POS	5	the vacuum arrive very quickly and my carpet have never be cleaner . the vacuum put out a `` new car '' smell when i use it and leave nothing behind . i highly recommend this product but make sure you get backup bag because this beast miss nothing !
982	Vacuum	POS	4	between i and my roommate , we have 4 cat . one with long hair -lrb- mancoon -rrb- and the rest be short hair . i know that i need a good quality vacuum that would pick up the cat hair . i have have the vacuum now for nearly a year and it be still work like it be brand new . i have have no problem with it - i change the vacuum bag every 2-3 month and clean the filter out . i prefer the bagged vacuum because with the bagless it seem that you have to clean all the filter almost after each use . maybe someday i 'll be able to save up for a dyson but not anytime soon : p
699	Vacuum	POS	5	i be very pleased with this vacuum . would recommend it to a friend . you have to empty the bag-less container ofter , but that be the worst part . love all the attachment that it come with !
281	Vacuum	POS	5	this be quite handy little vac , and with the extendable hose , it will reach most any where . yes the battery run down at about 6 minute , but if i have a big job , i use my regular vac . it be as loud as my regular vac . i recommend this .
763	Vacuum	POS	5	i have a b&d; phv1800 for what seem like a couple of year now and it still perform flawlessly . even still hold a good charge although i think the battery be just begin to show it be age . contrary to many review on this and the fhv1200 , these both do exactly what i expect they to do ... be there and work when i need they to pick up dust ball , and other small job around the house . they be not design to be whole house or even whole room vacuum . run they for a few minute and put they back on the charge for the next use . they be not shop vac . it be unfortunate that b&d; find it necessary to force we to buy a new probuct and not be able to replace the battery for less than the cost of a new vac -lrb- on amazon -rrb- . what company do not realize when they do this be that they open up the door for we to look at other product . there go what may have be a loyal customer . the fhv1200 be just what i have be look for to supplement the 1800 . it be perfect for desktop , hobby area cleanup . i have a lot of tech equipment clutter my desk -lrb- actually it be bigger than a desktop -rrb- which i can not move or get around with the standard hand vac -lrb- even the 1800 -rrb- . this one with the flex hose be more than perfect . it be great for clean around the equipment as well as clean those keyboard , dusty equipment air vent , etc. . just be sure all you key be secure or this vac will suck they and anything else that might be loose in to its innards . bottom line ... it be a great product and do more than i expect it to do . one last point . clean the filter . a prior reviewer be upset at the difficulty of clean the pleated filter . i agree that if you do not figure out how to clean it , you might not get everything out of it . here be how i do it . once you have open the compartment and remove the plastic shield and carefully remove the filter take it to a trash can . best use you big one . hold the filter loosely with you thumb inside and the remainder of you finger loosely hold the outside , start tap the filter against the inside of the trash can . as you can see , the open end be up . as you tap , rotate the filter so you wind up tap every area of the filter . you will learn that you can tap it pretty good without damage it . the key be to never hold it tight . you will damage it . keep do this until it be free of all material . if you be persistent , you will completely clean the filter -lrb- unless you be try to pick up anything other than dry material . if you be try to use this as a wet-dry vac , all bet be off . -rrb-
851	Vacuum	POS	5	my old vacuum cleaner be a inexpensive bagless model and work ok but i never really like clean it out . i always feel like dirt be `` float '' back into the house when i remove the dirt holding tank . it be damage in a flood and i need a new one so reasearched bag vs. bagless vacuum online . my research reveal that if you want a bagless vacuum spend the extra money and get a expensive one but you can get by with a less expensive model if it use bag . i decide on this model and be very surprised at the suction and cleaning power . i would definately recommend this model and would buy it again .
404	Vacuum	POS	5	the service\/delivery be excellent , upon open the box and lift it out i realize that i as a weak -lrb- woman -rrb- would never have to vacuum again as this unit be on the heavy side , but work very well when operate by the male of the house .
625	Vacuum	POS	5	leave it to german engineering ! they sure get this one right . i be really hesitant to spend this much on a vacuum but if this miele s7210 last at least several year i will be satisfy . it be very quiet compare to the hoovers and electrolux that i have use and purchase in the past . i like the swivel\/rotating head design , be not originally sure about that . the layout of the accessory and design of the hose be very convenient . it have do great on we short pile wool rug , tile and hardwood -lrb- with brush head off -rrb- and the small rug in we kitchen . i run over the cord once and it shut itself off to avoid damaging anything when the brush head get jam ! now if i can only teach it to pick-up the kid toy , floor cleaning would be cake ! i will try to update this review next year to make sure it be still hold up well .
532	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a excellent vacuum . i definitely recommend it . especially with free shipping it be a bargain and it show up right away . easy assembly and do a great job !
989	Vacuum	POS	5	we buy this in 2004 to replace a hoover upright that constantly eat belt and roller . we be a bit leary about the glowing claim back then but in the 7 year we have own it , we have replace nothing but bag . it pick up as much today as when it be brand new . that be reliability that you should get when you spend $ 150 + for a vacuum . i have read the review that claim the plastic break . we have see no breakage of anything plastic and it be pretty resilient to the normal banging into furniture . it also have a good long cord to you do not have to keep unplug and move it to another outlet . the only two negative , and they be minor , be it be a bit on the heavy side and and there be a flip knob that do not hold one of the attachment to the unit very well . it have the tendency to fall out . so we just put it away where we know where to find it when we have to vacuum stair . you can not go wrong with this vacuum and for the money it be the best on the market . we have try hooever , electrolux and even the ultra expensive oreck .
240	Vacuum	POS	5	this cleaner provide excellent performance . note the s7210 twist feature the same mechanical as the high-end model at a much cheaper price . each feature tend to add about $ 100 to the base price of the twist : hepa filter , lead headlight , additional filter cartridge , electronic adjustment -lrb- instead of a knob -rrb- , full bag indicator , etc. . also notice that the twist can become the more expensive jazz just by purchase a new filter cartridge . i decide to save the $ 400 and vacuum without the led headlight and on occasion manually check if the bag be full -lrb- the horror of do something manually ! -rrb- the dual-motor system performance be league over any vacuum i have every use , include kirby and other well-respected brand . the miele be quiet , smooth , and powerful , just as one expect from german engineering or a swiss watch . it be like switching from a yugo to a mercedes .
997	Vacuum	POS	4	most suction power of any vac i ever use . heavier than i think . this be not for the average woman you will need a strong back to use this thing . clean cloth bag be a messy project . i order some replaceable bag . the attachment be cheap no other way to say it . they do not look like they belong with the machine . they look more like they be for a toy . good thing there be a 2 year warranty . i hope hoover live up to it . the end of the hose that attach to the vac be already come apart and the wand dent very easily . plastic would have be preferable to the ultra thin metal tube . too bad they cheap out on the attachment because otherwise this would be a great machine .
290	Vacuum	POS	5	the vacuum be everything i hope it would be . and it work the way i hope it would . very powerful in remove pet hair and cleaning rug , furniture . it arrive when i be tell it would , in excellent condition . i be completely satisfied and pleased with this purchase .
27	Vacuum	POS	4	love this vacuum . i also own it be predecessor and due to no fault of its own , i need a replacement . eureka have prove themselves again . the suction on this thing be unbelievable . i love the spin brush that whip the carpet as i vacuum . it feel new again under my foot as i vacuum . the box say it be 60 % more powerful than the dyson but at half the price . the first part i believe , the second be a fact . i have want a dyson but i despise bagless vac and i do not want to spend that much $ $ . we do not have pet hair we need to stay on top of , so i be more than please with this purchase .
71	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have 3 vacuum in 40 year . always a eureka boss . none have ever break down . i be just a neatnick and want a change , my old boss will be station in the garage for car and truck cleaning . this be the best one yet ! love the easy use of the bare floor set with the roller shut off . and the extra hose for the attachment be a welcome idea . as soon as i turn it on i could tell it be really get up all the sand and dog hair in this florida house . it be a lot heavier than i have have before but it be very well build . a good price .
834	Vacuum	POS	5	i be look for a cordless small hand vac . i currently have a roomba , which i love , but there be some place it do not reach . this complement the roomba . i also buy it because of the dog hair on my furniture . i have a kenmore upright vacuum , its great for clean the floor , but the extenion and furniture attachment be useless on the dog hair . i have 3 dog , all with short hair , but i swear , it be all barb on one end and become embedded in the furniture . this work great for the hair , it have this rubber attachment that grab the hair and suck it up . i use the brush for vacuum the radiator in the house and get the dust off of the back of the tv . i have not have a problem with the battery go dead before i be do . i usually use it for 15 minute . by that time , the small collection bin be full . if i be vacuum hair , the bin be fill withing 5 mintue and i have to empty it , but it be not a big deal . what you have to realize be this be for touch up and small job . it do not replace a standard vacuum , it be not for that ! if you need to use it more than 15 minute , you probably need to be use you standard vacuum . i think black and decker do a good job on this . it will be interesting to see how long the battery last .
312	Vacuum	POS	4	we like the sweeper . it be lightweight & powerful . the only negative be that the hose section come apart easily while in use . the manufacturer should design another way to keep the section together - perhaps a pop-in button system so that once put together , the section will not come apart until you push in on the button and twist to release each section .
576	Vacuum	POS	4	to start understand that this rating be for a vacuum that be $ 80 in most place . i be not review a kirby or a dyson or some other high dollar vacuum . that say , know what i know now about the bissell helix cleanview , i would not spend hundred of dollar on one of those other model . a vacuum for most be a tool to remove loose dust , dirt and object from you carpet . this vacuum do that well beyond what i would have expect at any price , much less at $ 80 . the first run through a 16x14 family room fill the container 1 and 1\/2 time . i have vacuum with my old vacuum immediatley prior to run the bissell through . 1 and 1\/2 container of leave behind dust and dirt and pet hair that i could not see with my eye . what more do you need to know ? it do the job a vacuum be suppose to do . some of the other complaint be valid i suppose . it have a somewhat cheap plastic feel -lrb- mine be hold up fine after 6 month in a house that be not easy go on anything -rrb- , the hose could be slightly longer but it be still functional . the only other complaint and the one that take my rating down a star be one other have experience . the belt break after about 3 month of use . the belt be easy to find at we local big box store . 5 short philip screw and a small bit of dexterity have the belt replece in about 5 minute . if i have to replace the belt every 3 month at a cost of about $ 1.50 per belt i still would not mind . consider it maintenance . know this i would not hesitate to by this vacuum again . all thing consider , for the money and the performance , this be a fantastic deal .
372	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum work perfect for hardwood floor and on carpet ! it be so easy to use and fold up for super easy storage ! i want to get a dyson model but find out the battery would only last for 14 min when fully charge and do not work well on carpet . consumer reports also rate this model high and that be how i end up purchase this .
855	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have many `` top of the line '' vacuum and have like all of they . however , the miele s7210 twist upright impress i more than any of the other . it be a little heavy , so if you be go up and down stair you may not like it . however , it be very maneuverable - that be the twist aspect . it have great suction . but i like most the hose tool feature . it be so easy to get the hose from the vacuum port and it extend very easily . the instruction warn to never use it without its tool as the wand end itself be very sharp and be easily damage . i would agree with that . the one drawback that i see with this be that you have to purchase a accessory pack to get other end than a crevice tool , small suction end , and brush end . to get a larger bare floor tool you need to get it individually as well as some other . there be a car care accessory kit . as far as cost , this be sell at $ -lrb- . . -rrb- with free shipping and that make it a very good deal . oh , i almost forget , it be very quiet compare with other vacuum i have use .
245	Vacuum	POS	5	i have allergy to just about everything , paticularly dust . i have switch my upright to the oreck use the hypoallergenic bag . the upright i use originally seem to be do the job , however , ten minute after vacuumm i notice dust particle settle on the furniture and everywhere else . shortly thereafter i have a migraine . since i switch to the oreck , i no longer have to dust everything after vacuumm and have reduce my allergy symptom significantly . the oreck contain the dust particle in the hypoallergenic bag , be light weight and flexible enough to vaccum in tight area . love it , love it , love it !!!
480	Vacuum	POS	5	the first time i use this vacuum it pick up so much dirt i have to empty the cup after clean each room of we small apartment . i find that the vacuum be also much quieter than we old one and it be also quite easy to clean .
592	Vacuum	POS	4	i have have this great little vacuum for about three week now and have be , overall pretty impressed with it . i 'll split this review in three section : vacuum power and usability , battery life . vacuum power and usability : this thing have a tremendous amount of suction power for be such a small device . some of the portable vacuum cleaner that i have use in the past cat get to those little space that you need to get clean . for instance , in my car , sometimes get to those little space between the seat and the center console be a pain . it be really easy with this guy because 1 -rrb- the design be great because the nozzle be narrow and can get to a lot of tight space . 2 -rrb- there be a lot of suction and even if you cant get right to the messy part , it will suck up all the small piece from afar ... kinda remind i of my dyson upright 3 -rrb- the nozzle be detachable - a first i have ever see for a portable vacuum ... really cool and useful feature ! i do not really care too much for the handle while vacuum , but i do appreciate it while i be carry from my home to my house . inherently i really love how this thing be so portable ! i would say it weight as much as a 6-pack of soda and it fold up pretty nicely . the vacuum come with a couple of attachment that can not attach to the unit -lrb- which i do not really like but it be acceptable -rrb- but i really have not find a good use for they that the main attachment can not do . one thing i really love about the main attachment -lrb- that be not show in any of the picture -rrb- be that the brush can fold back for increase suction . i find the dust container to be really cool , but a little hard to empty . the filter be really nice because there be a mesh filter on top of the real filter that keep big clump of dust away from the real filter so it do not as bad as fast . the filter still look like new in mine . battery life : the reason that this thing lose a star be for a couple of reason relate to the battery . first of all , the vacuum lose suction after about 5-6 minute of continuous use . i be able to vacuum my whole car -lrb- since you really do not use the vacuum continuously in real life -rrb- in one shot , but i really feel for a unit as big as this one , the battery should last a little longer . secondly , i do not like how the charger be just a plug into the back of the vacuum . i think it would be nice to have a docking base unit for it . other than a few minor issue -lrb- battery life aside -rrb- , i really love this thing . i be not super excite about it until i find all the `` little '' thing that make this vacuum so cool ! i personally just keep this thing near my car and clean up whenever i need to ! i totally recommend this product and hope that you like it as much as i do !
818	Vacuum	POS	5	i purchase the vacuum to replace a hoover that be absolutely horrible . i be lean toward a dyson -lrb- much to my husband dismay -rrb- . after much research and self debate , i choose this one . there be some assembly , but it be quick and easy . all you need be a screwdriver . yes its noisy , its a vacuum for pete sake and to address another comment about the weight , i be far from physically fit & i carry the vacuum up and down the stair without a problem . it do a great job . love the knob on the top to switch the suction from the floor to the hose . my only fault be that the hose it too short and a little stiff . i be glad i switch back from a bagless . the power paw be very useful on the stair and furniture . it have its own little holder that slip in right behind the handle . we have way too many animal and it leave my carpet fur free and clean . i also use it on my kitchen floor and it do a fine job . most vacuum blow stuff around . all in all , i be very pleased with my decision to purchase this vacuum and love the $ $ $ still in my pcoket .
960	Vacuum	POS	5	this be probably the best little cordless vac i have ever purchase . i love it and it do what it say ... ... great remove pet hair -lrb- cat -rrb- !! i purchase it from amazon.com and the price can not be beat !! check it out - you will not be sorry !
917	Vacuum	POS	5	i already own one eureka boss sweeper and decide to purchase another one so i could have one upstairs and one downstairs . i have a kirby sweeper and wind up hate it . the eureka boss have powerful suction , and have the hose and attachment on board ready to go be wonderful . i have asthma , and my doctor also recommend it .
10	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this vaccuum for use in a few home that i clean . it be lightweight make it easy to carry home to home . i also buy the holder for it , which you really need to buy otherwise it slide forward everytime you lean to vaccuum . i love the cord length , it be long enough to clean a small home . it work great on hardwood . i would not recommend it for carpeting as the opening in the head be small and do not pick up as much as a upright . i also like the attachment for upholstery and it be perfect size to vaccuum lamp shades . the small dirt bag hold a good amount of dirt and be easy to clean . i take out the cloth bag and rinse it , which make it like new . i like this vaccuum and i think it be definitely a good deal for the price .
772	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum be awesome it pick up just about everything ! although it need to be thoroughly clean after each use . i highly recommend this vac
534	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a great vacuum for the price . i have own -lrb- 2 -rrb- hoover and a rainbow and find this lighweight vac do the job without the weight of the other . the bagless feature be a plus for i ... no messy bag . i read review before purchase and agree with some that it will tip when use the extension hose but not on every occasion . pull it we of the box , 1 screw and you be ready to go . amazon 's price be the best and delivery be prompt . amazon have come through for i again !
919	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a lightweight and powerful little machine . better than my big vacumn for most area . not so great for get hair off carpet , but i do not have a lot of carpet . good on furniture though . have lot of indoor pet and i use this everyday without a struggle .
537	Vacuum	POS	5	i be very pleased with this product . it be powerful , easy to maneuver , and empty be a breeze . be able to clean the filter save on cost . i highly recommend this vacuum if you want convenience and power .
257	Vacuum	POS	5	works great . tremendous suction . a real bargain . we like it better than we top rate kenmore .
709	Vacuum	POS	5	i get tire of drag around my wife 's old cannister vaccuum cleaner so i purchase this backpack one . it have very strong suction and pickup and by wear it on my back it be easy to get around to vaccuum the entire house . unlike before . i love it and the price be great .
151	Vacuum	POS	4	we buy this to replace another eureka vacuum we get to replace we hoover windtunnel -lrb- great vacuum , never have a problem , and serve we faithfully for 8 year -rrb- . the first eureka we buy -lrb- the capture plus -rrb- , be a disaster , it kick the bucket in just 6 month , and it be not abuse . the boss smartvac come highly recommend , and the price be right -lrb- $ -lrb- ... -rrb- -rrb- . consumer reports rate the boss ultra as one of the best vacuum in a comparison against some of the best vacuum on the market -lrb- think kirby ... rainbow -rrb- . i can not deny that claim now that i have own it . the boss have excellent suction and clean as good , if not better than vacuum cost $ 300 , 400 , 500 more . i have use kirbys , dysons , hoovers , rainbows , and other , and this one work great . it be load with useful feature too . it be get a motorized brush roll -lrb- beater bar -rrb- that turn off when you be not use it on carpet . you can switch the suction mode , and there be a function for bare -lrb- hard -rrb- floor and adjustible brush height . the hose stretch out nice and long , and the tool be of good quality . this be a bagged vacuum , so it will not clog easily , and it be hygenic : just replace the bag . eureka claim this be one of the best filter vacuum out there , and it may be , but despite have true 3-stage hepa filtration , there be some particulate that get by they . still , good filtration for the money . if you be look for good filtration , try one of rainbow 's water vacuum , but in term of cost , the eureka be more attractive . there be some reliability issue with this machine though . the motor be very powerful ... 12 amp . it be a excellent powerhead , deliver astounding suction for a small unit , and it be reliable . that power can be a problem though . if you manage to suck up a rug , curtain , stuff animal , pet toy , or other object -lrb- if you be not careful you will , it be that powerful -rrb- , it can cause some serious problem . the belt be not make from regular rubber , it be a synthetic that eureka claim last longer than rubber . that may be true , but it do not stand up to abuse , and if overheate , be ruin . rubber belt can take that abuse much better . also , the brushrool bearing cap be plastic , and suceptable to overheate and melting . you can not readily replace they either . plus , the vacuum be make almost eitirely of plastic , which be good for weight savings -lrb- it be still on the heavy side though at about 23 lb -rrb- , but bad for durability . it be questionable however , because if you be not abusive to this machine , you should not have any issue with it . out of 10 boss , 10 will probably be fine . we buy this from costco , which have a no-questions-asked return policy , so if it break , we 'll send it back and get another one .
627	Vacuum	POS	5	in the past i be a custodian and custodial supervisor . i dont think ive use a better vac , bar none ! buy it for my new apt . the first time i use it , suck over 2 pound of dirt , out of carpet that have be clean and vacumm prior to i vacumm ! ive use dyson and everything you could name . if you want a real vac , mean a bagged vac ! bagless be garbage in my eye ! dont hesitate ! well worth its weight in gold !
959	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a great value for the price . it clean very well , and i be happy with my purchase .
860	Vacuum	POS	5	first of all i be so surprised to receive the vacuum only a few day after i order it . excellent ! i want to use it as soon as i get it and i absolutely love this car vac . it be get great maneuverability and not too heavy . i love that it have attachment to pick dirt up better . it be get great suction and easy to dump out dirt when finish vacuuming . i would highly recommend this vacuum !
90	Vacuum	POS	4	i have use this vacuum for over six year . it have work great ! the bag hold several week worth of material , include hair from two large dog that shed . the only two problem that have come up be that the latch that lock the vacuum upright have break -lrb- it still stand up fine -rrb- , and i have to replace the belt about every few month . i have find that the belt `` slip '' a lot , so when the vacuum be on , the beater bar do not spin as fast as it should . a quick fix for this be to put a few rubber band around the beater bar under where the belt wrap around it . that will give it more traction and keep the brush spin .
189	Vacuum	POS	5	have try 6 or 7 battery operate vacuum 's over the last 10 year , by far and away this unit be the best i have see . just buy a second one for a weekend home .
589	Vacuum	POS	4	i really dig this little vac . it reach into space that would be inaccessible with any other hand vacuum i have see . it be very convenient to be able to set the canister down , or hold it in you other hand , as you vacuum -lrb- especially for door jamb and other place that require a reach -rrb- . i find it to be perfect for clean up my little apartment . after read other review , i expect the battery life to be worse than it be , though i do wish vac like this come with adaptor . i recommend it .
674	Vacuum	POS	5	i have purchase dirt devil cleaning product in the past and have not be happy ... until now . the dirt devil mo9444 vacuum cleaner be amazing ! i use it for everything because it can take on any challenge ! it have extreme suction power , make pick-up quicker , and be super easy to clean . it be light enough for my two daughter -lrb- 10 & 4 -rrb- to use and they like to use it . i research this product type thoroughly and be a very happy customer .
343	Vacuum	POS	5	i purchase this vacuum after have many terrible experience with upright bag vacuum with burn smell , broken belt , and very short product life . i be willing to invest up to $ 100 in a vacuum and want a bagless model . base on the review i find on the web , i be go to purchase the bissell cleanview helix upright deluxe -lrb- the higher end version of this model -rrb- but amazon only sell the regular one and it get excellent review as well , so i go ahead with the purchase . so far the vacuum have perform very well in pick up dirt , dust , hair , and debris from both carpet and bare floor . the attachment all work very well and be easy to assemble and disassemble . the vacuum have a handle for carry -lrb- not the handle for `` steer '' -rrb- and if you use it the vacuum be quite light and easy to carry . the only downside -lrb- and this be probably true with all bagless vacuum -rrb- be that when you empty the dirt canister , a plume of dust can rise up if you be not careful . i dump it gently into the garbage can without bang it against the side , and i keep my face away from it . also , when it arrive it be very easy to assemble . there be only one screw that you need a screwdriver to secure . overall , a really good value . for my purpose , i do not see any reason to spend hundred on a dyson or a shark .
296	Vacuum	POS	5	i just get a apartment and be look to buy my first real vacuum when i come across this one on amazon . i be look for a hepa filter upright that would help with my allergy yet would not cost 300 + dollar . the 4870mz be a great solution . it seem to have very good suction . i have only use it a few time , but each time it have leave nothing behind , and suck up thing that be bigger than i expect it to be able to handle . the pet tool that attach to the end of the hose be also very strong . it pull the cat hair right out of the little area rug he spend a lot of time on . the suction height be also very adjustable , so go from a small area carpet , to shaggy carpet , to linoleum tile have be a breeze . some people have complain about how heavy the vacuum be , but as long as the wind tunnel be set to the right height , i have have no problem . i have it set too low the first time , and i could hardly move it . it really be not much heavier than other hepa vacuum i have use . the chord be decently long , and i be able to do any room in my apartment -lrb- not huge -rrb- without have to change plug . make sure to read the manual though . there be a lot of little detail that help make it easier to use -lrb- such as switching from carpet to hard floor have to be do while the vacuum be tilted back -- i think that switch just do not work at first -rrb- . overall , a great buy for the price .
969	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have a hand-held version of this vacuum for 2 year before it break . after that i go for a couple of year with the stick vacuum and have quite a few of they - nothing come close to the performance of my hand-held b&d; . they simply do not have enough power \/ suction to be effective . then , i see my b&d; in the stick form . after have it for a couple of week at this point i be glad to see it be every bit as good as my old one . this be the best stick cordless vacuum i have ever own and i own a few . the only con this vacuum have be noise - not the quietest vacuum out there but i 'll trade the noise for power .
786	Vacuum	POS	4	it be compact , easy to clean out , and handy . not terribly impressive on either wood floor or carpet , but for the price , it be gist fine . i have a tough time clean the hair -lrb- we have longish stuff in we home -rrb- out of the roller bar . interesting idea : wash the filter clean after dump out the stuff collect - very green . not sure how long it 'll last . a relative have have one for a couple of year and be ready to move on to a more substantial and dependable vacuum .
896	Vacuum	POS	5	i have the similar eureka boss 4870mz , which have suffer much abuse over the last few year , include lose attachment . i finally decide to replace it , and i be so happy with the new purple cleaner . i have maine coon cat and they long hair fall everywhere . this eureka grab it all . i find it be easier to handle than my older eureka boss . the bare floor switch be easier to snap into position , the handle fold down smoothly with just a gentle push on the foot lever , and the attachment work great ! i have use virtually every brand and type of vacuum cleaner , bag and bagless , canister and upright , expensive and cheap . before i buy my first eureka boss , i have a oreck , which have some nice feature but be way overprice for what it do . for people who gripe about the weight of this eureka boss , remember that a good machine require a good motor to give that great suction . this vacuum be not too heavy , but it be not feather-light either . i only weigh around 100 lb , and i do not have any problem maneuver this vacuum . it be also simple to disassemble for clean qnd maintenace or to remove the errant cat toy stick in the hose . what else can i say about this vacuum cleaner ??? it do the job and do not break my back in the process . whether you have get pet or not , this be a great vacuum to keep you floor , upholstery and drape clean .
756	Vacuum	POS	5	i just purchase the hand vac last week and use it for the first time on friday . the bd fhv1200 perform great and have more power than any other cordless hand vac i have have in the past . the battery life which some have complain about be average for a cordless . i have a feeling that most of the people that be complain about a short battery\/charge time do not follow the manual concern the 21 + hr charge time when you first get it . also the pet hair attachment work great ! this attachment be worth buy the unit alone . i have never find anything that be so efficient at suck up pet hair ! great hand vac and i would recommend this vac to anyone in need of one .
563	Vacuum	POS	5	the flex be really good for pet hair - and so easy to use on the stair and in the car . so much better than any hand hold i have ever use . also ideal for quick little mess instead of get out the full size vacuum .
609	Vacuum	POS	5	this be my first review and i be write it because i have become so dependent upon other 's review now when i be shop that i feel as though i should be a contributor . this product hardly need my help . i find it last year read the review here and think i might have to go back to use a broom - nothing look as though it would work for i . i be get rid of a wear out , ineffective hoover and need a cleaner that would work well to remove dog hair from 2 room of carpet but also do a good job on my new hard wood floor with out damage they . amazon do not handle carpet pro at that time so i follow a reviewer 's advise and look at allbrands . i purchase this model for about $ 200.00 and add on extra bag , and the long hose . after a year it do exactly what i want - it be a little heavy but not awkward and with the long cord -lrb- great -rrb- and hose i really do not have to lift it that much . get it up stair may become a problem as i get older . it move easily over the floor -lrb- even the very thick carpet . the bag replace easily . i have be marry 40 yr and have have a variety of cleaner and this be the best and perhaps the last .
462	Vacuum	POS	4	this replace my hoover tempo widepath because i want a power brush attachment and to be able to turn brush off . pro : \* switch to go from floor to hose \* powerpaw attachment \* turn brush off \* easy height adjust \* good hose \* long cord \* great suction con : \* hose be not long enough ; order extension . \* attachment do not attach well to the body -lrb- except paw -rrb- \* handle too short for tall male neutral : \* weight ; it be heavy , and small woman could have trouble push it
799	Vacuum	POS	4	buy it to replace my three yr old kenmore basic vacuum . cleans good with good suction power near the edge , good suction , also hand tool be great ! disposal be a bit tricky as you have to clean the cup , then a upper section that come apart on top of the cup and a lower section where one of the hepa filter be house , so it take more time than my kenmore use to . overall i be happy with it .
129	Vacuum	POS	5	i find this by accident on ebay 's deal of the day for $ 39 . it be a refurbish product that ship directly from black & decker . i think it would be great for job like hair on the tile floor in the bathroom and the occasional corner dust bunny on the hardwood . i have use it for those thing and so many more . clean my window sill , fan blade , baseboard , staircase spindle on and around my plant . i have be very happy with this product . the suction be good for a cordless . very light weight which be a plus when you have to reach up high like the ceiling fan . we have 2 small dog and i have yet to use it for pet hair , other than when it be on my shirt sleeve and it work great - a hi-tech lint roller if you will . the holding chamber of course do not hold a whole lot , but if you empty it every couple use i think it will be fine . charge time be about 2 hour i think and that seem reasonable to i . i would agree that the run time after a full charge be about 7 + min . do not sound like much , but you can cover a lot of little job in 7 min ! we have about 40 + window in we house and i tote this little guy along with i when i wash the window the other day and vacuum all the window sill and i do almost all of the window sill before i notice i be loose suction . i be impress with that . over all i would say if you find this product for a steal like i do i would snap it up in heartbeat if you need if for the little job i mention . i wish i would have buy one as a gift for my parent who have a rv as i think it would be compact vacuum for they while they travel .
785	Vacuum	POS	5	i really do not understand what all you people be whine about give this bad reveiew . the thing go together in like under a minute with a undersized screwdriver ! the hose be not too short , it be just new . as far as it `` burn '' the floor when lean on , dont lean on it . for everyone who have ` super sensitive hearing ' ... it be a vacuum , what do you expect ? there be much worse out there . lastly , as far as the `` horrible smell '' . there be a reason the instruction say to `` dry thoroughly '' . if the filter be damp , and you put they back in ... they will mildew . it be not hard to figure out if you use a little common sense and read the direction . company spend lot of money research these thing so they generally be pretty correct if you follow the direction . people be really something . i give this vacuum 5 star . dare to think for yourself .
947	Vacuum	POS	5	great vacuum -- have have it for about 3 year and it work great on hardwood , carpet , tile , etc. . never have have any problem with it !
18	Vacuum	POS	5	purchase two of these for gift and they seem to be work well . both daughter have dog , and the vacuum do a good job of remove the hir from they floor . would purchase another
751	Vacuum	POS	5	this little vac be amazing ! it pick up all the little particle of dirt that i track into my car . it come with a storage bag , and when inside it take up very little space . i love it . buy it
394	Vacuum	POS	5	this product vacuum and pick up quite well . it be somewhat heavy , but heavy be good because hold to the floor , et al. . my wife delegate i to operate this . fold-up to store , clean : require a little dexterity , and in clean out the accumulate , it be best hold over a waste basket . there be two filter , which should be `` service '' . filter keep air clean . pleased with the purchase , the vacuum be solid in consturction . it be good value , engineer well . .
185	Vacuum	POS	5	this be one of the lowest-priced bagless upright hepa vacuum available on the market . in the 2 month since first use this vacuum , i have have be very pleased with its performance . it be very good at pick up stuff in my carpet . the only nitpick i have be that the dirt cup be small compare to other vacuum i have owned\/used , and empty it require expose the lower filter to some debris drop down into it . other than that , this bissell be reasonably powerful , easy to use , easy to assemble , and reliable . the furniture brush work well . for the money , this vacuum be hard to beat . it be a excellent value and well worth you consideration .
938	Vacuum	POS	5	i purchase the irobot 564 pet series because of we very large white cat who shed all over . i expect that the roomba would be helpful but be really surprised that it do a better job than my orek . she -lrb- we call she rosie -rrb- take care of all of we floor : wood , carpet , throw rug and slate without a problem . the only thing she get hang up on be my livingroom drape , a simple thing to adjust for she . my husband and i have discuss hire a maid but now that rosie be here i get clean floor every day !
366	Vacuum	POS	4	the b & d psv1800 be exactly what i need . it be powerful enough to pick up pet hair , etc. , from either wood floor or rug and carpet . it be convenient , empty easily , and make quick work of the little daily touch up .
414	Vacuum	POS	5	for the price and the feature this be one vacuum to look at . the only draw back be the weight . you would not think 25lb be much untill you have to push it back and forth over 2000 square foot of carpet . i look at it as excercise but some may dread vacuum day . lift one at walmart or sears and make you own mind up before buy .
602	Vacuum	POS	5	we have a large house with lot of hardwood floor . this vacuum allow we to vaccum about 3000 s.f. of floor in about 15 minute as well as remove the dust and cat hair from the furniture and window sill with the attachment at the same time . i now hate my kid 's three cat a little less .
291	Vacuum	POS	5	my old vacuum give out on i and i be force to find a replacement . i research vacuum for almost a week . i look at consumer reports and every other online resource that i could find . it be difficult for i to make my choice because the market be flood with vacuum that have attachment and feature out the whazoo . i be lean towards a more expensive model by another manufacturer . but i recall that consumer reports have name the bissell clearview helix as they number one `` budget vacuum . '' as i comtemplate my choice , i reach for the bissell and walk to the register to make my purchase . when i get home , i immediately assemble the vacuum and give it a test run . i be amaze at how much dirt it pick up . i be a bachelor and do not have many people over , with the exception of my child and one or two frined . so my carpet `` appear '' to be clean . be i surprise . the bissell pick up dirt that my old vacuum have leave behind . so i decide to vacuum my whole apartment . the dirt that the bissell pick up shocked i even more . i just know that my old vacuum be get the job do . boy be i wrong . this vacuum cleaner do not have a huge price tag , but it deliver big on result . i highly recommend the clearview helix . the best part , there be no bag to purchase . nothing worst than have to dump those dirty bag .
726	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this vacuum . it be not heavy and very easy to use . i really like the bagless , very easy to take off and clean . it also clean both on rug and hard service . the price be excellent , delivery be fast and efficient
965	Vacuum	POS	5	after read most of the review for this vacuum and other , i buy this one -lrb- 4870mz -rrb- and could not be happier ! the reviewer that point out how to solve common problem by read the manual and the reviwer that say the vacuum be not for idiot be the most helpful . you really can get this vacuum to do what you want if you read the manual !!!
893	Vacuum	POS	5	i llove love love my irobot . i name she rosie . i buy she because i have mostly hardwood floor . i have 5 cat and a dog . i be sweeping everyday beacause of they hair . i love that it have a scheduling feature . i set it everyday while i be at work . she go to work and put herself back on the dock before i get hone . i dump the tray every other day and only spot clean the brush . smartest thing ive ever buy .
149	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the third eureka boss smart-vac which i have purchase in the last 16 year . the other 2 be work and have be hand down to other family . we home be a single story so there be no issue of have to heft it up\/down the stair . the machine perform at a 5 star level .
739	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this vacuum to replace my dirt devil that break suck up cat litter . -lrb- doh ! -rrb- pro : come with great tool . easy to assemble out of box . pick up basically everything . good for price . great on bare floor , too . do not fling stuff around . con : pretty hefty -- difficult to push on thicker carpet . plastic trap fill up very quickly -- smaller than my dirt devil `` container '' . very hard to turn knob to change carpet height while vacuum be run . i do not know if you be suppose to `` do that '' or not , but regardless , it be hard to turn . need both hand . could use a little more suction power to suck up heavier debris .
996	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum be great on we hardwood floor and area rug . it be a bit of a process to strap on the vacuum , but my husband love to clean and love this vacuum cleaner . as long as it keep he vacuum and not i , i think it be wonderful !
695	Vacuum	POS	4	i have have my eureka boss smart-vac for about a month now , and i be still impress with the job it do . my old vacuum be so ineffective that i fill the bag on my new one by vacuum once ! we have a cat , and it be always so hard to get she hair out of the chair she always sit in . the power paw remove the hair in just one or two swipe . i read many review before purchase this vacuum , and most of they be fairly accurate . my husband and i both agree it be heavy , but it be not really that hard to maneuver . it really do a very nice job pick up everything and make the carpet soft and fluffy . the plastic it be make of feel a bit cheap , so i question the long-term durability of the product , but the price be a great value consider how well it perform . it be very quiet running and the hepa filter make the air smell really fresh when i be do vacuuming . my old vacuum 's hose use to clog all the time , so i really like how this one have a clear hose so you can see where clog be . however , i have not experience any clog in this vacuum 's hose as of yet . -lrb- yes , the power paw attach to the vacuum . the direction just do not tell you how . it be not hard to figure out . there be a plastic holster for it that clip to the back under the handle . -rrb- so far , i be very happy with this purchase .
720	Vacuum	POS	4	wow ! the suction be great on this vacuum and i love the minus attachment , it work great on stair . great price too . it be a great vacuum !
435	Vacuum	POS	5	my old bissell have finally get weak , so i when i get this new one , i be very surprised at how well a machine could work . with the brush barely touch the carpet , it practically pull itself across the floor . i should have trade up long ago . it lift up my tired carpet fiber and give the room a much nicer appearance .
216	Vacuum	POS	5	i have own this vacuum for 6 week now and continue to be impress with how well it clean . we live in the high plain where there be alot of dust and have two dog who drop lot of dog hair . i purchase my vac with the standard sb217 power brush and also purchase the wider , sb228 power brush . the sb217 work well on med to low pile carpet and be the perfect width for do stair tread . for thicker carpet , opt for the 5 position height adjustment of miele 's other power brush . my previous vacuum be a dyson dc7 . this one be much quieter . in fact on the min set you hardly know it be on . we be able to vacuum the dog because the noise be low enough that it do not bother they . the agitator brush on the miele do a great job loosen debris from the carpet fiber . i be still pick up dirt and sand that the dyson leave behind . the parquet floor brush work great on the hard floor . it do such a good job pick up the grit , the floor feel like it be just mop . pro : terrific cleaning on carpet and hard surface quiet adjustable power setting for various surface bag & hepa filter trap 99.7 % of everything down to .3 micron - no dusty vacuum odor cons power cord be shorter than i be use to ergo handle be awkward when use the hand tool
267	Vacuum	POS	4	the plus be the price be right , it be lightweight , and easy to assemble . the suction be ok , but not the best i have see in a vacuum . its very easy to empty . it seem better at pick up lightweight item like hair and dust . it seem to have trouble pick up heavy thing like coin and nail . if the suction be stronger i would have give it 5 star . this be my first bagless unit and i be mostly pleased as it be the least expensive unit available .
687	Vacuum	POS	5	before i begin to review this , i want to preface this entire statement with the fact that i be obsessive about my carpet . i have severe allergy to dust , mold , mite and pet dander . -lrb- i do have a cat and this be a older home , so i have to stay on top of these thing . -rrb- i rent so i can not do much about it other than clean it once a week with a steam cleaner and vacuum a couple time a week . as a result , i be very hard on vacuum . they tend to break for i because i use they so often . i also have work as a housekeeper for several year and have have experience with professional quality machine and low end budget machine . now . that be say . i have go through three vacuum in the last five year . at a certain point , maintenance just will not fix it anymore . i buy this one to replace a replacement -lrb- it be a cheaper brand i buy at a local store -rrb- that last for about three week . in a nutshell : it be heavy and hard to pull back when you have it turn on . you literally have to fight against the suction . i personally like this , but someone who have shoulder and back problem , or muscular problem may find this to be a difficult unit to work with . it clean beautifully ! i have ten year old carpet -lrb- in a rental -rrb- and it fluff everything right back up . it do seem to pick up a great deal of the thing float around in the air\/on the carpet . i be breathe much easier after use this . to i , this feel like a light version of a industrial machine . it clean like it anyway . i could not be more pleased . if there be any room in you budget for a more expensive machine , i recommend get one . you can see and smell the difference .
566	Vacuum	POS	4	the black & decker psv 1800 cordless pivoting floor vacuum cleaner be quite a nice device , capable of handle carpet as well as hardwood floor -lrb- fortunately -rrb- . easy to use , a nice charge feature build into the storage stand and a reasonable amount of use afford by a single charge , after the first couple , since it take a couple of charge for the battery to reach its potential . i give away my big , noisy vacuum cleaner after receive this one .
816	Vacuum	POS	5	the best thing about this vacuum be how light it be . very good suction as well . i have 4 indoor pet and it get the job do . nice set of attachment too .
820	Vacuum	POS	4	i already own the hand hold black and decker pivot vac and like it enough to buy the full size one . this one do a pretty good job clean up after 2 dog and 2 cat but it may be not quite as powerful as the hand hold unit . it also be a bit unwieldy to unfold and to fold it back up after use . the power brush do decently , but i would not give up my standard vac for it .
873	Vacuum	POS	5	i order the hoover brand type y replacement bag for my hoover vacuum cleaner . they cost a little more than some generic type y bag , but i think it be worth it to buy the manufacturer 's bag to ensure a proper fit . the bag opening attach to the vacuum cleaner port and the bag have to have a immediate 90 degree bend to fit inside the enclosure . a previous bag not make by hoover seem to fit poorly and some debris would collect inside the vacuum cleaner without reach the bag . since i have these hoover bag , i have not experience that problem , so it seem to be worth a few cent more . shipment be very prompt .
886	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a great product ... easy to use and then put away in a corner ... highly recommend this vacuum !!!
204	Vacuum	POS	5	this product be the best we have find for what its make for . we live in a motor home and its the best for a quick clean and it clean very well . but , you have to follow the direction . to clean sweeper after each use , dump cup , and keep the filter clean ! if you let it charge for 18 hour before use , we vacuum we whole 40 foot motor home on one charge .
486	Vacuum	POS	5	you can feel the scrubby thing work , they even pull the vacuum forward , so cleaning be a piece of cake . my place feel so much cleaner and dust be minimize so there be less dust to do . i pick up the arm & hammer filter too which freshen up the air in my place as well . get this , you 'll love it , it look cool too !
274	Vacuum	POS	5	i have always have trouble with vacuum . no matter how good they be suppose to be , hoover , kenmore , whatever , they would break down within a year . this one though , seem to be make of sturdier stuff and clean really well .
773	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy the irobot 564 pet series , as we just get a puppy for christmas . i want something to help i keep the pet fur and grass under control on my hardwood floor and area rug . i be so completely impressed with this `` vacuum '' . it truly do a great job , and so far , really have not have any issue navigate around we furniture . i would say it do as good a job -lrb- maybe better -rrb- as my regular vacuum . there be some area it struggle with , such as my flooring transition -lrb- tile to hardwood -rrb- , but it be really no big deal . it get i 98 % there , so i would say that be a win . something i be not really expect be how well it also vacuum my carpet . i just set it in a bedroom and shut the door . it be do in 20 - 25 minute , and look great . anyway , if you be consider purchase one of these , i would say you can not lose ! not to mention , my 4 yo son and dog love it . ton of entertainment !
945	Vacuum	POS	4	incredible suction and very light . attachment hose could be a little longer , only reach halfway up my step and spec do not tell how long the hose be when i order . the plastic nozzle where you attach tool crack the first day , but i may have be a little too agressive . i would definitely recommend this vacuum because of reasonable price , suction power and the attachment surprisingly stay in they holder .
781	Vacuum	POS	5	this small lightweight vacuum be great . i use this vacuum 4-5 day a week . it have a lot of power and get the job do fast . i use it for my car and truck . this flex vac compact vac cleaner be worth every penny .
45	Vacuum	POS	5	i be look to replace a very old vacuum and do not want to spend a ton of money . a friend of mine recommend this bissel vacuum , so i buy it and be very happy with it . besides be affordable , it be get good suction , be not too heavy . the best part be the removable canister and washable filter . you get to see everything you suck up and easily just dump it all out when the canister be full . and the filter be easy to wash and pop back in .
458	Vacuum	POS	4	i start off bad with this thing since it lose suction and be very frustrating after i have my husband take it apart it have some trah stick . . now work great but yea make sure ur always clean anything that get stuck cuz it happen alot . . but it do the job when its clean
615	Vacuum	POS	4	i have use a commercial vacuum for year and do not want to pay the price for a new one . this vacuum come close . it have really good cleaning power and be easy to use . i miss some of the more delux feature of the commercial vacuum , but i can definately say i get my money 's worth . it definately do the job !
227	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a great little stick vac . works great on bare floor and rug . worth the money . lightweight .
770	Vacuum	POS	5	we just get get this vacuum and wow . my wife vacuum the house and be overwhelm with what this vacuum pick up . yes we have a vacuum and use it . the carpet look better than ever and i be impressed with the suction of this vacuum . we have almost fill the new bag with what we think the old vacuum pick up . these day we be try to save money and this machine do that and clean up the house .
453	Vacuum	POS	5	i absolutely adore this little gem . besides be just as cute as can be , it be perfect for my small apartment . the charge last long enough for i to do what i need to and if it do get low i can plug it in and continue vacuuming . the cord be quite long and be perfect for those hard to reach place . i love mine !
976	Vacuum	POS	5	seem to be very well make . much easier than pull around a shop vac . save substantial time .
708	Vacuum	POS	5	i receive my new miele callisto today . i must say it work better than any vaccuum i have ever have . my only problem be that after spend $ 900 on a vaccuum , i would think i could get a operating instruction booklet specific to my vaccuum . not true . i be send a generic booklet for the 5000 series . most of the picture and instruction do not match . in fact , if i have not already have a canister vaccuum of a different brand , i would not be able to figure out how to put this vaccuum together or use it . but , i give it 5 star because it be a really great vaccuum .
926	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this after get feed up with empty my canister vacuum and suck dust , and who know what else , each time . i just could not quantify spending as much money as i do only to inhale everything i would just clean out of my house . the end result be that i vacuum less when the canister begin to get on the full side because i hate the idea of have to empty it . so that be why i buy it in the first place . as soon as i take it out of the box i be pretty thrill with the purchase . all of the accessory attach to the unit securely and i have not have a single piece pop off on it be own even when lug it up stair , down stair , and put it in the back of my car . at the same time they be easy to put on and take off when you want . the only slight exception may be the power paw and the ` wide ' attachment for the hose . i have not have any problem with they but i can see how they might cause problem . the power paw be the least securely attach and the wide attachment be the most securely attach and slightly cover by the cord when wind up . pro : where do i start ? 1 -rrb- it be powerful . this be easily one of the most powerful vacuum i have ever use . it suck the litter right out of my litter-catcher-rug that i have in front of we cat box . i use to have to shake the rug out and vacuum the litter off the tile , but now i just pop on the wide attachment for the hose and go to town . 2 -rrb- it have as all the most practical attachment include plus the power paw . this pro be just about standard . all vacuum should come with the primary attachment and this one do and they throw in the power paw which be really great for stair ... just like they advertise it to be . as for the power paw , it rotate via suction . i have a bagless with this attachment and it would lose suction so quickly -lrb- pet hair in the filter -rrb- that this attachment be useless . on this vacuum the power paw be like a freak chainsaw no matter how much hair it suck up . 3 -rrb- it be easy and fast to switch from floor to hose setting and back again . i can literally go from vacuum the floor to use the hose in 5 seconds or less and i can go from vacuum the floor to use the hose with any attachment + the extension in 10 seconds or less and it only take very slightly longer to put it all back and continue vacuum the floor . go be the day for i that i do all my floor vacuum and then follow up with the hose . now i can do everything in one pass . 4 -rrb- the floor brush can be engaged\/disengaged with the flick of a switch for easy transition from carpet to bare floor . this be the first vacuum i have own that i can do this on and i will never go back ! vacuum bare floor while the brush be spin be like ... well ... it just do not work . all it do be turn everything on the floor into tiny projectile that be launch at my foot and shin . be able to turn off the brush ... it be one of those , `` finally ! '' moment for i . what i mean be , i can finally just use the vacuum on my bare floor instead of the vacuum\/broom combo . i use to sweep the bare floor up then follow up with the vacuum to get all the corner the the broom could not clear . now , because of this feature and # 3 , just the vacuum , easy peasy . 5 -rrb- it have a hepa filter that be easy to access for removal and installation . i have not have to replace it yet but i do open it up and remove it and install it just to see what it be like . super easy . 6 -rrb- it have a light on the base for dark corner . this be good for unlit or not-well-lit area of the room . personally , i have find this more of a novelty than something i would require in a future vacuum purchase . 7 -rrb- the bag be easy to remove and install . again , this be just about standard . the last bagged vacuum i have be a soft top -lrb- the bag be inside of a zippered bag -rrb- so it be ridiculous to get the bag out and put it back it . it be the vacuum that put i off bagged vacuum . i go to canister and do not go back until now ... over a decade later . 8 -rrb- wide track . this be just a convenient feature . wider track = less pass . i have not , as of yet , have any situation where it be too wide to fit somewhere i need it to . 9 -rrb- it be a bagged vacuum . like i say on # 7 , i have be use bagless\/canister vacuum for over a decade now . i finally get so feed up with the dust cloud when empty they and tap out the filter so i would not have to spend another $ 20 so soon . i even make a special tool so that i could attach my filter to my drill and spin the dust that be pack so tightly in there out with centrifugal force . this , obviously , just make the dust cloud during canister empty worse but if i want the vacuum to have any suction it be necessary . even then , i would lose suction steadily as i suck up the cat hair . since i do not feel like dish out $ 300 - $ 600 for a canister vacuum that `` never lose suction '' yet still deal with the cloud of nasty when i empty the canister i buy this bagged vacuum . there be still the bit of dust that poof up when you detach the bag from the vacuum and there be a possibility of dust that puff out if you compress the bag but nowhere near the amount of a canister . if you be careful , there be no dust cloud at all , which be freak awesome . no more dust mask and goggles for i while empty canister ! 10 -rrb- last minute addition after write in my con . there be a second handle low on the vacuum for carry up stair . it make it so much easier to handle ... no pun intend . con : 1 -rrb- it be loud , as with every other vacuum i have ever own . not really a true con as all vacuum be loud but it be still advisory to wear hearing protection when use it . 2 -rrb- it be kind of heavy . this be not a con for i but my wife have some trouble with it when it come to stair . 3 -rrb- the handle be not as comfortable as it could be . although not entirely uncomfortable it be not as nice as some of they other model . 4 -rrb- the light on the base be not quite as bright as it could be . at first i think that it would be a really great feature but it be not quite bright enough to make a significant difference in visibility in my opinion . they could have put a much brighter system in here quite easily . hope this help you with you decision !
371	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum be like a porshe . it be small , make little noise and have tremendous power . in fact , it have six setting for power . and i can pick it up to put it away . the attachment be the typical one . i be very happy with it .
207	Vacuum	POS	5	i have a cleaning company -lrb- residential -rrb- and i use these in all the house and apartment . it doesnt have a beater bar so it doesnt tear up carpet and floor . it get in around chair , sofa , table , toilet , up on ceiling , across wall , up stair with no hassle . i also have scoliosis so i orginally buy these for the back issue . i also use this in my own house . i have no issue with this machine . the first one i buy 5 year ago , not off amazon but same make and i have not have to take it in once . remember , this go to 2 house a day , five or six day a week , for 5 year . amazon have it for half of what i pay for my original ! yay 2 thumb up . .5 star all the way -lrb- think of the dream it be to use on stair ! -rrb-
127	Vacuum	POS	5	i read the negative review for the vacuum and almost do not buy it , but i be glad i do . it work great and and will stay power up long enough to complete any job that i begin -- i would say about 10 minute . but that be what most cordless handheld vac do . the attachment be good to clean with and be handy at all time . i use this vac to clean one to two different room each day and have never have a problem . my house stay much cleaner and i have three cat to clean up after ! i keep it on charge when not in use and highly recommend this vac to use as it be design to be use which be not as a full-size vacuum .
838	Vacuum	POS	4	the vacuum be use by a assortment of people . everyone who use the unit appreciate the light wieght and ease of use . it do a good job and be easy to empty . it come with a extension cord that be not picture but list in the accessory section . excellent value .
968	Vacuum	POS	4	i have electrolux cordless vacuum . so i can compare only to electolux . b&d; be not elegant or light as electrolux . do not have detachable handheld vacuum . remove and clean dirt from unit be not so easy as with electrolux . but this small monster make work do . it be really able to vacuum , pickup pet hair , dirt from floor and rag . and it be able to run on one charge long enough to finish job . electrolux be able to pickup only light dust from bare floor for 5 min . i be very satisfied with b&d; .
629	Vacuum	POS	5	the vacuum work great for the $ $ $ . we have a dyson vacuum for the last 5 year and it be not pick up pet hair or litter anymore . the bissell pick up the litter in the carpet great . it look like it pick up all the hair from the carpet too , it be definitely pick up what we old vac could not . it pick up hair on we wood floor better than the dyson ever do . overall very happy with the product especially consider how cheap it be .
927	Vacuum	POS	4	doe a good job on our hard wood and tile floors . easy to set up and use . have have no problem with product .
364	Vacuum	POS	4	i have two kid , 2 large dog and live in a sandy area . it be a never end job keep up with cleaning dog hair and sand on my floor . the eureka boss smart-vacuum do a great job . i own two , one for the upper level and one for the lower level of my house . i have own many vacuum cleaner and none hold a candle to this model . i will not purchase any other vacuum cleaner . the only reason i give it 4 star be due to its weight , unit be a bit heavy , but woth the great job it do : -rrb-
103	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this vacuum because it be highly rate for pick up dog hair . however , i learn that it do not like vacuum up dog ` undercoat type fuzz . ' the vacuum constantly get clogged and the bag fall off . it may be great for regular dog or cat hair , but not this type . i must agree that it be get great suction and the carpet look fantastic after vacuum . so -- for i it be either get another type vacuum that will work on ` undercoat ' or get a new dog !
29	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have bad luck buy a small vacuum before . its so hard to find one with enough suction . this one definitely have it . i love it . lot of suction , long cord , lot of option . i do not need a carrier for the attachment they stay in the closet until need .
445	Vacuum	POS	5	i have own this vac for year now and when i need another i just get the exact same model . work like a champ , just like my last unit !
536	Vacuum	POS	4	my wife and i have decide several year ago to go with a bagless model also make by eureka . not a good idea , for we anyway . the dirt cup fill up quickly with we golden retriever 's hair and be constantly clog . when i decide to go back to this model that use bag i be a little bit skeptical thinking we be make a move backwards in ` clean technology ' . i be glad we do now though . we have have this machine for a couple of month and it be by far a better unit . this vacuum have not clog once in that time and even with we constant need to pick up west texas dirt the bag be only about half full in that time . you do need to adjust for carpet height closely to maintain a good suction , but it be very simple to tell when it be not adjust correctly . my only concern have be with the light plastic construction on some part , but i guess that be the trade off you make for a lower price . we also buy the year supply of bag , filter , etc. and after see the retail price of bag around town , we be glad we do . if you do not want to spend the money on dyson or another high dollar machine , this be a good choice .
972	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum work well , and the power paw be amazing . it get animal hair off the furniture and rug that be otherwise hard to clean . it be great on bare floor and carpet . the only con be that it be pretty heavy to push on thicker pile carpet and the attachment hose be short and very springy , so you have to drag the whole vacuum with you , but the telescoping attachment help with that . overall , it be great for the price . i just can not spend $ 500 on a dyson , it be against my moral .
771	Vacuum	POS	4	buy this vacuum cleaner on the strength of other customer review . i want a cleaner for my second floor so that i would not have to carry my primary vacuum up the stair as it be so heavy . this one be light in weight , do a really good pick up -lrb- include dog hair -rrb- , have a long cord and because it be slightly narrower go under more furniture . the only disadvantage i have find thus far be that the inner filter , if rinse , take day to dry . also , the on\/off control be not on the handle . would i buy it again ? absolutely .
951	Vacuum	POS	5	i have own this for 6 month and it have work great so far . it be easy to put together and have clean very well so far . it have a pretty long cord on it also since i can vacuum my one bedroom apartment without ever unplug it . since i have only have it for 6 month i can not testify to its longevity but the initial quality be very good , especially for the price as i only pay 79.99 for it . the turbo brush be awesome . i have two dog and it seem to be pick up the pet hair pretty good . so far i really like it .
865	Vacuum	POS	4	i purchase my first boss vacuum over three year ago . i have not have any problem with it . i purchase my second boss vacuum because i want a new one . i give the first one to my nephew . both vacuum pick the allergen and other stuff that get embed in the carpet . i have use it on bare floor as well as thick carpet . if you want a quiet vacuum , this be not for you . i want a vacuum that help with the environment . this device do that because it use micro filtration bag and hepa filter . i use the accessory to clean up around area that i can not get the vacuum in . if you need to do stair , i would recommend a hand hold vacuum . if you have the strength to carry this unit up and down stair , it will do the job .
275	Vacuum	POS	5	i be so happy i purchase this item . i clean residential home and i be very pleased with the power of this vac and how lightweight it be . i highly recommend to anyone .
923	Vacuum	POS	4	i have have this vacuum for about a month now and i be very satisfied with it so far . the machine be heavy and big , but the self-propelled function make up for it . so far , no problem with lose suction or break belt . i especially like the `` dial '' function to change from floor cleaning to attachment . the `` claw '' work very well on stair . i would recommend it . -lrb- also good with pet hair . -rrb-
121	Vacuum	POS	5	do a lot of research before buy this vacuum . so glad i purchase it ! the vacuum be great . it be easy to maneuver , and best of all , great suction power ! for the few review i read that be not so good , i be not sure what be wrong . i truly love this purchase , and be very happy i buy it . i be a very petite girl , and handle this vacuum be not difficult at all . it be a solid piece , lot of weight , but great suction . that be what i want in a vacuum !
647	Vacuum	POS	5	this product be purchase for a high school graduation gift . remark : i like this ; i really do like this . great idea . order from amazon be much more convenient and efficient than purchase otherwise .
493	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the best vacuum you can buy . any of miele 's vacuum be a great choice and will last for year to come . this vacuum be awesome . upgrade to the better powerhead seb 236 and wow !!!
663	Vacuum	POS	5	i live in a apartment and initially buy a small cheap vacuum which never really work well . i read lot of review about this product before decide to purchase and find that amazon have the best price . i love this vacuum . it be easy to assemble , lightweight , the attachement all work amazingly and they snap securely onto the vacuum .
4	Vacuum	POS	5	so . much . after research several vacuum , this seem to fit my need -lrb- and the price ! -rrb- . it be super simple to put together ; you just need a screwdriver the first time you assemble it . the hose attachment be pretty cool , too , especially the turbo brush . they all fit nicely right in the pocket of the vacuum itself . i be almost embarrassed to say just how much crap this sucker suck up . we have three cat who do nothing but eat , sleep , vomit , and shed fur like it be go out of style , and this vacuum pick up every furball they hack up ! not to mention kitty litter and food mess . we also have two different grade of carpeting , one of which whose flat , dense fiber be notoriously difficult to clean . i have to go over it multiple time with my old vacuum . the bissel 's multiple floor adjustment -lrb- from high carpet to bare floor -rrb- make cleanup practically painless . plus , it have a hepa filter ! yay ! the only downside be fur and dust can accumulate in the top chamber which can make for a fussy , yucky clean-up , but honestly , i do not care about get my hand a little dirty , as long as the dust be off the floor ! and we have own this vacuum for over 5 month and it be still go strong . all in all , the bissel make the debbie-homemaker in i so very very happy . -lrb- 3
34	Vacuum	POS	5	we have a 2-story house with both terrazzo and quarry tile floor and a spiral staircase connect the 2 level . it be really tiresome bang around with a canister vac and lug it up and down those d \*\* n stair , so when i see a janitor with a backpack vac , a light go on ! i do ton of research and this vacuum be so well-priced compare to some , it have simple attachment and a very long cord , reach up to we 11-foot ceiling and you can use disposable bag if you wish . i can get around the entire floor without unplug and can even vacuum those stair easily . it be not the sleekest look machine and it make my husband laugh when i put it on but that be ok because it work like a charm and i do not bang into the furniture any more .
962	Vacuum	POS	4	buy this product primarily for clean the car and small accident and job around the house . the cordless feature be a definite plus when do the car and quick job like vacuum a hard to reach corner , edge or books\/bookcases . it do a nice job of a dust off a bookcase that have not be clean in several month , but i find that empty the dust from the bin be not quite a open and shake operation . a bunch of the dust clump in the back of the collector bin filter do not empty out until i remove the filter and use a small brush to help it empty out . the vacuum be extremely portable and -lrb- for i -rrb- have a rather loud whinning motor noise . but i guess this be to be expect with a small vacuum with expose exhaust . trumps the dustbuster i previously own with more suction and a hose feature .
697	Vacuum	POS	4	i have have this vacuum for over six year . i love the hepa filter . it help keep the cat and dog hair from become airbourne when vacuum . the only draw back be it be very heavy . drag it up and down stair get a little old , but it do a great job cleaning . i have a older model the newer one my be lighter . i would give it 5 star if not for the weight .
603	Vacuum	POS	5	i have two long haired cat , two dog , three kid , and a husband . i need a vacuum that do what it be suppose to - suck up dirt . before purchase this vacuum , i have a dyson that i have a love\/hate relationship with . when it work , it work well , when it do not it be terrible . after have it repair twice and need to repair it yet again , i decide it be time to throw in the towel . be i ever glad i do !!! this thing be hand down a better vacuum than the dyson ever think about be . my search start with look for a vacuum that would work on both hard wood floor and rug . this vacuum switch back and forth with the easy flick of a switch conveniently located on the handle of the vacuum near the spot where you place you hand to push it back and forth . the on off button be located just above where it be easy to reach with the flick of a finger but not so easy as to accidentally turn the thing off . this vacuum pick up everything !! it be so nice to finally have all the pet fur off the rug and i no longer get frustrated go over and over the same spot hope that this time the vacuum will pick it up . the front of the vacuum have a dial for adjust the height and suction level . it be so easy to switch from floor to vacuum off the crumb from the table cloth . when switch to use the vacuum on my table cloth , the vacuum do not suck in the table cloth material at all but do a fine job of get all those crumb off . the cord be long enough to almost vacuum my entire house from one centrally located outlet . i find the length of the hose sufficient to get the cobweb out of upper corner on my ceiling . i have not have the vacuum fall over on my yet when stretch the hose to reach a object i be try to vacuum . while i be not specifically look for a vacuum that have bag instead of a bagless canister , i do find that it be much nicer to switch out a bag without gunk fall out all over the place and get my hand messy try to clean up filter and gunk out of the bagless canister . there be a few quirk on this vacuum but very livable to i . the cord be easily tangle with the hose when pull the hose out . it be a little inconvenient to have to pull the cord out of the way to get the hose out but not so troublesome as to dislike the vacuum . as other reviewer have note , the wand be metal so you do have to attach one of the tool if you be use it on a surface that may scratch easily . for whatever reason , i find the attachment to be difficult to put back into place as they need to be position just right . again a minor inconvenience . also , the swivel must be lock in place -lrb- do by put the vacuum firmly in the upright position -rrb- or it will swivel and fall when use the hose . finally , i be a bit concerned about the weight of the vacuum when read other poster review but decide not to let it deter i from order this vacuum . i be so glad i do not . the vacuum almost seem to propel itself forward but the pull back be not effortless . however , i do not find this to be a problem for i . overall , i love this vacuum and find it a pleasure -lrb- almost theraputic -rrb- to vacuum again . as far as i be concerned , i will never buy anything but a miele and i expect this to last a very long time .
463	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum cleaner do a great job ! it be get great suction and work well on carpet , tile , vinyl and linoleum . two thing i would change about it : 1 . since the attachment be black and the storage panel in back be black , it be not easy to see where the attachment go . i would suggest make the storage panel the same color as the front panel -lrb- ours be red -rrb- . 2 . the wheel of this vacuum cleaner will not roll over it be own electric cord when one be use it on a hard surface ; one must physically life the vaccuum over the cord . if the wheel be make of a slightly softer material , they would be able to get traction over the cord . this be not a light machine , but it be manageable for my partner who be in a wheelchair and that be say something for such a big sucker : - -rrb- frankly , i think the weight of the machine be a good thing and help keep it stable when use the hose and attachment as well as reduce the sound of the motor somewhat . so far i have be impress with the range of suction as well as the power . the machine will ` scoop up ' a lot of stuff in a radius of about 6 '' from the actual head and for anyone with pet hair in they home , this be a real boon . bag be easy to change and stuff do not fall out of 'em during a change . overall , a great buy !
130	Vacuum	POS	4	i just buy several of these small , light vacuum for we community art center , and so far , we love they . they be light , and seem to have enough suction to do the job . i also like the reusable bag . what i do not know yet be how well they will hold up over time , and that be important to we -- use to be a electrolux fan , but over the decade , the machine have be make of cheaper material , and they break down and need to be repair way too often for the cost ; thus , we be switch to this hoover model to try something new . the one thing that i would add to the current design to improv it be some way to keep all the attachment with the machine itself while you be vacuum . otherwise , so far , so good !
471	Vacuum	POS	5	this be one of the best vacuum i have use . it be a little heavy but it really get the job do .
813	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this vacuum for my wife because she want something that go `` everywhere '' . we have carpet and hardwood but the push vac tend to scratch the wood finish , and forget about corner and tight space . this new hoover portapower have solve that problem because the attachment allow we to get to all the hard to reach spot . no more broom ! it have enough power to do the job , easy to empty , and do excellent work on tile , hardwood , blind , ledge , etc. . it have all the gadget for specific need . i be pretty picky about carpeting so i would have to say it do a `` ok '' job on bedroom carpet , not perfect but good . the cord be long enough to do several room without look for a closer outlet . the unit be small enough to carry by the handle or shoulder strap so get around be a breeze . it be powerful , small , and easy to use . get a good deal at christmas and it be well worth it !
228	Vacuum	POS	4	overall i be pleased with this vacuum . carpet look fantastic ! only note be about the button to push with foot to release the handle to start . you definitely have to push just so to release . otherwise i be pleased and happy to not spend hundred more for a dyson .
778	Vacuum	POS	4	find this product on consumer report , they review it as a best buy . the manual say the battery last less than 20 minute , kind of short .
635	Vacuum	POS	5	i do not have this exact model but the s7280 , which be very similar . quite simply , it be by far the best vacuum cleaner i have ever use . also , the quietest . it be superior in term of user interface , performance and versatility . if it also last it will be one of the best appliance purchase i have ever make .
198	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum be the best . and at this price ... or for any price . i have a similar model and it last i for 7 year and that be like for age for a person who vacuum the house every day or every other day . the suction be great . it be heavy , but that be because the motor be so powerful . before i buy another eureka , i look at other brand at higher price , but i know that the best choice would be eureka boss 4870 . it have my highest recommendation .
632	Vacuum	POS	5	relocate into a smaller living space and in need of a new compact vacuum with great suction , easy to store and equip with all the need cleaning tool . the hoover portapower fulfil all my need . easy storage and because it be rate `` commercial , '' have fabulous suction , in addition to the standard cleaning implement . best of all , it have a extremely long cord , allow ample floor space to be cover , before have to unplug . although it do not have wheel , it be light enough to carry about . a shoulder strap be provide , if need . only improvement would be a retractable cord . there be sooooo moch cord , it be difficult to gather it together and bind in a provide snap strap . best available compact vacuum for the price .
741	Vacuum	POS	5	really nice product . easy to use and clean . doesnt get hot or shut down like my previous vacuum . wife love the handy headlamp feature . overall a good product and would recommend to all those who be look for a good vacuum cleaner
451	Vacuum	POS	5	this cordless vacuum do a better job of pick up pet hair than my very powerful cord vacuum cleaner . it be very easy to maneuver around furniture . empty the dirt & hair require a little effort but be really quite easy once you get the hang of it .
475	Vacuum	POS	5	i have 2 child under the age of 3 and this vacuum be my best friend ! i use it virtually every day under the kitchen table and high chair . i use it to vanquish the crummy dirt that gather in corner on the floor . i use it occasionally to clean up destroy goldfish on the couch and floor . the extendable , flexible hose be super easy to use and so helpful in reach difficult area . it could not be easier to empty . it have lot of good sucking pressure . it be only limit in 3 way : the battery life only last for about 10 minute of continual cleaning time , it be pretty loud and at first freak out my kid -lrb- but now big girl affectionately call it `` little vacuum '' and want i to get she toe with it -rrb- , and it have a fairly narrow suction diameter . all in all , it be a bargain at $ 60 and i highly recommend it for home use with child !
837	Vacuum	POS	5	extremely nice vacuum . definitely much more battery life and much less clumsy than a far more costly brand i buy just month ago and it have similar , good suction . this be also a new tech vacuum with great battery , clever design , a special motor , and the suction of the best battery unit . very easy to use since it be so well balance in the hand . and it have a flexible hose with `` normal '' crevice tool - why , oh why , have the manufacturer be so slow to make a tiny , battery-powered vacuum with a hose ? -lrb- a few year ago i have rig up a dust buster with a hose and for the first time it be really useful !! without the hose i always have feel the manual should say `` ok , pull all the dust out from underneath thing or in crevice , line up that dust in a row away from obstacle , and vacuum it up ! '' -rrb- the new flex be a little noisy , but really good .
28	Vacuum	POS	4	purchase to do minor cleanup on my model train layout . previously have a battery operate similiar product about same size . this do the same job without the battery expense . i try the keyboard cleaning and yes it do make that chore a lot easier . with the brush attachment it dislodge the dirt between the key to be suck up by the vacuum . then try the dust that accumulate around the monitor screen edge and corner which also woke well . good for crumb and other food item spill on yout desk also . a good value for minor cleanup .
92	Vacuum	POS	5	deliver on time , in excellent condition . set-up be a breeze , and although i see multiple review state the cord be not long enough , the cord seem to be what i need for my room , so no complaint there !
173	Vacuum	POS	4	i get my new vacuum yesterday . i take it out of the box and within 5 minute it be fully assemble . i do not even need to read the direction it be pretty simple . i vacuum my area rug and half the container be already full of dirt and debris . i be pretty happy with the purchase so far , packing be good and shipping be very fast -lrb- next day -rrb- . i rate this item only 4 star because it have only be 1 day since i get it and i be not to impress with the smell of the new motor . i be hope it subside the more i use it . the product come with a 1-year warrantee . it do not feel to flimsy . the light in the front be very helpful in low-lit area .
135	Vacuum	POS	4	this be a little powerhouse of a vacuum ! i love the fact that the wand be make of metal . i have have other that crack especially at the connection . it clamp on nicely when you attach the accessory . the vacuum be light weight , compact and easy to maneuver around the house . i use it mainly for wood floor , stair , upholstery and all those little area . it do a excellent job on the upholstery which be the main reason i buy it in the first place . it have amazing suction , good air flow , and a extra long , heavy duty cord . it be small enough that i keep the entire unit and all the accessory in a recycle bag hanging in my utility closet . i be so pleased with the value of this product . you will not be dissappointed !
653	Vacuum	POS	5	i be look for another car vac make by black & decker because the one that i have before this one be still work okay but be old as dirt . this black & decker work just as great as the old one that i have ; it suction the dirt up extremely well in those hard-to-reach place -lrb- because there be a small tube that extend out of the nose -rrb- , have a long cord that will extend far enough back to get the back corner of a suv , and plug into the cigarette lighter so that you do not have to worry about the battery go dead . the pivot nose be a add bonus . black & decker have do it again , and i would highly recommend this product !!!
510	Vacuum	POS	5	miele cleaner be recommend to we . the wood floor attachment get into every corner - it be incredible compare to the thing we have . the electric power carpet head also work very well . very please with the unit . in try to decide which model to buy . start at the miele web site where they list feature - such as the electric power carpet head - include in certain model . however on the web i find different price for the same model , and it seem that for any one model what different web site include be not be the same - specifically for the model i buy , callisto , there be several web site advertizing that model but in the fine print they say it include the vacuum power carpet head , not the far superior , and more expensive - electric power head . the unit we have be great - just be careful to check what some of the vendor be offer ...
315	Vacuum	POS	5	finally a small , lightweight cordless vac that actually work and do not cost $ 200 + ! i buy it for daily kitty litter cleanup and dust bunny removal . works great for both task . i previously own a shark cordless , which not only do not pick up the cat litter but blow it around the room . i do not have issue with the battery life . if you need to use a small vacuum for more than 10 min on a regular basis , then you will have to buy a heavier , more expensive or corded model .
885	Vacuum	POS	5	i think i already review this son of a gun but what the hay . i 'll do it twice . be a very cheap tightwad , it be hard for i to find a good vacuum cleaner . i always read all the feature on the box and talk myself into the cheapest one - and it never work . thank god for amazon and these reveiw because i do not think i ever could have ever find this fabulous peice of equipment without the help . very happy with this vacuum and still a really great price . win . win .
449	Vacuum	POS	4	i see a lot of negative review about this item before i buy it . however , it seem that the negative review be due to unrealistic expectation . this be a small vacuum cleaner for small job . i use it to pick up dry leaf and grass on the floor that get track in by my pet . i think it be a handy , very utilitarian vacuum for small job .
822	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this vaccuum cleaner , i buy it fro my honda odyssey & it work perfectly as i want . great product highly recommend .
543	Vacuum	POS	5	update : after two month of use ... i give it five star again . people , this be for small clean up job not vacuum whole home !! here be a tip . after you have cycle through five charges\/discharges keep it plug in full time . so you use it for say two minute , plug it back in . keep it plug in and it will always be ready . original review : if you plan on use this as you only vacuum you will be disappoint . for smaller job this thing rock ! the pet hair tool really work ... be a bit skeptical it could lift up month of thick cat hair but no problem . battery life be 10 + minute and i have only cycle the battery a few time . 10 minute be actually a fairly long time for most job . it be light , the tool do they job , it be powerful ... five star from i !
24	Vacuum	POS	4	we have struggle over the year to find the right vacuum for we need , which be to clean up enormous amount of pet hair from three huge , shed dog from we wood floor . if we go more than a day or two without vacuum we end up with giant pet-hair-bunny roll around everywhere . however , virtually all of the vacuum we try fall short for one reason or another . then we decide to take a chance on this vacuum , and while it be not perfect it have be , by far , the closest fit for we need . pro and con as follow : pro : it have a long cord . we can do we entire house from one central plug with no extension cord . we house be smallish , so this may not apply to larger house , but the cord be very long by vacuum standard , which be convenient . it be lightweight and maneuverable . we typically use the shoulder strap across we chest to the opposite shoulder which hold the vacuum in place securely , and leave both hand free for vacuuming\/picking up\/moving furniture\/etc . it can reach into small space . a lot of we furniture sit on leg that be about 3-4 inch high , leave a area underneath that can gather mountain of pet hair . use the smaller attachment , the long extension , and the long hose , we can easily vacuum under we couch , table , and other furniture without move they . it be powerful . this vacuum gobble up all the dirt , dust , and pet hair in we house without any issue . good assortment of attachment . con : the bag be messy to empty . it be a reusable bag , although you can also buy disposable bag if you choose . the shoulder strap can be uncomfortable . as i say above , we wear the strap across we chest to the opposite shoulder , and the strap pull against the side of the neck , and can chafe . we end up buy the  domke u.s. post office shoulder pad  there be no place to store\/organize attachment when not in use . so if you be use one attachment and want to switch , you have to go back to wherever you have the attachment store and get the new one . we solve the storage by use coathook on the inside of a closet door , include one to hang the vacuum from , but it would be nice if the attachment be either attach to the unit at all time , or at least in a carry bag or something you could cart around with you easily . none of the attachment be power , mean no beater bar or spin brush . for we this be not a big issue since we house be mostly hardwood floor and leather\/vinyl seating , but if you have a lot of carpeting or rug , and\/or want to use it on cloth upholstery , this might not be the vacuum for you .
478	Vacuum	POS	4	this little vacuum be nice to have on hand ! i keep it in my car so that when i find myself with a spare moment i can plug it in and sweep away . i have use it when i be go through the automatic car wash or on my lunch break . the attachment work great , the cord be very long and the storage bag hold everything . the only thing i dislike be when the nose be not completely straight some of the dirt fall out . but that be minor compare to the amount of time and money save with this handy little vac . this be definitely a must for those who like to keep thing nice and tidy !!
533	Vacuum	POS	5	i order this vacuum base on consumer report , concentrate especially on its ability to pick up pet hair . it work marvelously . my rug be totally free of pet hair after i have vacuum . it be a bit heavy , but i can live with that . the attachment be simple to work , and it be easy to turn off the beater bar -lrb- for my more fragile handmade rug -rrb- . it be quiet , too . this be the best vacuum i have ever own . it come quickly and well package , and this be the best price i find anywhere .
953	Vacuum	POS	4	i purchase this vacuum about a year ago when i move to my new apartment . i would say my use be mild to moderate , with no pet . but i do vacuum once a week in a 1 br apartment . the power and pickup on this be great , on pile carpeting . very easy to push and manuver around , of course in tight area it get a little bulky , but this come with a mini beater bar attachment for handle narrow space and the furniture . it do a great job on my couch . very easy to use and store . i do like the two chamber filter and dirt compartment , the washable filter do a great job of prevent the other filter from clog , and easy to rise and clean after a few month use . i would recommend this .
991	Vacuum	POS	5	i purchase this vacuum two year ago after do much , much homework first . review throughout the internet be very good and after use it for a year ... i be very pleased . my daughter move just after receive it and she dog loss quite a bit of hair . -lrb- she have a nervous condition -lrb- the dog -rrb- . if it could do the trick with that ... it win i over . it do quite well and i end up purchase one for she to take to she new place . she love it too !
469	Vacuum	POS	5	i already own a factory recondition version of this model , so i know it would be good go in . i need a second one for a second house . these baby deliver a huge bang for the buck . they use paper bag -lrb- cheaper to buy on amazon -rrb- but its still cheaper and easier than clean a bagless hepa filter , which be expensive to replace every 6 month . and this vacuum really suck the carpet clean . my only disappointment be that it come without the `` power paw '' hose attachment , which i would have like to have . they tell i that the recondition unit do not come with those accessory .
605	Vacuum	POS	5	great pick up , easy to use , buy both my son one ! may buy another for myself , work great ! good buy !
539	Vacuum	POS	5	we have a older model for we country home and love it . we have lot of pet and it be very sandy and dusty out here . it be quick and easy to thoroughly clean the floor , furniture , ceiling fan , shelf . i get this one for we beach house . both house be mainley tiled or laminate floor . the attachment allow for get into tight space around shelf and cabinet where fur ball like to collect . we recommend it to lot of friend .
595	Vacuum	POS	5	i have the worst luck with vacuum so it be refresh to get this one . i follow the old adage of not go for the least expensive or the most expensive but go somewhere in the middle . since i have not hear good thing about dirt devils and have personally have hideous luck with they , i pick this one . i know i use to have this vacuum in the past but thing have be update since . at any rate , i be worry , at first , due to the 19 pound weight but , it seem to be fine and move along almost like it be self propel but i do not think it be . i have use all attachment and all be fine . what i like about this bag-less machine as compare to other be that it be easy to remove the `` tube '' in which the dirt collect . in past experience , it have always be kind of a pain to replace the dirt holder just so . this be not the case as it slide right in and a lever move to hold it in place . this have two filter , one at the top and the other at the bottom , which be always a good thing . for $ 79.99 deliver to the door within two day of order , who could complain ? -lrb- i have amazon prime , which i also highly recommend for anyone who shop even 10 time a year on here because it pay for itself since shipping be soooooo expensive these day . -rrb- get a bit off track . anyhow , live for the vacuum and highly recommend it to other . hope this review help . one more quick thing be that the cord length be fabulous .
313	Vacuum	POS	5	we have be use the miele brand bag for several year but as the price continue to increase and the quantity in the box decrease decide to give these bag a try . we be very pleased ; the bag itself be good quality , the collar be cardboard instead of plastic . update 2012 : the most recent shipment be not the envirocare brand , even though that be what the photo show , but dvc brand . the bag state it come with 2 different filter but none be inside . the envirocare brand seem to be of slightly higher quality .
97	Vacuum	POS	5	by far the best small vacuum i have ever have . pick up everything and it be so easy to keep clean out and store away . easily go from bare floor to carpet . this be a great product that i highly recommend !
717	Vacuum	POS	4	it be perfect product for the price i get it for . great suction power and do the job as advertise . my carpet look really clean after use this vacuum . i be really with this buy .
252	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum be pretty amazing . you do have to clean it out a lot , but that be because it suck up everything . pro turbo brush be awesome very good suction not too loud easy to clean con the hose be too short ... it end up fall over on i when i vacuum the rug with the turbo brush
142	Vacuum	POS	5	i be really please with this vacuum ! i have hardwood floor and area rug and this really be do a awesome job . i have a riccar that i be constantly have repair prior to the bissel cleanview and my area rug have never look better ! i have two dog and two cat , so there be always lot of shed to vacuum ! the dust canister be very easy to empty . at first i be not sure if the vacuum could be all that great because of its low price . i order it anyway thanks to the good review . i be so happy i do !
730	Vacuum	POS	5	i think by now , most get the point , this be not a full size vac , not a shop vac , etc. . . but what it be , be a pretty decent vacuum in a small size . i be able to suck up lot of dirt and even bit of gravel , so i be happy . sure it take a few pass , but i choose this over have to dig up quarter at the local car wash . my recommendation , get it , it be not as strong as a regular home vac -lrb- duh -rrb- , but it be definitely strong enough to pickup most particles\/dirt .
476	Vacuum	POS	5	this be my 3rd . oreck and would not own anything else . . be very hard on vacuum think i would try the less expensive model . . it have great suction and lightweight . . it be a tad noisy , only have one speed , high , afraid it might scratch my wood floor but do not , and cord be bigger and longer and a bit cumbersome . . however , it be commercial . . for the price i be very satisfied ... oh , it be kinda power drive which make the mundane process quicker .
599	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have this vaccum for a little over a month , and so far , it work fantastically ! i use it almost daily , and it pick up everything in its path . the on board tool be great for vaccume the sofa . i would definitley recommend this vacuum to anyone who need a good vacuum on a budget .
755	Vacuum	POS	5	we spend a long time research vacuum before decide on the relatively unknown carpet pro . despite the lack of consumer review , we choose it over several hoover model in we price range because we question they durability -lrb- we be so tired of buy a vacuum and have it die month in to own it ! -rrb- . all we want be a basic vacuum , nothing fancy , that would hopefully last for many year . i think we have find it in we carpet pro . it have amazingly strong suction , be actually pretty quiet , and we be almost five month in and have not fill up the first bag yet ! i be puzzle by the negative review on its performance off carpet - why would you buy this type of cleaner to use on wood\/tile ? maybe i be old fashion , but i sweep my tile floor and just vacuum the rug ! anyway , it be a terrific vacuum , a rarity in this price point . con ? well , it be big and yellow , but it be a vacuum , not a piece of art , so who care ? also , the suction be so strong , i can not really use it on my smaller throw rug , so i have to shake they outside or onto a larger carpet .
15	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this vacuum about 4-5 year ago and it be just now die on i . i be really happy with it and i plan to buy it again . i be pretty obsessive about the condition of my home so it get a lot of use . for some reason the spin brush on the vacuum stop work even though i change the belt . for the money , i do not mind buy it every five year . i be not sure that any other vacuum out there last much longer . it work great on bare floor as well as carpet . the key be to make sure you push the brush control till you hear it click . it be harder to do than you would think but it work .
314	Vacuum	POS	4	i can only echo the positive about this vacuum cleaner . prior to this , i be use my whole house vacuum cleaner -- love the concept of it but after 9 + year , and a couple of repair , could not get it repair to its former suction . this vacuum cleaner have excellent suction and it do a great job on restore my carpet and a equally good job on my hard surface . before i start use it , my carpet need to be stretch ; however , the nap have return to its plush feel and after a few more vacuum i believe the deep cleaning will eliminate altogether the need for have it stretch . i want to give it 4-3\/4 star but it be not offer . my only complaint be the power paw attachment be not stable on the vacuum and sometimes fall off , but it be something i can live with base on the performance of the machine .
190	Vacuum	POS	5	my carpet be old but have finally get to the point where it be stain so badly , no matter how many time i clean it , the stain keep come back , not matter what i try , and i try everything ! as a final last desperate act , i look for a vacuum on amazon , and after read all the rave review on this one , i buy it -- and it work ! after vacuum my carpet with this vacuum , i be finally able to get they clean with my steam cleaner . i guess my old vacuum be so feeble that it be leave so much dirt in the carpet that the cleaner just could not do it be job efficiently -- i think with all that dirt in there -lrb- i have three huge dog who live in the house , but love play in the dirt and mud -rrb- try to clean it be just make the stain worse . now my carpet be finally clean again and i be have to steam clean they only rarely , because this vacuum get pretty much everything up to the point where i do not have to clean it so often ! i be on the point of rip my carpet out and buy new carpet , so this vacuum be well worth the price -- it give my carpet a few more year lease on life !
320	Vacuum	POS	5	this unit be not as powerful as some upright vacuum , but it be strong enough to get the job do . typically , i have the unit strap around my shoulder and neck , with the unit actually lie against my back . the cord be long enough that i can vacuum a significant area without re-plugging . further if i need to move furniture while vacuum , i can hang the hose over my neck , leave both of my hand free -- never have to but the unit down . the unit be not much louder than some battery operate vacuum , but be significantly more powerful . probably one of the few vacuum i have use where i be not bother by the noise . all of the attachment lock into each other , and can be quickly connect and disconnect . i have primarily use the vacuum on hard floor and low pile commercial carpet , and it perform as well as i could hope . however , i do suspect that this unit would be out perform by a unit with rotate brush on a high pile carpet . there be no special area on the unit to wrap the cord , instead the unit come with a button strap which will hold the cord after you have manually wrap it . for i , this be not a inconvenience , since it make release the cord very quick , and wrap the cord around my elbow and hand be easy enough . one of the primary reason i buy this unit be because of the lack of filter . the washable bag act as a filter , and there be two other filter on the unit which appear to be easy to clean . the bag be not as large as the canister in some upright unit , but so far it have allow i to vacuum multiple room without need to be empty . the only complaint i have for this unit be that there be no accessory attachment area . there be a bag for the unit which can be purchase separately which presumably solve this problem . all in all , the unit be design for commercial purpose . easy to disassemble , come with a part manual , and have a general no frill design which just work .
954	Vacuum	POS	5	best vacuum i have ever own , , , , would buy again in a heart beat , it be yellow but who care really lol , and for this price glad i do
601	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum be great ! it be lightweight & easy to charge and use and it pick up pet fur -lrb- and anything else -rrb- on carpet , linoleum , and wood floor perfectly .
610	Vacuum	POS	5	i get one of these about a year ago , and it be hold up very well . it be a little heavier than some vacuum i have use , but the power in this little guy more than make up for the minimal add weight . and it be a lot lighter than that wretched kirby i be use previously . a few thing to note : because the height be not adjustable , this put a fair amount of strain on the belt . as such , you 'll probably run through belt at a rate of about one per year or so . not a big deal , really , because the belt be easy to change . -lrb- hooray for metal construction ! -rrb- bag tend to fill up pretty quickly . again , not a big deal , especially when you realize that the bag be fill up quickly because the vacuum be suck up so much dirt out of you carpet ! i get my vacuum from amazon . however , i would suggest do a little research on price before buy . as of this writing , you can get a much better deal from allbrands.com -lrb- yeah , slapping my head over that one -rrb- , where you can get the same vacuum along with extra belt and free bag for a little less than you 'll find it here . price may fluctuate , though , so amazon may be cheaper at other time . bottom line , i would definitely recommend this vacuum . you will not find a better one in this price range . heck , you will not find a better one for a lot more than this , for that matter .
452	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this bissell vacuum cleaner on the 28th and it be a relief to know that there be still vacuum cleaner out there that can do the job they be build to do . with that say , there be one gripe i would like to acknowledge . this be not a major gripe but it be annoy enough to warrant a one star reduction . the assembly of the vacuum handle with one long screw make the handle of the vacuum cleaner seem a little bit flimsy . what be more be that the long screw attach the handle to the body through a deep recess in the screw hole . i feel that this be neither need nor preferable to a design in which two half length screw on either side of the handle could not have do a better and more stable job . this i think , be a small oversight and only detract slightly to the overall quality of the vacuum cleaner . aside from this , the bissell work flawlessly be quite capable of pick up all the dirt and debris on my carpet . it be add-on peripheral add to its utility and help get the job do the way it be mean to be do . if you be look for a decently price vacuum cleaner with the accessory to match in both look and utility , look no further because bissell have both a trust name and the know how to make a product that work .
78	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this vacuum base on consumer report recommendation . it be very good small vacuum and powerful for its size , work on both carpet and floor . i buy one for my mother and another for my aunt and they both like it .
137	Vacuum	POS	5	i have no idea this thing be go to be so small . i probably should have look at the `` detailer '' hand vacuum . just be aware that this be not for any medium - large area . this be good for clean off you desk , keyboard , or small nook and cranny . not for anything major . overall , good for what it do however . easy to use .
840	Vacuum	POS	4	i need a simple car vac that would run off the standard cigarette lighter socket - 12v dc power . live in a condo , i have no access to power where my car be park . i look at the cheaper , more `` dustbuster '' - style auto vac from black and decker , and the review be not favorable . i have one of those year ago that be pretty much useless . give this one a try and it be be great . now , you have to be realistic - it be not as good as go to a car wash or gas station and use one of the commercial coin-vac - this be for those in-between time when you want to get the heavy stuff out . dirt on the mat , along the edge , on seat . it be surprisingly powerful , and very versatile . the nozzle rotate in various position for reach in different area -lrb- straight out for the floor , more vertical for in-between seat , etc -rrb- . it also have a upholstery attachment that make it easier to loosen dirt from thicker fabric -lrb- trunk , carpet -rrb- . the attachable hose be great , too , for reach hard-to-get area . everything store well , too - the cord wrap on a reel build into the unit , the nozzle retract underneath it , and the unit and hose fit into a supply carry case . my only complaint be that the unit tend to -lrb- through static -rrb- attract dirt to its exterior - mostly near the cyclone dust chamber . it can stand to be damp wipe after use . no big deal , though , and it be a good solution for those with 12v power requirement .
761	Vacuum	POS	4	have not be use this a ton , but when i use it , it suck stuff up like crazy ! the dial be fairly easy to use and adjust . because of other comment about the part be fragile , i have try to pay attention and so far nothing have break . i like all the different adjustment , but wish the handheld cord be a tiny bit longer . it be a heavy vacuum cleaner , but i guess that be a sacrifice to be make for something so sturdy . overall , very good and i would recommend it with the above caveat
661	Vacuum	POS	5	works great and i highly recommend this vacuum . i buy this vacuum for my son in florida . he be a bachelor and have a dog . the vacuum pick up the dog hair in the carpet easily and the upholstery tool get the hair out of the furniture as well .
7	Vacuum	POS	5	after use this vacuum for over 6 month , i would definitely recommend this item . i have no problem run the unit for 15 minute without the power get low . suction be very strong . the noise level be comparable to a handheld dustbuster and clean out the vacuum be a similar mess also . we use this vacuum for daily cleaning of the kitchen eating area . the space be too big to cover with a handheld unit . but the cleaning require do not seem worthy of drag the cord vacuum out and wind and unwind the power cord . the recharge stand be also convenient for store this unit .
964	Vacuum	POS	5	i rec would this as a amazon vine choice product for review . my first impression upon see it and use it be that i love it ! my husband be not as thrill with it because he feel it do not have great suction . i really like the appearance , size , and design of the product . it be not too heavy and i feel it be easy to handle and have great manuverability . i particulary enjoy use this product with the nozzel attachment and like that i could easily see what i be do because all i be look at be the small nozzel tip -lrb- no bulky unit in you work hand and nothing block you work view -rrb- . i can see how some people may not like that for the most part this be a two hand unit ; you hold the base with one hand and you other hand sweep the nozzel . i feel that it be flexibility with the hose -lrb- length of reach , work visibility , and manuverability ; you can very easily reach all nook and tight spot with ease -rrb- far outweigh the need for use both hand . i have a 9.6 volt typical style dirt buster and the hand hold eureka 71b . the dust buster be ok , but i be not a big fan because i find it bulky to use and i do not think it be get very good suction through it be broad mouth . the eureka be good because it have a long electrical cord , do not lose power and have both a power beater brush and the option of one hand hold nozzel tool on a short hose attachment . what i do not like about the eureka be that due to the cord it be more of a commitment to pull out , it be heavy , loud , and blow hot air out the rear toward you . i would pass on the old fashion dirt buster and get this flex vac , though i feel the price should only be $ 40 . the eureka be great for more long term , higher suction portable vacuuming job -lrb- like stair , or really dirty car -rrb- . the flex vac come with a a narrow tip nozzel , a rubbery grippy pet hair grabber which have many little grabber finger on it , and small brush end sweeper tool .
564	Vacuum	POS	5	this item be just as describe . it be the best working vacuum i have own . do not realize what bad shape my carpet be be until i receive this vacuum . it be like have new carpet it work so well . it be so easy to use a child could use it and we all know how they love to help with thing such as this . it be light weight you can easily carry up stair . i highly recommend this item for anyone , as in all product amazon provide this be another great one .
223	Vacuum	POS	4	my wife be tire of the old one , same type and bag etc. . . , so i buy she this one . a little heavy , but it accelerate quick enough . she seem to enjoy fly it almost as much as i enjoy watch she . the improve thrust let she get a bit too close to airliner traffic , so i ask she to stick to chase kid in cemetery and the occasional backdrop with the moon , or else everyone will know what you be instead of just think it ... ; -rrb-
895	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the best vacuum , in this price range , that i have ever have . i recommend it without condition . it be lighter in weight than my hoover fold-away be , easier to clean and the upholstery attachment work really well for pick up cat hair off my sofa . -lrb- love the cat , hate the fur on everything ! -rrb- buy this one , you will not regret it !
721	Vacuum	POS	5	this be my second `` boss '' vacuum and i highly reccommend this model ! it clean very well and have great suction ! the onboard tool be very handy and it be quick to switch from floor to hose ! the cord be long enough to reach many area without have to unplug it ! the only real negative i can think of be this be a very loud vacuum !
100	Vacuum	POS	5	i have be use oreck vacuums for year . i know that there be other vacuum on the market that look great and have a lot of hype , but forget they ! this be the best and it last forever . it be light , get under bed , easy to use , and clean great .
140	Vacuum	POS	5	so after 8 year my hoover vacuum bit the dust . i actually do not do most of the vacuuming , my boyfriend do . so i research for the best vacuum with all of he requirement : 1 . must be bagless . `` i hate fumble with those stupid bag . '' 2 . must be upright . `` i do not want to be drag half the machine behind i '' 3 . must have cleaning tool . `` i have to get under the table and the baseboard too , it get gross ! '' this one meet all of he requirement ; bagless , upright , 4 tool . and it meet mine : must be reasonably price . we go to we local target and buy it , not ten minute after we be home my boyfriend have it out of the box and be go nut on we apartment . it be honestly hilarious , every minute he be scream out something like , `` this light be awesome babe !! '' `` oh my god , babe ! check out this turbo brush ! '' `` this thing have so much suction !! look at the crap i pull out of the carpet '' `` oh man , this vacuum rock !! '' we have only have it for a day but my entire apartment have be vacuum not once , but twice because he have to move all the furniture to vacuum underneath it . i love this vacuum because my boyfriend love it . you swear he be five-years-old and i buy he the newest , coolest , most awesomest toy ever . best purchase ever .
498	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a nifty little tool . i want something small but efficient to keep on my kitchen counter for pick up crumb , lint , etc. from the kitchen counter and floor mat . it be really quite powerful and small enough that it be barely notice on the countertop . great buy for little job .
879	Vacuum	POS	4	i do have to say this be one of the best vacuum i have use as far as suction . i do not know my carpet have nap until i use this one . this model have such good review that i purchase it in spite of it not have a few feature i usually prefer think it do not matter . it do matter and if i have it to do over again , i would have choose a vacuum with those feature . pro : ~ great suction , even use a extra long hose . ~ long cord allow i to vacuum entire apartment without stop to unplug and replug in each room con : ~ the edge of the vacuum only pick on up the right side . there be about a 5 '' strip that do not pick up on the left side . i figure i would just turn the vacuum around for the left side . that be not always possible or be very difficult depend on wall and furniture arrangement . ~ no front light . do not think that matter , but after use one without it , it really do help to have that light show what be in front of the vacuum . ~ lol , the long cord - sometimes get tangled and a lot to round up . but it be worth it to be able to reach without have to unplug and replug . ~ do not come with the hose that go out the back -lrb- unless you somehow disconnect and reattach the hose on the unit ??? - i could not figure that one out -rrb- so i order a extra long one . wish i go with 5 foot but i want to be sure i could reach the ceiling for bug . it be a pain to store and use , but it do work and it be always long enough ! on my budget , it be not worth re-invest in a new vacuum and this one do work well . i just wish i have get one with suction on both side , a light in front , and a shorter hose .
731	Vacuum	POS	5	we buy this vacuum to replace we old vacuum , which do not seem to do a good job . we be consider get a dyson due to all the hype , but i come across this one and think i would try it out and save some money . besides , if it do not work for we , we could return it . well , let i tell you , this vacuum will not be leave we house ! it work great , and the suction be amazing . one feature we be look for be be able to turn off the roller brush since we have berber carpet and it be recommend to not use a brush to vacuum it . the switch be easy to operate . the power cord be much longer than we old vacuum . i have be use bag less vacuum for as long as i can remember , so i be not sure about the expense of get one with a bag , but i think that be all i will get from now on . it be so much cleaner , which be great with several people in the house suffering from allergy . all the attachment work great and although we do not have pet , i could see this be able to get pet hair out of anything . i have only find two con with this vacuum . first , it be somewhat heavy . i be a big guy , so this do not bother i , but it could cause some difficulty for other . it can also be a little difficult to push around without the brush on , due to the strong suction . the other con i could be it take a lot of pressure on the foot pedal to unlock the pedestal so that you can vacuum . i find it be very easy if i use my heel on it though . i would highly recommend this vacuum for anyone in the market for one . you will not be disappoint .
232	Vacuum	POS	5	after careful review of all the option for a backpack vacuum , i choose this one . first , the review be great . i think the spec seem right for i , and the hoover brand be a good one . i have replace a thirty year old , but still work , hold in you hand variety . i be older now and have difficulty with my hand . i place the order right in the midst of the holiday rush . i receive confirmation of the order and then the notice of shipping . it get here in three day . the day it arrive , i have just be home from have knee scope surgery for a few hour . i be sit packed in ice , but i have to try it out . i read the direction , i sit it on the counter and back into the strap . after secure the waist strap , i plug it in at a socket that i think would not have to be move . i be right . i have 1750 square foot on one level . with the 50 foot cord , i be able to get around my entire house . the suction be very powerful . i have puff of dog hair around most of the time and they come rush into the hose from a foot away . the wand be fabulous on the baseboard and up in the corner on the ceiling . the rug attachment work amazingly well on my area rug and small throw rug . best of all be the great job on the hard wood floor with the very same attachment . i have recommend this product already to a friend and she feel the same way about it . hip , hip , way to go !  hoover commercial shoulder backpack vacuum cleaner
186	Vacuum	POS	5	excellent power , and do not grab the loose carpet edge , not heavy and extremely easy to push around . hardly use my canister vacuum now .
139	Vacuum	POS	5	i have not have experience with other miele model , but if this thing be any indication , miele make a line of excellent machine . here be a quick rundown of some -lrb- but not all -rrb- of the advantage and disadvantage of this unit : pro : + excellent filtration -lrb- as good as it get -rrb- + quieter than any vacuum i have ever hear + low ground clearance + well designed\/engineered in pretty much every aspect -lrb- i love the cord winder , wheel , bag , auto-shutoff , etc ! -rrb- + look really slick while still subdue -lrb- do not scream `` i be a dyson ! '' -rrb- con : - typical disadvantage of be a canister vac . sometimes difficult to maneuver around corners\/doors , sometimes a pain try to reposition hose . - attaching\/detaching certain tool and the wand itself can be a little awkward at time - price be steep ! the bottom line be that if you can afford it , you absolutely can not go wrong with this vacuum -lrb- or presumably any miele -rrb- . i give it 5 star because , while not \* perfect \* , it certainly be the best vacuum i have ever see or use ... and by a landslide . note : if you have carpet , i would recommend any model in the s5 line -lrb- except the pisces , which do not include a power brush head -rrb- . for primarily hard floor , any of the miele model should meet you need .
588	Vacuum	POS	5	excellent product ! this be the best product i have ever try . this thing have massive suction power and it pick everything and anything in its path . i use it couple of time per week and one great benefit of own this be that you do not have to go to car wash and use they yucky vacuum cleaner to clean inside of you car . you have no idea who use those and for what purpose -lrb- yuck ! -rrb- . if you can afford it then buy it i highly recommend it !
843	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum cleaner have wonderful cleaning power , but i find it extremely heavy to push and pull around . the cord be nice and long -lrb- maybe too long -rrb- .
104	Vacuum	POS	5	the black & decker car vacuum be compact , plug into you car outlet , and do a good job of remove my dog 's constantly shed white hair . it come in a handy carry case , and store in the car easily . it be simple to put together and get the job do .
585	Vacuum	POS	5	i totally love my hoover commercial shoulder vacuum cleaner . it be much easier to use then my old up right model . it do a better job & have a super long cord , so even in a larger house , you do not need to switch plug often .
205	Vacuum	POS	5	the amazon\/b & d description be accurate . it do not show in the pic i see of it , but two of the attachment sit in a cradle that attach to the unit . you can remove the vac from the cradle , but i have never find reason to do so while use it -- and have the two most use attachment always there be nice . it be not uncomfortably loud , from similar item in store i have turn on , it seem a bit quieter than average . you hearing\/mileage may vary . read the instruction fully . it state you need to charge it up to 5 time -lrb- from a empty or nearly empty charge -rrb- before the battery hit its stride . they be correct ! the first time i charge it over-night , the battery maybe last a combined 7 minute -lrb- and i be be generous -rrb- . i be only on the 4th charge cycle but each time i have see steady improvement in battery life . the instruction state b&d; have already pay the battery recycle fee -lrb- obviously include in the price of the unit -rrb- ; there be a toll-free number to call where another company will send you a prepaid package to send the battery back when they finally do die . it be free of charge -lrb- you pay for it -rrb- , and in this crazy world it might not seem like a big deal -- but call and have the battery recycle properly . -lrb- -lrb- and i be not some prius drive hipster drive a car that use more `` natural resource '' to manufacture than a standard petrol power vehicle - it be just the right thing to do -rrb- -rrb-
405	Vacuum	POS	5	just get mine . i order it because of it be portability and the flexible hose with the brush tip crevice look tool . i be not disappoint . i love it for crevice , along my countertips\/backsplashes , my wicker\/rattan furniture , louvered door , computer equipment , stereo equipment , statue and figurine , picture frame , etc. etc. . it clean where a dust rag or a larger vac hose and brush just will not reach . and it portable . i love this thing . i can not wait to turn it loose inside my car . get 's around a half-hour on a charge -lrb- be hope for a little more -rrb- , but i can live with that . i never use it that long at any one time anyway . update : it be december and i just order one of these thing for a christmas gift . one of the recipient 's room be a music room full of instrument and equipment that need dust . they be go to love this thing .
345	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this thing . try to clean up after a dog and a contractor be not easy . but have the roomba do the vacuum everyday make it sooo much easier .
700	Vacuum	POS	5	just try mine for first time -lrb- 11\/2011 -rrb- . works well . light to push , suction very good , pick up a lot of dust and hair . filter seem seem easy to clean . attachment be all good . combination dust brush\/upholstery tool be a bit awkward to use b\/c of the way it be slant and the turbobrush would be better if you have the option for the hose to be upright while you use it . overall , pretty fantastic for the price !
659	Vacuum	POS	4	i be very happy with this vacuum . it be easy to assemble , look great , and it work very well . i really do not have any complaint and be very happy with my choice . i almost buy one that be $ 15 less but look cheap and do not have the add feature that this one do .
433	Vacuum	POS	4	i have own and use three of these vacuum in my business over the last 25 year and have always love they . good price , great suction , small , easy to use , etc. . i can echo all of the other user comment in that this be a great vacuum . but , they change one thing on the most recent vacuum i buy that i just hate . they make the hose a short springy thing instead of a longer non-springy deal . so , when you set the vacuum down and start use it to clean up , and pull on the hose to extend it , it yank on the vacuum , even bang it into thing or drag it around . no more set the vacuum on a ladder to clean something higher up , or set it on stair ; it would tumble down in a instant . and the hose be so short that you be always pull on the vacuum with it . i take my old vacuum hose and put it on the new vacuum . hopefully i will not accidentally step on it and crush it as i have do before , since now i can not replace it except with the new springy one . i call hoover to complain and ask if the old hose be available . answer - no. . so , as much as i like this vacuum , it be a bit of a deal breaker in ever buy another one , unless i want to spend the time try to find a older hose or some other hose that would fit it , or make one on my own somehow . the hoover rep seem unsympathetic to my problem and offer nothing - just what i expect with the way customer service be these day . as a aside , i buy this on amazon at a great price , and know i could send it back , but do not . i really love amazon pricing and service that i have that option . so , keep this new change in mind in decide whether to buy a otherwise great vacuum .
793	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum work exactly as i hope it would . it be light and portable enough that i can use it for small tidy up but strong enough to do most of my cleaning . i be very happy with it .
908	Vacuum	POS	4	i take away a star due to not receive the advertised ` scent tablet ' which be the minor value add that lead i to pick this particular seller . however the bag themselves be fine . they have the cardboard collar as oppose to plastic , but it work . i have also try filtrete , crucial , green label , etc. . they all work fine . in fact in 10 year of miele ownership , i have only ever have 2 bag fail and they be both official miele brand bag . as i have read on other review for the various bag , i agree it be hard to say if they all actually filter as much dust as miele -lrb- or maybe even more -rrb- but i will say that i do not notice any residual dust inside the bag chamber regardless of which bag i have use -lrb- other the two previously mention miele brand bag that fail -rrb- . base on all of this , in my experience , there be no reason to pay for the expensive , price-controlled miele brand bag . the machine be expensive enough in the first place , and replacement part cost a arm and a leg . so save money on the bag !
444	Vacuum	POS	4	this be a really nice little vacuum , very versatile for small job . we use it on hardwood floor and well as rug and have pretty good suction power and be very easy to glide on carpet of rug when bristel be turn on ... seem that the rotate action help propel it forward . we seem to be vacuum more often give the size and portability . highly recommend for small job or apartment . the con i see be the capacity ... remember , this be not a big vacuum , but as long as you do not mind empty it after each vacuum , you should be fine
159	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this vacuum about 5 month ago and be please with how it be work so far . i use it to clean my apartment which have a mixture of carpeted and hard floor . it be easy to change brush height when go between the two floor type , and also when go from the floor brush to the hose . there be enough hose attachment to handle any tight area the main vacuum can not reach and also any cobweb in the corner of the ceiling . these attachment also work well if you need to clean you car or any upholstered furniture . i do not have any pet , so i can not comment on how it perform with pet hair . overall it be a nice , versatile vacuum for any routine cleaning you need to do .
904	Vacuum	POS	5	this be now my wife 's go to vacuum for small job around the house or car . we buy a second one for we boat . usually last 15 minute or a bit more for we .
179	Vacuum	POS	5	finally a vacuum i be happy with ! great suction , handy tool , easy to use a i do not think the price could be beat .
504	Vacuum	POS	5	the best car vac i have used so far and it fold up to a compact size to minimize space in your vehicle or any where else .
176	Vacuum	POS	4	i have be in the detail biz for 30 year . . have use just about every car vac that be ever be produce at one time or another . . most of they be pretty cheesy . . some be better than other . most suck . . in a bad way . due to that fact i generally just take my vehicle to the nearest car wash and use they industrial-strength vac . recently buy a mini-cooper and decide i want to keep a small vac on board . do my usually anal research and decide on the black & decker pav1200w ... be not sure what to expect after read both good and bad review . i think some people expectation be just too high . be pleasantly surprise with this little device . the cord be plenty long . the accessory and bag be nice although i go to griots garage and buy a nicer bag for under $ 15 . the adjustability of the nozzle be sweet make it easier to get into hard place . the icing be the fold-up design which make it easy to store in the car 's lilliputian trunk . the little black and decker do a decent job of suck up the small stuff and it be just what i be hope for . do i wish it have more suction ? absolutely , but for such a small device . . that would be unrealistic . if you be expect it too pick up pebble , crayon , or shell casing . . it be not gonna happen . however . . i be very happy with mine for the day to day minor visual maintenance and i feel it be well worth the money .
255	Vacuum	POS	4	buy this cordless vac to mainly pick up dog hair from hardwood floor between house cleaning . it have good suction and pick up hair well and be small enough to get between table leg and under most funiture with its pivot postion . it also work well on rug , have not really try it on carpet , but no reason to think it would not excel there too . only slight drawback , and not really with i , but with the wife , it be pretty loud . the noise level be signicant for a smaller vac , but i do not care as long as it work well .
993	Vacuum	POS	5	great vacuum suck everything in its way . i have three time more expensive vacuum for my first floor and i buy this much cheaper vacuum for my second floor , and to be honest with you i find no difference in suck power both of they be 12 amp. , almost same weight and same noise level . i be happy i purchase bissell hopefully it last atleast couple of year .
673	Vacuum	POS	4	apart from standard positive of this vacuum like number of extension , follow be some positive which i think be really unique : 1 . power . vacuum cleaner be indeed powerful as mention by other in they review . 2 . mode control knob . this knob , at the base of vacuum that help you in control the mode , be useful indeed . you can easily clean hard floor at low power whereas you need more power if you be clean carpet . and control be give to you , which be always good . 3 . cable length . i love the length of cable this vacuum cleaner come with . i be able to clean two room from a single socket in my living room . it be always frustrate to keep on plug in vacuum after every 5 min . this long cable ensure i do not have to do it every now and then . 4 . light bulb . a light source give on this vacuum which move with vacuum be a well think feature . it do not only help with light at dark place , but also give you a idea of how close or far you the vacuum 's edge be from the wall . it help in avoid bang into wall while cleaning . negative : 1 . it be little heavier -lrb- bulky -rrb- . if you be willing to compromise on feature and power and if you have a backache problem , i would not recommend you this vacuum . it be not very bulky and if you be fit enough , you will not even feel the weight . this warning be for people who be already suffer from a backache . 2 . better manual . not that vacuum be very hard to assemble , but more picture in manual would give i more confidence when i assemble it .
474	Vacuum	POS	5	i be very happy with the speedy delivery , the good price , and the vacuum cleaner in general . it be everything as advertise . i save a bunch over buy it locally .
679	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a great vacuum . i have a old canister vac that totally blow ! once we get this vacuum i realize how bad my old vacuum be . it be super easy to assemble . the first time i use it , i empty the collector 3 time . it suck up stuff that i do not know be in my carpet . the attachment be easy to use . i only wish the cord be longer . it also clean tile well . i be very pleased with my purchase .
657	Vacuum	POS	4	works pretty well at remove dog hair , so long as you use it with the short brush find on the underside of the unit . i have yet to find a vacuum cleaner that remove dog hair entirely . even after vacuum , you 'll still need to pick up clump of hair from the carpet and nozzle , but that be easier than individually pick they up .
752	Vacuum	POS	5	great vacuum , this be the second one i have buy and for the money there be nun better . just keep the filter clean . my first one be five year old and still work fine , use it for the rent house now . my new one work great and i be very happy with it .
16	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a excellent product easy to use , great suction . great for get connect in to hard to get at place .
559	Vacuum	POS	5	i find the black & decker cyclonic action automotive pivoting nose vacuum cleaner to be very convenient . it make get into small space a real breeze , sometimes even fun ! and that be say something because i do not like to vacuum . i be able to clean area i have never be able to clean in a car with a vacuum before !
377	Vacuum	POS	5	well i do not have technical knowledge about vacuum , spec and all that , but as the owner of a long-haired white german shepherd , i know a thing or two about hair and dust . i get the s7210 vacuum on this site several month ago , and it be the bomb . my last vacuum be a $ 600 dollar dyson animal -lrb- special for pet and allergy -rrb- and the miele leave the dyson in the dust . i have also own oreck , and it be ok but i think it be so overpriced and overhyped . my housekeeper agree that this be better than anything she be ever use , so that be the view from a woman who know . pro : solid construction , include the cord . i always resist bag , but with the prevalence of dust in this town , the canister of the dyson create a disgusting mess every time i empty it . the bag just work better , in my opinion , and they hold quite a bit . and of course it use a hepa filter -lrb- but you have to buy the filter separately . it be not much , but i forget what it cost . -rrb- the profile of the miele be lower than the dyson 's , make it easier to vacuum under couch and low-sitting chair . the vacuum swivel -lrb- dyson do not -rrb- and i can not believe how much easier it be to use with this feature . the bag and filter be really easy to change -lrb- and the filter be washable -rrb- . the power be adjustable -lrb- high , low , medium etc -rrb- whereas the dyson literally ruin rug because it suck so hard on the fiber . -lrb- and i do not notice greater cleaning with the dyson , just ruin area rug . -rrb- in addition to a adjustable height dial , there be a simple flip switch when clean `` carpet '' or `` floor . '' this and the power switch be position on the front of the handle , so there be no root around for the power switch . the height dial be just below those switch , so it be all very practical to use . all in all miele work great , and if you have to do house chore , it be actually kind of fun to use . oh , and the color be really pretty -lrb- not that this be important . -rrb- neutral : it be a little heavy , probably due to solid construction , but because i be small i do not love carry it the the second floor . this may not matter to other , and it do not prevent i carry it ; i feel the same way about the dyson . con : you have to buy bag -lrb- as say , they hold alot though -rrb- , and i be not in love with the cord windup . sometimes i want to cover a small area -lrb- like the den where the dog hang out -rrb- . it be not practical to unwind and use only part of the cord because it keep unwinding\/falling from the cord holder so you end up have to unwind then rewind the whole -lrb- pretty log -rrb- cord . not a big deal , i would just rather not have to go through that whole routine every time . finally , it be not cheap . however , in my experience cheap vacuum do not last or work as well as some higher dollar model . and i have my pricy dyson just two year before it stop work well consistently , plus i be sick of deal with the nasty canister cleaning . a model as expensive as that dyson should not need to be replace after 2 year . i be single , plus the dog , so it be not as though it be use constantly or have heavy workout . the miele seem worth the price tag as compare to both low and high dollar competitor . though it be too soon to evaluate the lasting power of the miele , in every other respect it be better than anything i have ever have . hope this help , and happy cleaning !
128	Vacuum	POS	4	i be a little skeptical to purchase this at first because of the big price difference from the bosch bag . i be happy to report these bag work great !
854	Vacuum	POS	5	i have own this same unit for more than 7 year with 2 household use it weekly and the motor go out just in feb. 2011 . lucky for i i be able to find the same model on amazom.com so i jump on it asap . head up this be not the most quite of unit . lady lee
742	Vacuum	POS	5	we be replace we 7 year old bissell which be basically the same product . that vacuum perform well , as long as you clean the filter every once in a while it will last for year . i find it for cheaper at meijer.com pro : price pick up pet hair great washable filter easy to empty canister ability to get under table , etc -lrb- almost get parallel to the ground -rrb- long cord con : a little heavy a good buy that i reccomend to anyone look for a affordable daily use vacuum .
234	Vacuum	POS	5	this product really do the job . good vacuum and versitile as far as rug type and floor to vacuum . look to be durable and be easy to handle .
120	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum cleaner be worth every penny u spend on it . the cleaning be awesome and the result be very good . i have no complaint from this vacuum cleaner . it work as good on a carpet as on a bare floor surface . i have a combination of both carpet and bare floor in my apt , and i have have no trouble on either surface . it work wonderfully on both surface . clean the dust container be also very user friendly . my recommendation : go for it !!
307	Vacuum	POS	4	my husband be skeptical when i tell he i order a vacuum online ! he 1st question be , `` if it be commercial do that mean it be go to be super heavy ? '' ugh ... have not even think of that and do not remember see any review about it be weight !! i be happy to report that this vacuum be not heavy at all and probably lighter than my last . thing i love about it ... great suction , weight , and the way it lay flat to clean under furniture . thing i do not love about it ... this model do not come w \/ extension hose and the one that be on it be short and i also do not care for the way the cord wind . that say , i think this be a great sweeper , especially for the price !!
560	Vacuum	POS	4	price and delivery excellent . have not use it enough to make a final judgment but , so far , vacuum be above average . machine seem to be heavy and balance be not good - hard to maneuver . tool all store on the machine and seem adequate but , have not yet use any of they . controls and switch be very stiff , however , they seem to work ok . all in all , this machine seem to meet expectation for the price .
450	Vacuum	POS	5	these bag be hard to find and really expensive most place , save a lot of money and time purchase online .
317	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum be one of the best vacuum i bring it move easily and pick up easy . these two thing be highly important to i consider i be in a wheelchair . i would prefer self propel but for the price you can not beat the way it move .
848	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this item after read all the review , so here be mine ... you will be underwhelm , but no more so than any other 12v plug-in . the amount of suck be proportional to the amp draw from you battery , and i be guess that the manuf have agree how many amp it be ok to draw - wire thickness , etc. . but i do like the thoughtful design of the pull-out end on the suction wand , the compact fold-up and the nylon case . and despite as have be point out , this be not a truly centrifical vac , the filter clean out easily . i use it on my pontoon and it can suck up sand , etc , but i be on my hand and knee cover pretty tight back and forth to get everything . i wish i have 110v and esp 13a @ 110v but i do not , so i have to make do with a 12v plug-in . if i do have 110v i would say that all 12v hand-held be light-weight . but for i and my pontoon down by the lake it be probably as good as it get , so this vac have my vote give the limitation . ps - you can make it run a little faster by run you engine to boost batter voltage .
844	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum work much better than we last bagless vacuum . it do clean the floor well , bare and carpet . the con be that be very heavy and the hose be short . to vacuum my step i have to do half with the vacuum at the top of the step and half from the bottom .
832	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a good vacuum cleaner if you plan on use it for short spot cleaning . like the other reviewer note , it have a runtime of about 5 minute . however , it have a lot of power so we do not usually need to use for more than a couple of minute . pro : \* have enough power to pull up most dirt , cereal , etc \* not very heavy \* dishwasher safe filter \* easy to remove filter con : \* short runtime -lrb- 5 minute -rrb-
898	Vacuum	POS	5	after read review etc. we decide to replace we current eureka with this one . ours quit run because we do not really keep up with maintenance . we have have it for 7 + year and like it . i like that this one have the paw attachment for the stair . it be a little heavy and noisy , but it clean great . this be a great vacuum for the money .
724	Vacuum	POS	5	i have a dyson animal and it have be my primary vacuum for the past 6 year . about 2 year ago the dyson begin to be less effective in vacuum we carpet , which be low pile . we dust & vacuum several time per week as we have 3 kid , two husky and a long hair cat , so have a strong reliable vacuum be paramount . to give you a idea of how much we use we vacuum , we vacuum almost daily during shed season on both hardwood , area rug , stair & carpeting . we have about 1600sf of hardwood with a variety of rug . we household be a true test for a vacuum . i clean the dyson - all port and point - regularly but figure maybe it need a `` tune-up '' as the suction seem almost nil . it be better upon a professional maintenance but not as great as it seem to have once be . i `` test drive '' some new dyson model and really like the ball with the ability to get under cabinet but find the much shorter cord a hindrance and the smaller dust bin a pain to empty twice as much . i like the electrolux but it be bulky and i have stair , so that be not a consideration . i have two neighbor who have sing the praise of miele for year but i resist due to the cost . i have a miele dishwasher and it do a incomparable job , so i decide to research the miele . i read a few negative item , but predominantly the review be strong . so i `` test drive '' the miele twist for a week . i be completely impress with so many feature i will never go back . here be the item i think make it superior to dyson : 1 . the bottom of the vac be metal , the base have a full rubber bumper and the beater bar have a indent make it easy to cut off any string , hair or impediment . 2 . the dust bin do not need empty - no fun with pile of dog hair . while a bit more costly , the bag really contain the dirt , dust and hair and reduce my cleaning time . intially i love the fact the dyson have no bag to buy and a easy-to-empty canister , but after a while it be not just a easy chore . empty the canister also mean clean the dust when you dump it , clean the rubber gasket prior to reassembly to be sure suction be maintain , and be sure that all the dust get empty and be not stick in the hole of the central perforated cone . 3 . the miele vacuum have a short `` nose '' so it can reach under cabinet & furniture easily and it can lay flat . the dyson can not do this . 4 . the miele have a amazing ability to turn & swivel and be very easy to push . 5 . the miele have a 35 foot long cord - can reach everywhere without unplug ! 6 . this miele do not come with the hepa filter like the model that be $ 300 more , but the supply filter be a good one and can easily be replace with the same $ 50 filter the other model come with . 7 . the beater brush can be turn off leave only suction , which be great if you have a delicate surface to clean . so i splurge and keep the miele . have have this miele for over month now , i can truly say that this miele be a much better quality machine physically and performance wise . i will keep the dyson as a back up - to use on another floor in the house . but this miele be now use daily because of its ease of use & the clean path it leave in its wake ! i highly recommend this vacuum .
617	Vacuum	POS	5	i be a smart buyer use consumer report and always do my research before i purchase anything . i just like read up on product that haven prove reliability and do they job , consumer report rate this eureka model very well . the price be right and i like the attachment right on the vacuum , good idea . i have allegy and really want the dust , and pile dirt remove from my rug . i have purchase other light weight vacuum but the power be just not there to suck up the dirt .
306	Vacuum	POS	5	this product work as describe its function . buy it ... i have never hesitate to make this purchase . i highly recommend it if you have a vehicle to keep it clean .
285	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy a dyson ball from hsn , that last close to a month in my power . i own all kind of vacuum cleaner , until as last resort i buy this one . let 's be real , not everything that cost hundred of dollar have to be good . tha 's what i tought but , no. . i pay $ 79.99 and be the best vacuum cleaner ever !! i use it everyday , still work as the first day , be not heavy , have light , i can pick dust from wall and curtain , the sofa !! , it have a long cord , stair attachment , and many more . the setting for the floor be the best . hardwood floor and carpet . i love it !!
341	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have the oreck xl2100rh commercial for ten year now and think it be a great vacuum . i just buy a new roller for it on amazon for a great price along with some belt . have to replace the fan housing assembly three year ago when the plastic crack , but it work fine now . just do not let the handle hit the ground too hard , i think that may be how i crack the fan housing . keep it clean around the roller and belt for optimum performance . it be amazing how fast dirt and pet hair will build . it do a great job on pick up pet hair . for the price , you can not go wrong .
598	Vacuum	POS	5	receive on time and in good condition from -lrb- ... -rrb- . this be a electrolux upright carry the eureka sanitaire name . reasonably quiet , have dual motor . use suction-only motor when sweep hard floor or use hand wand , turn on both motor to vacuum carpet with brush roll . one suction speed , four floor height setting . easy to switch suction mode between wand and brush , ergonomic control . operate in prone position to vacuum under bed . no headlight , have heavy 50ft removable cord , a little on the long side but okay . a significant improvement over the bagless vacuum it replace . this product be compare with sebo and miele . use for one month before write this review , purchase for household with many pet .
828	Vacuum	POS	5	i have just purchase the most popular brand of these hand vac a year ago and it turn out to be rather worthless . it may pick up a crumb but that be about it . this be just what i have want for year . my need be mostly for get dog hair off the furniture and not have to drag out the big vac . this be fantastic and come with a specific pet hair tool . i have a pom so there be a hair issue daily . it also have nozzle\/brush and crevice tool . the instruction tell you to charge for 21 hour the first time and that it may take up to 5 time of 21hr charge and complete dispensing of the power for it to reach it be full charge hold time . i have do this 3 time and each time run it 20 min and it be still not totally do ... but i be . lol . i love the design and it be easy to hold and the tool be on board , but the holder can be remove when in use . it have a 2 year warranty which be wonderful . it be good look also and take up little space . you can grap it quickly and clean up a spill . very each to empty the canaster and it will not turn on if you do not have it close correct which be a good safety feature . the 4 foot flexable hose be great for reach and clean blind . you just can not do all these thing with the old fashion buster kind of vac . if there be 10 star this item would get it from i . just make sure you do the 21hr charge and do not give up on it until you have do it 5 time . i be satisfy at 3 but if i find it not to hold after 5 or go down i 'll come back and let you know .
716	Vacuum	POS	5	i be pleased with the portapower vacuum . it be so much easier than push a upright or pull a canister vacuum . much easier to do stair also . works fine on my low pile carpet . not too heavy for over my head\/shoulder . nice selection of attachment . easy to attach\/detach . the bag be easy to clean and so there be no need for buying and replace disposable bag . it be perfect for what i want . the only thing that in my opinion could be better be the cord . it be nice and long so i can clean everywhere in my townhouse without have to replug , but it be very stiff and hard to roll up for storage . perhaps it will soften with use .
562	Vacuum	POS	5	this machine have not lower my low density lipo protein , make my dog appreciate i more , or reduce my carbon footprint . it do inhale dirt , hair , meteorite dust and spill gum arabic with wonderful alacrity . some have complain of its noise , but compare to we old hoover it be virtually mute . it be certainly no noisier than my saxophone practice session . it have stylish line that warrant take it to any state dinner or soiree , and it be name be sure to inspire conversation . the appellation `` boss '' may seem a bit crass at first , and i may have choose supervisor , manager , or overlord , but upon reflection the name serve it well . it have a springstein-like sense of freedom while at the same time keep true to it be work class root . the head light be useless except for comic relief but i seldom be strike with the urge to clean in the dark anyway . the handle adjust to different angle easily and the myriad attachment be append to its body , much in the manner of parasite to a host . it be all there when you need it . more humorous than the light be the so call power paw . while i value the utility of this little cleaning head with a rotate brush that do a fine job on upholstery and the like , i feel embarrassed to be use something so name . for the price , feature and performance i endure my discomfort and would recommend this little sucker to anyone .
861	Vacuum	POS	5	after break my dirt devil bagless vac -lrb- no fault of it be own -rrb- , i have to find a new vacuum . what i favor about this vacuum be the easy release of the dirt chamber and the better filter design compare to the dirt devil . surprisingly , this vacuum be quite noticeably quieter than the dirt devil , yet do not seem to lack any power in comparison . i think at first it be weaker since it be so noticeably quieter , but that just be not the case . assembly be very easy , i recall only need to attach the handle with a single screw and it be pretty much ready to go ! i have be a dirt devil loyalist since my dirt devil breeze be still run strong after 5 year before replace it with a new one , but bissell have definitely impressed i with this one ...
764	Vacuum	POS	5	works great ! clean up after my pet wonderfully ! it be amazingly easy to put together and use , i be very satisfy with my bissell !
619	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this vacuum because i be on a tight budget and still desperate for a reliable vacuum that would actually suck things up . the first time i use it , i be euphoric ! i could see the dirt jump around on the carpet while the vacuum be still a foot away , the suction be that strong . i be not as crazy about it on hardwood floor , but i do love the attachment . the rotate upholstery brush be great . the best part about use this vacuum be the fact that it do not spew dust back into the air . i have very bad allergy , and i could not use my old vacuum ; my husband have to use it when i be not in the house for a few hour . but with this machine , i vacuum the whole house and then realize i have not even sneeze once . awesome . i would still like to get a oreck someday when i can afford it , but for now this little number will do the trick .
881	Vacuum	POS	5	this thing be so handy , especially since i recently move and have little thing to clean up here and there . i find myself reach for this far more than my big vacuum and it get the job do . i clean my a\/c vent , clean the stair , spot clean the carpet when my little one make a mess . i clean the car with this and i must say that be the first time this give i trouble . i have crumble bit of leaf in my trunk and on the floor of my car but it be not pick it up . i use the attachment with the brush at the end thinking that be most appropriate but apparently not . i decide to use the pet hair removal attachment instead -lrb- since i have never use it before -rrb- and that do the trick ! all the leaf , every little bit , be go ! the only thing i would improve be the battery charge light . perhaps make it change color when it be do charge ? i see other complain that it lose its charge too soon but i do not have that issue . i do my whole car -lrb- trunk , floor and seat -rrb- all without need a recharge and suction power be fine the whole time . i have have this for one month however so maybe as time progress it 'll lose more power . i 'll update my review if this be the case . edit 8\/7\/2011 - i have have this for a year and a half and it still work great , have not lose any suction . we use this often , more than i think we would , and it keep chug along .
381	Vacuum	POS	4	at first i be a little disappointed in this ; it run out of charge about 15 minute after 21 hour of pre-charging as recommend by b&d; . however , after about 5 use it do seem to last longer -- about 20-22 minute for i . it be design to : 1 -rrb- be keep in a kitchen for flour , sugar , oatmeal , cereal , and other spill that can be easily pick up 2 -rrb- clean up spill cat litter that you spill ; litter that you cat kick out of the pan when do he thing ... 3 -rrb- sit next to tool bench or woodworking area where moderate mess be a sure thing 4 -rrb- pick up pet hair from the place you know you pet like to sleep\/lay in -- go there vacuum the place , return it to the charger . i would give it 5 star if it have be design to also use a electrical cord like my weed-eater unit by b&d; -- then it would be the best of both world . bottom line : everyone would like a small and lightweight vac that last for 1-2 hour per charge , that we can carry around the house to replace the armored-tank that we have to drag around ... this ai not it folk ... works great for what it be design to do ; do not work great for what it be not design to do ...
655	Vacuum	POS	5	i researce a lot of vacuum before decide on this one . i can agree that it be a little heavy and loud but it do a excellent job do what it be suppose to do and that be pick up ! the best vacuum by far from any i have ever own or use . i have a 10 month old that love to look for anything on the floor to put in he mouth and i do not have to worry that he will be successful after use this ! highly recommend and i would buy again !
117	Vacuum	POS	5	just get it and totally impressed with the power and they variety of attachment . it also have a nice long cord which be very handy .
987	Vacuum	POS	5	this product be a wonderful solution to the problem i have before . i be on a business visit to the us and be skepticle of buy any electronic stuff for the very fact that the power rating of india and us be different . i make a very conscious decision of buy this product as it get plug into the car charger socket . once i come back to india , once i start use this product , i couldnt stop myself from say ` wow ' ! . i then realize what a important and a amazing equipment i have gifted myself with . sucktion power be super . the areas\/corners of the car which the vac can access to get rid of the dust be phenominal . i have not use any of its attachment coz ' i never want to . the default one be more than enough for the basic cleaning or for my purpose . or i should say , i have use one one attachment i.e. brush one , to scrap off the mud one the carpet . also , its not at all complecate to get rid of the collect dust . just a button press and the lid open to pore off the collect dust . i recommend this product for its compactness , sucktion power , length of the cord and its ease of usage . please dont worry about the price . its less only . but every penny be worth spending on this little genius . well do ` black and decor ' ... !
689	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a very small vacuum cleaner but it have very good suction and power plus a very long cord . it be light enough to carry upstairs . i have a small hoover vacuum year ago but when it die , i have a hard time find a powerful little vacuum . this one fit the bill . i be very pleased with my purchase . highly recommend this vacuum .
577	Vacuum	POS	5	just purchase the eureka boss smart upright , base on a review in consumer reports -lrb- a `` cr best '' -rrb- . this vacuum have unbelievable suction !!! it pick up item my expensive kirby miss and great on hardwood\/tile floor ! the attachment be easily accessible , too . you will not be dissappoint with you purchase .
248	Vacuum	POS	4	great vacuum for you car . only problem with it be the dirt canister fill up fast . you will have to empty it numerous time while use it . i use it with the  shop vac micro-cleaning -lrb- misc .
8	Vacuum	POS	5	very powerful and really get up the dust\/litter . i like the control . have only have it a very short time , but so far all be positive .
270	Vacuum	POS	4	my husband love this for he limo . it work great and he really like that it include a nifty carry case .
949	Vacuum	POS	5	product arrive timely and be just as describe . we have have it for a while now and love it . it be so much better than the one we have . we throw we old one away ! it have great suction , cord be a good length and we use all the attachment . do not know if it say it or not , but it also come with a great storage bag . would highly recommend product and seller .
760	Vacuum	POS	5	i be expect it to be kind of worthless . but at worst i know the swiffer pad would sweep like the mint but a lot cheaper because this one do not have that fancy navigation . on we hard wood floor it suck up dust , sand -lrb- volleyball court : -rrb- -rrb- , and cat hair efficiently -lrb- but skip the cat toy and ribbon -rrb- . in we 1250 sq. foot apartment it travel everywhere , get the little bit of cat litter outside the litterbox , and the dust bunny from under the chair and couch . definitely worth $ 44 . do not compare it to a $ 600 roomba . i be a computer engineer , and i can not wait to add all of the high price feature to this one on the cheap ! if all go well i 'll write a blog and how-to about it ! i plan on replace the mcu\/software with open source code , give it a charge base station and scheduler , extend the run time , speed up charge time .
932	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this vacuum . it be light and comfortable . the suction be strong and work well on all surface . the head maneuver easily . the rear , off the floor exhaust keep dust from blow around . the see-thru lid be great and bag be easy to change . this thing pick up dog hair cling to rug . we use it in the house and for the car . ok , the long cord , with no storage be not great , but i do not care . if the cord be more `` limp '' it would be easier to coil .
871	Vacuum	POS	5	a terrific little appliance ! have a lot of power for its small size and be easy to use and empty !
438	Vacuum	POS	4	this little vaccum cleaner be great it pick up everything on my floor mat ... very long cord and no recharge worry .
352	Vacuum	POS	5	well after half a dozen use i can definitely say this be the best perform vacuum we have ever own . the price be right and the thing pick up everything in sight . it be heavier than most other vacuum , but if the brush be set to the appropriate height , vacuum really be not that difficult , it virtually glide along . vacuum we have have in the past have struggle to pick up dog hair from upholstery , not the eureka 4870mz boss . i spend a long time research vacuum and i be glad i do , for the money you will not find a better vacuum anywhere .
985	Vacuum	POS	5	we have just purchase we second hoover windtunnel self propel vacuum . we then have new carpet install about a week later . the self propel feature of the hoover would not work on the thicker higher pile shag carpet and it be very hard work to push and pull the vacuum across the carpet . we return the hoover and try the oreck upright , think the lighter weight would make it easier . same problem . very difficult to manuever . enter the carpet pro cpu 2t . i buy it after read these positive review , especially the one state it work well on they shag carpet . the carpet pro perform beautifully . it almost feel like it be self propel . it move over the carpet easily and clean very well . we be very happy with we purchase and recommend it highly .
586	Vacuum	POS	4	great vac for the price and power . could use a none strechable hose and better wasy of attach the cord . have a funny burnt smell when in use !
467	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum have great suction and i love that all of the attachment have a place on board make it easy to switch out tool for multiple surface . while it be heavy and not make of the highest quality plastic , it work much better than my previous vacuum that cost twice as much . for i , it could have a longer hose and longer cord , but for the price it work well .
145	Vacuum	POS	4	to keep my floor food free -lrb- no crumb for the mouse -rrb- i use this stick vac -lrb- psv1800 -rrb- . its great for small job do between my weekly vacuuming . where do i use it ? on carpeting , hard floor and furniture . at first it be great on all surface , but after a few month its do better on carpeting than hard floor . i try to vacuum my small car with it , but its length make that awkward . although it fold , the fold be in the wrong direction to make it short enough to use in the car . << edit nov 2009 i take it apart recently when it stop pick up altogether . i find that the filter be completely clog . after i clean off the dust -lrb- the filter be re-usable -rrb- it work a good as new ! so i recommend clean the filter every couple of month . >> i use it mostly in the kitchen , dining room and living room . i also use it in my entry way too to prevent dirt from be track all over the house . how 's the battery life ? supposedly it will last 20 minute . but i have not run it for more than 5 minute at a stretch , so the battery have not die on i yet . be it easy to use ? yes , just unfold it and hit the on switch . however , it do require a little strength . it weigh only 5 pound , but concentrate along a stick that could feel heavy . its a little lighter than a gallon of milk -lrb- 8 pound -rrb- . empty the dust , crumb and dirt be a cinch . its bagless , so you open a compartment and everything will fall out . i have not have to reach in and scrape out dust yet . con the price keep this vacuum from earn 5 star . i do not think its worth $ 100 .
184	Vacuum	POS	5	outstanding design , craftsmanship , feature , easy to clean , and attractive to boot . i be stroll through walmart one day and see this , i need a small vacuum for my shop , and this look like it would fit the bill so i take a chance . it be very powerful , and the flexible hose and attachment let you get in place a conventional portable will not . i love this thing , it be like they shrink down a full size vacuum without lose anything ! i just buy a second one on amazon.com for a friend who love to keep he car clean , this will be a godsend to he . i might add that i get a better price on amazon than walmart too . so far , i have no suggestion for improvement .
651	Vacuum	POS	5	you can not find this bag in any of the store in we area . they appear to be the genuine article .
464	Vacuum	POS	5	i have try many car vac . this one be far superior to any of they . the design allow you to reach tiny corner and space . it have plenty of power to most job .
19	Vacuum	POS	5	it be a bit heavy and you can bump into thing forget its mass . but after a short learning period it really do the job and worth the price
9	Vacuum	POS	5	these bag fit nicely into the miele canister . there be no plastic use , only cardboard , and the inventive `` enviro-closure '' be awesome at prevent dirt spilling out on bag change .
77	Vacuum	POS	5	i have only have this vacuum for about a month . it have great suction and a power tool that really work well . i opt for this model because of the bagged feature and the hand hold power tool -lrb- replace a bissel bagless with a worthless handheld power tool -rrb- . have be happy with eureka vac in the past ; time will tell whether this one will hold up and live up to my expectation .
966	Vacuum	POS	4	the black and decker car vacuum work well , pick up piece of grass and small pebble . it get under the front seat well . the only problem i notice be clean the carpet evenly when there be no particle to pick up .
690	Vacuum	POS	5	pricey . but worth it ! best vacuum i have ever own . quiet . great for clean both wood and carpet floor , furniture , curtain . easy to handle . it be pick up ton of cat hair and debris my other well-rated vacuum be miss . i love it !
984	Vacuum	POS	4	we have two of these for clean chalk dust from classroom av equipment . they have a lot of suction and do the job well . at eight pound they be a bit of a load to carry but we need the power to get chalk out of monitor and computer . we try the adapter and paper bag think the chalk dust would go right through the cloth bag . still do not know if it be worth the trouble , the paper bag adapter be hard to find and the paper bag come off inside the vacuum once . we may go back to the cloth bag . all in all we think it clean well and seem solidly make , like it will last .
411	Vacuum	POS	5	have my miele for one year now and i be totally satisfy . it have work without a hitch since the day i take it out of the box . be the replacement of my former vertical hoover , which have a strong suction power and be easy to use on floor , but be a pain to use for any other purpose . it be so poorly design that it be useless for anything else but floor vacuum cleaning -lrb- and let i add a word about the poor plastic quality , that break almost everytime i hit something -rrb- . got my miele with the seb 217-3 direct connect powerbrush . very light and maneuverable powerbrush that have excellent suction power . i use it for carpet as well as tile . what i like the most about this device be that it do not scatter the dust -lrb- like the cat litter on the floor -rrb- everywhere , as the powerbrush of my hoover do . now , i get no more litter speck on my foot when i clean the cat litter area . as other say , the vacuum cleaner itself be light , very maneuverable -lrb- three 360 ' rotate wheel -rrb- and so quiet compare to my hoover and yet , the suction power of the miele be as good as the hoover . thanks to the hepa filter , the air that come out of the miele be much , much cleaner than my hoover . dustbag be easy to change , the accessory compartment be easy to reach and the compartment lid stay close when you clean -lrb- which be not the case on my hoover ! -rrb- . the powercord unwind and rewind mechanism feel so strong that it seem almost unbreakable . finally , the storage of the vacuum cleaner be make easy with three point holder -lrb- one on each side and one on the back -rrb- . easy to store the vacuum cleaner vertically or horizontally . on the con side : - user guide be generic rather than model specific . follow instruction can become sometimes tricky . for example , the dust brush can be use at a angle or upright -lrb- because it rotate -rrb- . this feature of the brush be write nowhere in the guide . unless you find it by yourself , you will not know . - for the price it sell , there be no power on\/off switch for the vacuum cleaner on the handle . there be only one for the powerbrush . that should be a must have feature for the money miele ask . - the telescopic wand release button be on the detachable piece . feel counterintuitive since the first day i get the vacuum cleaner and it still do a year later . - finally , the airflow indicator can be use only with a floor tool attachment to show if the dustbag must be change . final word after a year , my miele s5281 feel like a solidly-built and lasting vacuum cleaner . it do a excellent job at vacuum cleaning carpet , tile , furniture , etc. , and it do it with a ease of use and with a unmatched quietness . despite the heavy price at the date of buying , if it last 20 to 25 year as i expect it to last , then it will not have be a expensive purchase after all .
676	Vacuum	POS	4	i just recently purchase this vacuum and i be very pleased with it . it be powerful and pick up alot of dust .
710	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum have a lot of power for a cordless stick vacuum , be easy to clean and be always there fully charge when i need it . i have never use a cordless stick vacuum before but the usefulness and versatility be great . this unit in particular be also easily adjust to go under thing . i find myself willing to clean my floor more promptly due to the convenience as compare to have to use a cord vacuum . it be worth note though , that it work better for hard surface -lrb- vinyl , ceramic , hardwood , etc. -rrb- than for carpet . as far as power , the battery technology in this unit be amazing as it have good suction and a beater bar that you can optionally turn on . also , the charge last quite a while , probably 10 or 15 minute , before you start to notice some loss . but that be a long time when you be just use the unit for quick clean up here and there and then put it back on the charger . excellent product .
769	Vacuum	POS	5	plenty of suction , nice long cord , for quick pick up . not the best for deep cleaning rug , but for the price , a good value .
852	Vacuum	POS	5	i have two dog and lot of pet hair this vac pick up the hair with no problem .
754	Vacuum	POS	5	very well design to unfold for stair and under furniture , as well as straight for floor . powerful suction . handy recharge stand -- fold vacuum stand upright . recommend by consumer report .
53	Vacuum	POS	5	i recently purchase this vacuum to take with i on vacation . i be look for a small vacuum with a hose that be either cordless or rechargeable and affordable . it be even smaller than i expect , which make pack it very easy . it also work well with the space-bag we use for we clothes and bedding . i be very pleased and would certainly recommend this vacuum .
626	Vacuum	POS	4	heavier than i expect and feel a little blockish to move around at first , but very nicely lowers\/rolls down step . love the attachment - especially the power paw with the brush inside . works very well for the stair . great suction . take a little bit to get use to the setting . price be great . reliable manufacturer .
447	Vacuum	POS	5	these be much cheaper than miele and seem to work just as well . they look kind of cheap , but i do not notice any smell when vacuum so i assume it work well .
836	Vacuum	POS	5	i research for several month before make this purchase and i be very happy with this vacuum . clean exceptionally well and the power paw be great for pick up cat hair . the hepa system actually work because i do not sneeze at all while vacuum and i have chronic allergy . -lrb- it make i realize how poorly my hoover upright work . and it be only 2 1\/2 year old . -rrb- yes , it be a little heavy , but every vacuum that have strong suction be . i guess it be because of the large amp motor . if you have pet , you will not be dissapoint . the only thing i wish it have be a automatic cord rewind . but for the price , i have no problem live without it . my last eureka last i 10 year , and when i finally get rid of it , it be because it be so beat-up , but it still work great . not the case with my 2 1\/2 year old hoover . this unit be a great deal for the money .
41	Vacuum	POS	4	i do not often return to review purchase , but i do want to for this , because i do so much research myself . i think this model be exceptional for the class of vacuum that it represent . recently we household have migrate from a traditional push-vacuum to the combination of a roomba and a handheld for corner dust bunny and misc . accumulation . it be a great evolution , my wife and i agree and the good old cannister vac that use to rule the roost be now , itself , collect dust in the closet . the point here be that the roomba create a new need for we ; a need for a capable , powerful `` touch-up vacuum , '' and i think the flex have get the position cover . people complain about the short battery life , and it be a legitimate complaint -- but realize that use this thing for much beyond `` touch-up '' be like use a weed trimmer to mow you entire yard -- it be miss the point . so , yeah , i wish the battery life be longer , but it be really not a problem , especially if you learn to switch the flex off as you roam from spot to spot . -lrb- see extended comment about this at the end of my review -rrb- the suction power be excellent , the noise level be fine -lrb- it be , after all , a vacuum -- so no it be not silent -rrb- . the dirt trap be a tad bit wonky , but i can live with it . -lrb- we have a lot of pet hair and it tend to get ball up in the dirt container , need to be pull out in a massive clump with two finder -rrb- where the flex really win be with its wrap-around , uncoiling hose , a feature that i do not see on any of the competition . this feature rule the day , make the flex basically a powerful miniature version of a full-size vacuum . and i tend to use it this very way -- with the motor\/base in one hand and the hose\/attachment head in the other hand , reach here and there , up and down , for rogue dust bunny . add to that the collection of attachment , and it be the current winner that i know of . one thing -lrb- besides battery life -rrb- that i would like to see change : dyson be market a compete product -- the dc16 -- that have a power `` trigger '' instead of a switch . that concept , i think , be key to understand this new class of product . a power `` trigger '' would help conserve that precious battery life and that would be nice . -lrb- overall , though , i decide the flex beat the dyson hands-down , and i still hold that opinion , largely because of the rationale of the hose , -lrb- and a longer battery life , apparently -rrb- -rrb- in short , what some might call a portable or hand-held vacuum , i would call a `` miniature vacuum . '' and that be exactly what i be look for . update 10\/26\/2010 : i want to add a quick note that i be become somewhat increasingly anxious over the seemingly shorter-and-shorter battery life of the unit . be it just i ? i may do a test where i just turn it on and let it run down . i love everything else about the vac , but one need to be judicious and mindful of the short battery life . the biggest downside seem to be the long recharge time . basically overnight . i wish they would at least offer some sort of battery-replacement program . so far , i have find none .
239	Vacuum	POS	4	i have just a few small rug and some step and i love this little vacuum cleaner . it be quite powerful and easy to use . its not that much fun to clean out the filter but if you do it outside its no big deal . easy to store . i recommend it for small job . oh , and i have a long haired cat who shed as much as 5 cat and this work really well !
470	Vacuum	POS	5	mom need a lightweight vac to use on stair . i be leary of purchase a cordless vac , think battery would not last long enough . well , mom just love it . it be light enough and the charge last even longer than need to completely vacuum the staircase . also , the suction be good .
722	Vacuum	POS	4	when you get down to it , despite all of the marketing hype a vacuum need to do two thing well . it need to have great suction to pull up dirt and , depend upon you need , must have the flexibility to deliver that suction conveniently and consistently . this hoover , if the form and function fit you need , deliver on both count ! we own a dyson upright for most thing and love it . but as easy as the dyson be to get around , it , like all upright , be not the thing to reach under bed or low furniture . the dyson have the flexibility to pull out its handle and configure it to do some of this with a bit of work , but for some thing it be inconvenient , at best . -lrb- again , this be not a knock on the dyson , but a reality of upright . -rrb- we really do not want another ` regular ' vacuum like a canister , so after research thing we settle on the hoover portapower unit to give it a try . what be the verdict ? highly recommend , as long as you understand that it be not a canister on wheel or a upright ! if what you need be something that be relatively lightweight and very easy to move where it be need , can reach under the furthest reach of you furniture , include bed or cabinet , and can suck with the best of they , this unit deliver . also , the build quality be far above most product that it might compete with . it really feel solidly build , all the way down to the heavy duty and long power cord . some have comment on the hose , but we have have no issue with any attachment or with the quality of the overall unit . the only reason that i give it 4 star instead of 5 be that the cord be not retractable , which would be nice . but have live with this for more than a year now , that be a easy trade-off to make for this level of product quality !
594	Vacuum	POS	5	i be look for a new vacuum cleaner and after read the review for the dison i be afraid to purchase a product that be more talk than performance . the s7210 be comparable in price to the dison but have very few bad review . one that i notice be not be able to find vacuum bag for it . amazon sell they all day so that be not really a problem . the s7 be extremely powerful and extremely quiet . it move and turn easily and the control be all located and design to make operate it easy . we have a bagless vacumm cleaner before this and we still have to change certain filter and deal with the container of waste be always messy and seem to leave you in a cloud of dust . this be why we decide to go back to bag . i highly recommend this vacuum cleaner . my advice be to get hardwood floor but if you must have carpet then it be better to buy one vacuum cleaner that will do the job correctly and last a long time . \*\* warning \*\* this be a powerful vacuum cleaner design for carpet not area rug . if you have some small area rug this maybe too much vacuum cleaner for you . ps . the wand be also excellent at remove dust from you heat register .
202	Vacuum	POS	5	i get mine at big lots dept store . i pay $ 99.00 , and it be refurbish . this come with a full warranty . i have have it now for about 2 month . its a very basic no frill add vac . do a great job . now if i could just teach my cat to run it , i would have it make in the shade .
508	Vacuum	POS	5	we have a oreck xl for many year but it finally need to be replace in 2006 . we order a new one from the company but it disappointed and we move on to other brand , none of which perform to the original oreck standard . we decide to take another chance on this commercial model and it be fabulous . whatever issue might have happen to quality in the past be over and this model perform superbly . it be like get a old friend back ! you can not beat the lightness and mobility of the oreck xl . this commercial model come with a very long and very heavy duty cord that everyone will appreciate . super easy assembly . some might be put off by the plastic handle and housing but remember these contribute to the beauty of its lightness and portability . we have no hesitation at all in recommend this . the price point can not be beat and the shipping be lightning fast in just two day . good job oreck and amazon !
230	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this vacum about a year ago now and i have to it be truly a great buy ! its a little heavy but other than that consumer report be dead on with it review and high recomedation .
624	Vacuum	POS	5	i love use these bag with in my hoover vaccum cleaner . i have always prefer vaccum cleaner that require the vaccum bag . these be thick and good at retain the dirt and dust .
910	Vacuum	POS	5	i have a large office full of miscellaneous pet , include finch , house bunny , rat and degus . i need something that would be practical and portable , yet have plenty of power for both quick tidy-up and heavy habitat cleaning . i be look for the most power combine with the smallest size , and i find exactly what i need . this little vac have not let i down in 3 month of heavy use . i have it out at least once , if not several time a day . occasionally the hose will clog , -lrb- hay be a tough one -rrb- , but i be really challenge it , and if i take the time to pick up the larger stuff before i start , i rarely have a problem . the cord be plenty long enough to do all from one outlet . it be also a snap to take down the stair and out to do the car , and could not be easier to empty . i be use bag at the beginning and have a hard time find they - shop vac part # 90668 , type b work perfectly and cost around $ 6 for three . only two con i can think of , and neither be much of a problem for i - for one , it be very loud . my critter quickly get use to it , though - even the little bird . when i be clean inside the aviary , they just go down to the other end . bunny and rodent have no problem at all . the other - the crevice tool could be shape better . it have a brush attachment that swivel out on the end of the tool that kind of get in the way and make it too wide for most tight space - i could make better use of a narrow crevice tool and forgo the brush business . i would definitely recommend this vac to anyone who keep any kind of pet in the house - it make clean up a breeze .
264	Vacuum	POS	4	we buy this vac because it be a hepa vac for a incredible price . the thing have great suction and the bagless design make i feel like i be waste less and be less hassle by the whole bag removal and disposal process . it go together in about a minute , and it clean we carpet more deeply than they have ever be clean . its a very good machine , especially give the price . really , i give it 4 and a 1\/2 star because it be a great performer but the hepa filter be not washable and that be not make clear by the advertising for the vac . all in all , though , i be very happy with it .
457	Vacuum	POS	5	i have find that on this vacuum if you step on the release pedal and step downward and outwards it release easier ... and that it the only bad thing i have to say about this five star vacuum .
821	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy the s7210 to replace my miele cannister vac . we move to a home with a mix of hardwood , pile and berber carpet . my beloved miele cannister be just not quite up for the job . i be on my way to buy a dyson , when i happen into a local vac n sew store . i be amaze that i could buy a brand new miele upright with all the feature i truly want for less than a dyson . it be a do deal . i have not regret this purchase for one second ! i honestly have no complaint about this miele upright . i have persian rug on top of berber and i can quickly switch the miele to less suction and clean the persian rug , then increase it back up for the berber . it be effortless . in a single `` vacuum session '' , i clean all the rug , the baseboard , horizontal blind , hardwood floor , furniture , window sill and electronics , not to mention stair and corner of room -lrb- no cob web be safe from my miele ! -rrb- i save so much time and my house be cleaner than it have ever be . do not get i wrong , i love my cannister , but this upright do everything i need it to do perfectly everytime . it be literally the bmw of vacuum cleaner . my 7 year old cannister be sell to a young family for $ 150 . this vac will hold some actual resale value compare to most other vac . something to consider if you want to upgrade to a different model miele .
911	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy the previous 4870 model -lrb- in blue -rrb- about a year ago . unless they fix the follow issue , i would recommend do a little more research before buy this model . everything be fine until wife and i start notice the attachment end of hose start to have a tear along the first and second spring crease on hose end . fix by duct tape it far up the hose to prevent more tear , but now wife want another vacuum . i be ok with it as long as it work . the other complaint be that the small t-attachment that go above the cord storage area keep fall off and very difficult to snap in place .
553	Vacuum	POS	5	clean house be what i do and i do that with orecks . i have four and this one be the best !
221	Vacuum	POS	4	when my eureka maxima go up in smoke one day , i decide to try a comparably-priced and weighting replacement of a different brand . review suggest this might be the right one . one thing i like be that , unlike nearly all eureka model , the exhaust air come out the side rather than blow thing around in front of you path . it be very easy to assemble , with one screw secure the upper to the lower portion , then put the accessory in place . it be not quite as easy to push around my thick carpet as my maxima , which actually pull itself along with its brush roller , but be easy to push on my thin carpet . it appear to pick up about the same amount of dust as my maxima , perhaps with more trip , as it be not quite as wide . the main dust cup be not nearly as large as the huge one on the maxima . this be not a problem for i , as i only have a small area to cover . however , this may be a problem if you have a huge area to cover , heavy traffic and vacuum it infrequently . unlike the single large washable hepa filter on the maxima , which also serve as a baffle , you have a small terminal nonwashable hepa filter , after the air flow go through a washable fluted filter surround by a foam rubber filter . the latter normally catch nearly all the fine dust not deposit in the dust bin above , hence be often the only filter require cleaning . to avoid make a mess in the house and sink , i take the vacuum to the porch or patio at cleaning time , dump the dust in a small plastic bag and submerge the 2 plastic dust bin in a large bucket , lightly brushing they side . often , i do not bother wash the fluted filter . however , often i brush the submerge detachable `` helix '' above the dust bin , which serve as a baffle . repeat with a rinse bucket . make sure to squeeze all the dust out of the foam filter ; otherwise dust from the inside will migrate upward during dry and form a impenetrable crust . during dry , i squeeze the foam filter hard to make sure the inner part be dry . i wipe up any dust that have fall from the top and side of the inner chamber with a damp paper or cloth and similarly wipe off any still adhering dust on the bin . finally , if necessary , i clean the tiny pre-motor filter below the 2 main pre-motor filter , which catch fall dust after the 2 bin be remove .
289	Vacuum	POS	5	my husband and i have be in the market for a new vaccuum for quite a while now . we buy a rinky-dink dirt devil for $ 20 when we move into we first apartment together and for 700sf , it do the trick . two kid , two cat and about 300sf more , we definitely need a vacuum that would be reasonably price but work a little bit harder . we definitely hum and haw over this vacuum after look at similar brand and model at the same price point . we decide to try it out since it could not possibly be worse than the one we have and needless to say i be already very pleased with it . i try it out on a little strip of carpeting and the amount of dirt it pick up be amazing . i probably would not suggest this vacuum for a house but it definitely fit the bill for a apartment . its a little noisier than we other vacuum -lrb- its get 2 amp more -rrb- but i would not expect it to be much quieter at its price point . all in all , a great deal for anyone look for a resonably price vacuum .
678	Vacuum	POS	4	so far , so good . i be tire of spend a lot on vaccuum that do not pick up the dog hair -lrb- or much else -rrb- . i buy this base on consumer report review and have not be disappoint . it pick up the pet hair , and be a great price . it be a little heavy to push around , but nothing like the kirby i use to own , and do not hinder i from use it . i do not know how long it will last , but for the price , i could afford to replace it with another frequently . it do the job .
801	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this vacuum ! it have great suction power and the attachment be very useful . a great price since we be expect to pay over $ 100 for a new vacuum , this be a deal ! my husband do not like have to clean the canister , so that be the only downside . he be not use to clean a bagless vacuum . i would recommend this product as a great buy .
701	Vacuum	POS	5	you get alot of vacuum with the eureka boss , for half of what you would pay on other .
95	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the second one of these that i have own and the only vacuum i use . it be great . handy , tough , powerful , easy to store , and a good value for the money . the other thing i like about this vacuum be that it be fairly quiet . many small vacuum have a loud high-pitched sound that be very annoying . the only drawback be that this vacuum be now sell with a short hose only , and hoover do not offer a long one . the short hose be a pain - literally . but i find a e-bay store that sell a hose that fit this vacuum and be plenty long enough - about 6 foot . find it here : -lrb- ... -rrb- i also buy the carry cover and it be very useful for do stair , and have a side pouch to stick the tool and a extra extension cord in . my first vacuum like this be give to i use - very use , and i use it for another decade . stupidly , i give it away . i have have this one for over a year and i be very happy with it .
499	Vacuum	POS	5	we have three kid , and a lot of mess with those three kid . for some reason , vacuum do not last long in we house , maybe b\/c we use they a lot ! i be sick of all these fancy vacuum boast all these plastic part , a bunch of filter , a bunch of attachment , etc. . i just want a vacuum that suck up cheerio with out breaking ! i be sure some of those info commercial vacuum work for people , but they have a lot of part which mean a lot of thing that can and will break . so when we start to look for a new vacuum , my husband suggest a good quality commercial vacuum . we look all over and keep skip this one , b\/c we never hear of the brand . then finally we check out this bumblebee vacuum and think we would give it a try . we like that it have just a few extra on it and that it look solid . the bag for the vacuum be cheap , easy to change . i be use to have a cup to pour out into my garbage , but now i dont have to change something every time i vacuum , like the bagless vac . this vacuum be wonderful ! it work , it do not have a million extra that will break , and it suck up cheerio with ease . if you have need a new vacuum for the home , and you feel you have to get the coolest , newest thing that you can brag about to all of you friend , keep out to show it off , this one probably isnt for you . it actually be very yellow , and do not have anything fancy on it . but if you want something practical , something that work well and will last you , this vacuum be for you . i do get this from amazon . it come quick .
212	Vacuum	POS	5	i purchase this vacuum for use in a restaurant and office environment . i be extremely pleased with the quality of this product , and have already purchase another for use at my home . the vacuum be lightweight , compact , and easy to carry with the include shoulder strap . it carry like a purse or messenger bag . the hose be sturdy flexible plastic and metal . it have a variety of useful attachment . the hose and attachment click together very securely , and appear to be very airtight . the vacuum have excellent suction which do not diminish as the bag fill . the dirt bag can be easily empty , and it washable and reusable . the vacuum can also be use as a blower to blast dust out of hard-to-reach corner . my only -lrb- minor -rrb- complaint be that the should strap could use some padding . the only time it bother i , though , be when i be vacuum for more more than thirty minute or so . i highly recommend this vacuum for commercial or residential use .
406	Vacuum	POS	4	i be not impress when i start to assemble the vacuum , it seem a little flimsy , light plastic cover and the filter fall out at first . i be more impressed with the power and suction once i assemble and use it . this be a nice vacuum and do a good job cleaning . i have not use the attachment yet . i would buy this product again , it do the job and the price be very good . i have a commercial type hoover prior to this purchase , i be use to good cleaning from a vacuum , this do not disappoint .
298	Vacuum	POS	5	receive the hoover on time . price be very fair . the vacuum have work perfectly since it arrive . we use it for stair and hardword floor and dust . also useful for we car . it take a little get use to use since it have no wheel and you carry it . however it be light weight make the carry very easy . you can get to almost anywhere you need to because of the extra long cord . the cord length be a real plus . the vacuum be strong and the attachment work very well . the portapower be well make and use good attachment . i would purchase the vacuum again .
87	Vacuum	POS	5	i have get generic vac bag before and they be just paper . fine . i be not that particular and the miele bag be so expensive . i order these figure they be just paper but they be the `` cloth '' type just like the oem . very pleased .
507	Vacuum	POS	5	the vac be fine , seem to do a great job . i be somewhat impaired when it come to anything mechanical - like put the vac together . it only involve three screw , but i could not even figure out where they be to go . i be on the verge of take it someplace for help , when i actually figure it out .
358	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum work good , reach even back to the trunk -lrb- corolla -rrb- and get in the tight spot that the pay car vacuum place can not .
830	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum cleaner perform exactly as i expect . i set the roomba to run every day while i be at work and it sweep up everything and then return to it be charge base . the roomba will never take the place of a standard vacuum cleaner that do a much deeper cleaning but now i only need to clean once a week . if you have pet like i do , you will need to empty the collection bin every day . but this be still faster than a regular vacuum cleaning every day .
728	Vacuum	POS	5	we research a lot of vacuum and find that this one be the best value for the price . with cheap , bagged vacuum you always have to replace the bag , and they fill up really fast . just a waste . we look at rainbow vacuum and sure it use cool technology to remove absolutely every spec of dust , but they cost a fortune . this vacuum have several filter that you have to clean every now and then , but it operate very simply and do not lose it be suction power . we have have ours for 2 or 3 year now and we love it !
905	Vacuum	POS	5	before this we have a old bissel from 2002 that be ready to go . we win this brand new one in a contest . all you have to do to put it together be put in one screw and snap on the hose ! it have four easy to use tool . one be the slim tool for tight place that a big hose can not get to . another be the hose extension for extra height . the third be a double side dust tool for couch and anywhere else that have dust . the coolest one be the turbo brush for couch . it be like a mini vacuum for couch ! flkb2 's thought on it be `` great suction , useful tools , and i like the hepa media filter for allergy . ''
272	Vacuum	POS	5	have own this vacuum for about two year now and have be very happy with its ability to remove pet hair from carpeting and upholstery . it also have a very easy option of switching from regular vacuum to hose . i agree with other review that it be a heavy vacuum , but it be not a impossible size to carry up and down stair . i be a 50 year old female , 5 foot tall and 140 lb , and i be able to move it from floor to floor with a small amount of effort . the only negative i have see be that once the hose attachment -lrb- permanently on the vaccum -rrb- stretch a bit , it sometimes slip off the plastic holder and drag along the floor during use . despite even that , i highly recommend this product .
199	Vacuum	POS	4	so i go online to the review on vacuum cleaner and this be at the top of the list , so i continue on my mission reading and research machine and all good thing regard this machine . so i purchase it and it come really quickly through amazon . easy to assemble and the suction be incredible when you turn the machine on it just want to go , it be alittle heavy but not as heavy as my dirtdevil . i be very pleased with my purchase but some review be correct my machine be miss the power paw clip so i can not put my power paw on the machine , its just lay around the house , and the step pedal to recline the vacuum be quite hard to release so i be sure that will break before the vacuum . but other wise the price be great for this machine and i can not brag more about the suction ! wow .
892	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this because of back problem , it be so easy and convenient to use . glad i make the purchase .
672	Vacuum	POS	5	i use this everyday because i live in a dust\/desert area and have 2 big dog . i have have this product for over a year and be very happy . the attachment for dog hair work great . this be not mean to clean as long as a regular vacuum of course ... but be great to get all the daily dust\/hair quickly and easily . i actually use these attachment on my shop-vac for thorough cleaning .
124	Vacuum	POS	5	for the price , this eureka be excellent . very easy to put together and very easy to use . it clean great and the attachment work great in tough to reach area . this vacume work as well as some cost hundred of dollar more . it be construct well and well worth the price . this be a no brainer - you should get it !
494	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have this vacuum cleaner for almost three year now , and it still run strong and do a great job . i see that other have say it be heavy , but that be not true at all . i be not a very strong lady , but this machine be very easy to use . i love it , love it , love it !
62	Vacuum	POS	4	i have always be satisfy with black and decker product . with the pivoting vac i be more than satisfied .
473	Vacuum	POS	5	i encourage anyone who be have a battery issue to contact customer service , you machine have a two year warranty . now as for the one we purchase , its great . follow the instruction and let it charge at least the time specify , -lrb- i believe that be 21 hour -rrb- and we get 20 minute or better of good vacuum strength before you need to recharge . it have plenty of power for those little clean up job and save you from needee to drag out the full size vac . its really easy to clean and we have have no filter issue as some have say they have have . we be well please with this unit and use it for dust , crumb , cat hair , cat litter , etc. . very glad to have it as a option for keep thing neat and clean : -rrb-
850	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum cleaner be by far the best value in sweeper that i have ever find - and i have have several different brand\/models over the past 50 year . i be so impressed by it that i be go to order a 2nd one for my business .
286	Vacuum	POS	4	this be one fantastic vacuum , i can go over the carpet several time and could not believe the stuff that come up . this be not a expensive vacuum but man oh man it really suck ... ... ... ... in a good way -lrb- ... -rrb-
612	Vacuum	POS	4	purpose of purchase : clean cat litter around cat box , cat hair on chair , occasional spill ; some dust -lrb- ceiling fan , behind tv 's -rrb- . also , we need cordless vac to take out to the parking lot to clean the car . i ask santa for the dyson handheld as a christmas gift because we have a dyson canister vac that we buy back in 2006 that really impress we with how well it work . it remain the best vacuum we have ever own , but it cost a pretty penny - $ 500 at the time . however , it just really blow we away performance-wise , and prove the old adage of get what one pay for . base on that experience , and because we be disgruntle with the performance of we ancient , messy , cord handvac , we decide that dish out the big buck on a dyson hand vac would be the way to go . on christmas morning , i open up the dyson , turn it on and go about clean everything in the living room but be disappoint with the lack of `` wow factor '' : it seem sort of average , and certainly do not live up to my expectation . so , i go onto amazon to do more research , put a lot of think into what i would be use it for ; and decide to pick up and try out the b&d; model before make any hasty decision to return the dyson . have the two unit at home , i test they both over the next two day on my ceiling fan , around the cat box , kitchen drawer , etc. - often simultaneously use they side by side , switch hand frequently so as not to favor one particular vacuum . when do , i empty the contents of each onto a piece of paper to examine the quantity of contents the dust bin . i be shock by how much more debris be in the b&d; and can only surmise that it be due to the inferior physical design of the dyson -lrb- the angle issue - see below -rrb- in re . to how well it make contact with the surface that i would be attempt to clean . also , the b&d; come with a nifty pet hair cleaning attachment , which i use on one half of a cat-hair-covered chair -lrb- use the dyson with it be normal attachment for the other -rrb- and , in general , there be many area in different room that i simply could not reach with the dyson that i could with the b&d; due to its elongate , flexible wand . cost : dyson handheld - $ 176 -lrb- obviously a great bargain -rrb- at best buy ; b&d; flex , $ 56 at walmart . each be price at about half off the original msrp . battery life : much longer on dyson -lrb- about twice as long -rrb- charge time : much faster on dyson -lrb- 3 hour vs. 20 hour -rrb- design : dyson look cooler but functionally , the design of the b&d; model make it more effective at get into tight spot . also , even though the dyson weigh in at only 2.92 lb , and the b&d; weigh about a lb to 1.5 lb more -lrb- i could not find actual weight and when compare spec on amazon\/internet - dyson list actual unit weight and b&d; list ship weight -rrb- due to the angle in which one need to hold the dyson in relation to the object be clean , and the fact that one must always push the `` on '' button on the dyson where it be grip -lrb- a power saving but at time annoying feature -rrb- it be actually much more tire to use the dyson - and i be a total wimp who initially be excite about the lighter weight of the dyson , and almost do not do this experiment after realize that most of the other hand vac out there weigh considerably more than the dyson . performance : due to the difficulty in get the angle right while hold the dyson , even though it obviously have more suction power than the b&d; model , as prove by oh-so scientifically attach to each vac to the palm my hand then try to lift they off the ground via suction power , i find that i be able to clean up more dirt with the b&d; . that really surprised i because , at best , i expect they to clean up about the same amount , but actually go into the experiment assume the dyson would outperform the cheaper model . when try to clean my ceiling fan , the awkward position of the dyson make it so that it offer no benefit over lug out my canister vac . but due to the flexibility of the hose on the b&d; , i be able to clean in all of its nook and cranny . both unit have a two year warranty . my previous experience with dyson 's customer service be excellent -lrb- on my canister vac -rrb- while previous experience with b&d; -lrb- many year ago for a power tool -rrb- be just so-so , maybe a little frustrating if memory serve . i be a little concerned about the poor customer service reviewer have note with black and decker model , but even still , i expect that if anything go wrong with the b&d; , i can get they to honor they warranty , even if it be not a terrific experience . we be return the dyson because , for we particular need , the b&d; work just as well or better , and cost a whopping $ 120 less ! there be just no way to justify that kind of cost discrepancy . so , for all of you out there who wish you could afford the dyson , but actually only have $ 60 , do not feel like you be lose out . there may be some aspect of the dyson that be nicer -lrb- longer battery life , shorter charge time -rrb- but for clean around the cat box and under the car seat , the $ 56 b&d; model more than meet we need . if each of the unit have cost the exact same amount , i would probably give each of they 4 star . however , since money be important to i , dyson get two star for its awkward-to-hold design , and for overprice the unit , while the b&d; get 5 star for be such a bargain in comparison - and , of course , easier to use . as a last thought , if my need be different - i.e. , i need to get out the hand vac several time a day to use for 20 minute or more each time and have a very specific purpose for it , i \* may \* have go with the dyson , especially if pet hair be not a issue .
209	Vacuum	POS	4	i just rec have the vacuum and so far it seem to live up to its billing - both good and bad -lrb- include the negative billing about the difficult bare floor switch -rrb- . i try disengage the beater bar use the switch accord to the instruction in the owner manual , push as hard as i could , then give up and call customer service . i be advise to drop the handle down and try again . i find that if you wedge the handle in the down position against a heavy piece of furniture , get down on you hand and knee with you foot prop against the opposite wall , place a thumb on the switch and you other thumb on top of the first thumb , take a deep breath and then push for all you be worth , it do click into the ` brush off ' position . bottom line - i think the engineer that design this feature should investigate a new profession .
338	Vacuum	POS	5	we have be thrill with the effectiveness of this vacuum cleaner . we use to buy hoover but be disappoint with we last one . this do such a better job .
292	Vacuum	POS	5	in short , this be a excellent vacuum at a very reasonable price . incredible suction , and the hair from my husky be completely go from the floor and couch thanks to the power paw attachment . if you be a pet owner that be serious about clean but do not want to break the bank , this be the vacuum for you . also , inexpensive generic consumable be available for this item , such as bag at around 90 cent each , and hepa filter at $ 10 each . the unit be very easy to maintain and clean out pipe , filter , and change bag . great product , great price , inexpensive consumable , and easy to maintain . of course there be the con : bag sometimes come loose if not install properly the first time . take i a couple of try to fully learn how to install the bag correctly . it can be difficult to close the front door on the unit , sometimes you have to wiggle it around till it click . unit be heavy ! the foot release be difficult to press down on . all in all , a excellent value , and a great perform vacuum .
112	Vacuum	POS	5	we purchase this base on other review and could not be more pleased with the product . it do a excellent job , be easy to use and be very compact . it take up very little space and fit nicely into the trunk of we car , along with other cleaning and emergency supplies .
656	Vacuum	POS	5	we have own so many vacuum that i could not even tell you how many there have be . we go through at least 3 a year . i have own all of the cheap brand , kirby , and i have two of the dreadful dysons . i be hesitant on buy another vacuum that cost so much , since the dysons be such a disaster . a good friend of ours own a vacuum store , and he recommend this vacuum greatly . we do some research and decide to go for it . best decision ever ! we have all sort of floor in we house , and this tackle everything ! it really dig into the carpeting and lift all of the embedded dirt out ! it be also great on rug and bare floor ! the hose be so easy to use , and it come with a fantastic set of attachment ! most of the vacuum we have own come with the world crappiest set of attachment . this one come with everything you need ! the swivel head be much different from we dyson ball , in a good way ! the dyson ball have a lot of tension to it , and hurt you wrist when you turn it , with this , you barely have to move you wrist to make it turn ! it be so easy to go around all of my furniture ! i especially love it for the kitchen and dining room table . you can easily get in and around the chair . when i get this , i decide that i be go to use it on the main floor , use one dyson in the garage , the ball in the basement , and the kirby upstairs . i find myself carry this all over the house and use it instead of the other ! this vacuum seriously blow my 2008 kirby out of the water ! my mom think they kirby from the '90 be the best vacuum out there , then i have she try this and now she be convince my dad to purchase one ! i would definitely recommend this to anyone !
608	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy a eureka vacuum as i have have my previous eureka for 30 year . i have have other -lrb- kenmore -rrb- as well during this period , and they all have problem . thus far , my new one have be terrific . i hope it continue .
995	Vacuum	POS	4	i have several cat in the house , wood floor and linoleum kitchen . the little vacuum work pretty good ... probably not good enough for the price . i would be more impressed if it have a swivel head . it do not blow the lint and hair around , but do actually pick up pretty good . it lack suction to pick up small particle of cat litter , but all in all be not bad . the charge only last about 10 minute , and would be nice if it last just a few minute longer . my square footage be about 1500 foot . i do love the cordless feature and it do fold up nicely to charge ...
329	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the best vaccuum i have ever own ! i have have all kind and this upright with a bag be phenomenal ! upright-good for one 's back . bag vs. canister - cleaner , less dust , no odor ! buy me !
502	Vacuum	POS	5	i have a fairly cramped home office with large furniture and two computer , along with two full surge suppressor and a printer stand . i also have two cat and a fairly severe dust allergy . i need something light , small , maneuverable and powerful enough to get up dust and regular re-application of cat hair among all the cord and equipment . my home be a two-story new build with those annoying outlet that cut the circuit breaker if you plug anything into they that it detect as surge-y , so i be have to run my big upright vacuum cleaner from downstairs off a very long extension cord . big pain . not to mention that the big upright do not go under my desk easily . i can now use this handy little vacuum to keep my office much cleaner . i can easily get around the computer and surge suppressor , which i have up off the floor use wire shoe rack . this vacuum even fit under the printer stand , which be fairly low to the ground . be cordless , it also make vacuum the carpeted stair from the first to second floor a much , much easier job than it use to be . unlike another reviewer , i have have no problem with pet hair gunk up the beater bar . give how much i empty out of it , it seem to pick up cat hair very , very well . first time i vacuum my small office , i swear i get enough pet hair to make a third cat . the vacuum on its charger just sit next to my recycle bin and take up very little floor space .
422	Vacuum	POS	5	we buy this vacuum over a year ago and use it daily . we have have no problem at all with it other than need to replace the belt , which be general maintenance and easy to do . i would purchase this vacuum again
220	Vacuum	POS	5	this be such a easy transaction from selection to comparison to checkout . i love christmas shopping at home in my sweat . piece of cake and super quick shipping . thank you !
324	Vacuum	POS	4	i love this vacuum , however , it be too heavy and bulky for my 2 story house . pro : twist feature be great , easy to unpack and set up , super long cord , great suction , beautiful to look at . con : heavy & bulky . could not vacuum the stair with it at all . do not seem to work very well on ceramic floor -lrb- would not vacuum up the paper clip i sprinkle on the floor -rrb- . best use : one story house with lot of carpet , otherwise consider a miele canister vacuum .
758	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum have great suction and maneuverability . i love the long cord also . only negative i see so far be that it be quite heavy .
901	Vacuum	POS	5	oh my gosh , just love this vacuum ! first of all , it be so neat because when you turn it on the bare floor option , the brush do not spin , so it just suck up all the dirt without throw it all over the place -lrb- hardwood floor -rrb- . love it ! yes it be heavy and a bit bulky but that do not matter , it make we place look amazing once we be do vacuuming . the filtration look awesome , and i love that it be a bagged vacuum .
616	Vacuum	POS	4	i have only have this vacuum about 5 week but so far it do everything i want or expect and do it well . because i have a combination of tile and carpet along with a very large , very hairy dog and a large fuzzy cat , i need a cleaner that do both type of flooring and pick up all the many kind of dirt that come with two such animal . my requirement for a vacuum cleaner be that it be bag no bagless for i , thanks anyway -rrb- , adjust from hard floor to carpet and have strong suction to pick up the pet dirt . this one meet all those requirement . the only quibble i have have with the eureka be lack of information in the `` quick start '' instruction . the machine go together easily and those instruction be clear and precise , then i want to vacuum carpet . the lever on the head of the sweeper that you use to specify either bare floor or carpet would not engage in the carpet position , it keep flip back to bare floor . after envision have to disassemble , pack up , ship back and be totally frustrated with the whole thing , i call eureka customer service . it turn out that the handle have to be in the reclining position for that swith to engage , which be never mention in any of the instruction . i release the handle , move the switch , it engage and i be in business ! now how hard would it have be for eureka to include that one small item in the quick start instruction ? if they think that should be intuitive , they would be wrong , at least in my case . the machine be a bit heavy , as other reviewer have note , but not to the point of be unmanagable ; i lift it over two baby gate that i have install for my very rambunctious dog without problem . additionally , the foot pedal to release the handle be a little stiff but i expect that will relax with use . i have see reviewer compare this vacuum with a brand that sell for nearly 3 time what this do ; if you be spend less than $ 200 , you should not expect the machine to perform the same as one that cost nearly $ 600 . that be say , while i have never own one of those very expensive machine , i can not imagine what they be capable of that this cleaner be not . in any case , this one do everything i need and do it well ... i be just estastic to have a vacuum that i can use on tile floor ! while i have not have it long enough to address its durability , it seem to be very solid and well-made . i have always own hoover so this be my first eureka and , thus far , i be very well satisfy with it .
547	Vacuum	POS	5	although i do not purchase this vacuum at amazon -lrb- same price + tax at k-mart -rrb- this vacuum be a great value ! it be lightweight , east to maneuver , yet have tremendous suction plus the attachment that come with the vac be a extra bonus and they work ! . this be the second bagless bissel i have purchase -lrb- i be lazy and have 2 cat , i like have a vacuum on all floor of my home : - -rrb- last year i could not find this model and settle for a dirtdevil model ud70095 . omg ! what a piece of junk !!!!! it constantly overheat and shut off after about 10 minute of vacuuming . since the dirtdevil have a 3-year warranty i plan to have it either repair or replace by the manufacture then donate to a worth cause . i also have several other bissell device such as the bissell spotbot pet handsfree spot and stain cleaner -lrb- also a 5-star vac and purchase from amazon -rrb- and a bissell proheat 2x -lrb- would love to give 5 star for the way it clean , but the machine itself difficult to clean after use , so i deduct 1 star , but this be still and excellent machine for clean carpet , especially when have 2 cat that shed like crazy ! -rrb-
638	Vacuum	POS	5	we have a version that be 6 year old now without the stair cleaner and pet hair feature . it work amazingly and everyone who try we vacumme buy one . honestly i wish it would break so i could justify buy the new version . : -rrb- fabulous vacumme .
794	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this vacuum a few month ago . first time i use it i be in love ! i hold off post a review due to the post traumatic stress i suffer from the dyson stow away i have be use not to mention year of other crappy vacuum . anyhoo ... i finally decide it be time and i be hope this review do not jinx my great experience so far . my whole family ooooh and ahhhhh at how quiet it run even on the highest suction . i can talk on the phone and vacuum at the same time . never think that be possible !!! this thing suck debris in the rug and carpet i do not know exist . the majority of my house be hard flooring due to all of we allergy , but the one room upstairs be berber carpet . the vacuum work great on both . i live in rural alaska on a dirt and gravel road . my kid and dog track in gravel , dirt -lrb- usually in the form of mud -rrb- , grass in the summer , god know what type of pollen , pet hair , and more gravel . the vacuum have no problem suck gravel , dirt and debris out of my waterhog doormats . nothing have ever be able to get these clean short of hose they off outside . not possible to do in the winter . as for my allergy to dust , pet hair , and pollen , i no longer sneeze , cough , and have a runny nose or sinus pain when the vacuum be run . in fact , i feel better when the vacuuming have be do , since there be then less debris and allergen around the house . they be not just kick up and move around the house , they be go and in the vacuum . what a novel idea !!! i have never ever recommend any vacuum . i think they be all a pain , do not work well , or would break quickly . i have be vacuum for 35 year of my life and i have average a new vacuum every other year at the least . i can see this vacuum be build to last . the quality be amazing . it be user friendly and move well . the wheels\/casters actually move sideways , forward , backward and can move diagonally and with ease . the handle be comfortable and the part that be make from plastic seem to be make from a higher quality than i have find on walmart and sears vacuum . i think it would take a act of god to break it . the stick be easily adjustable so i can use it comfortably or my husband . -lrb- i be 5 ' 3 '' and he be 6 ' 3 '' . it can also be remove so you can attach the handle directly to the power head brush for do stair . very convenient ! i also purchase the extra long crevice tool , the car kit , and the 10 foot hose . i would recommend those as well . the 10 ' hose be not a electric hose like the one that come with this vacuum , however it work with the bare floor brush and other attachment just fine . it will not work with the power brush that come with this vacuum . i hope to have this vacuum a good long time . it be spendy , however , if i total up how much i have spend on vacuum over the year , this will be less expensive if it just last i 5-6 year . think of it as a investment if you be consider this model or another miele . november 5 , 2011 -lrb- update -rrb- it be be a few month now and everything i write above still apply . it be work great ! i have no regret so far with choose to purchase this vacuum . i have notice that even when the bag be mostly full , it do not seem to lose any suction . i have use many other bagged canister vacuum and when they start to get full , the suction seem to not be as strong . i still recommend the purchase of this vacuum and i still give it 5 star .
811	Vacuum	POS	5	this vac arrive in a way the be easy to take out the box and charge . after charge for 12 hour i go to use the vac in my rv . it work really well . lot of suction . the pet hair attachment work great . it be a small unit but it get the job do with no issue . i should have get this a long time ago .
517	Vacuum	POS	4	i have be use this vacuum weekly for about two month . this vacuum have very good suction power and do a great job cleaning my carpet . i find it easy to push and maneuver . the dirt cup be easy to remove and clean . the washable filter be easy to access and clean . there be also a replaceable filter that be easy to access on the side of the vacuum . the only drawback i can find be with use the attachment . if pull too far , the articulate hose will cause the vacuum to tip over if the user be not hold onto the vacuum . however , the hose with the extension rod do provide a pretty good reach so this should not be too much of a problem . if you plan on extensive use of the hose and attachment , you should probably choose another vacuum . however , if you be like i and need a vacuum mainly to clean carpet and will only use the attachment occasionally , then this be a very good vacuum for a very good price .
362	Vacuum	POS	5	i really like this product . it have a lot of power for those clean up job that you do not want to drag the big sweeper out for .
500	Vacuum	POS	4	i have have my vacuum for 3 + month and think it perform well . it easily pick up christmas tree needle . the one negative be it be heavy to carry upstairs or downstairs . i be pleased with my purchase .
288	Vacuum	POS	4	this item be purchase for a gift . it be not know at this time whether or not the product be good . the order and ship process be great .
797	Vacuum	POS	5	i have use these bag from the start and have absolutely no complaint . with that say though , i have no allergy . so , if you have someone in you household with allergy you may want to start with buy the lowest count package before you fully commit to the `` generic '' bag .
878	Vacuum	POS	4	this be awesome ... i hate sweeping , and now i do not have to . this go from tile to carpet with no problem . i have a large living area break into some odd corner , and this robot clean it all , albeit randomly and i can not figure out the pattern , but it get the room clean ! it seem to not get catch on too much . i have floor speaker with large basis , and it `` climb '' onto it , and sweep the dust off -lrb- it be like a half centimeter high base -rrb- . clean it be critical ... take a few minute at first to get the routine down , but go quickly afterwards . mainly empty the bin everytime , then every couple of time , pull the brush off and cut the hair out with a handy little letter envelope opener deal they provide . for those read this who hate the word `` maintenance '' ... the question be ... do you hate a few minute of maintenance after a robot clean you floor more that you hate sweep ?? lol ... i do not ! we 'll definitely be buy a scooba as well next year !
158	Vacuum	POS	5	i have purchase so many vacuum through the year and i must say that this one be the best . i have two dog , a golden and a mutt , that shed all year long . this vacuum have bring my carpet back to the original look . it really do clean both hard floor and carpet better than any vacuum i have ever use .
219	Vacuum	POS	5	even if it be not price so low . it be work well on carpet , any height . the hose attachment be easy to use & seem pretty durable . it work fine on bare floor -lrb- ceramic tile , wood , concrete -rrb- . with the money save on this i also purchase the bissell pet hard floor vacuum for $ 50 which do a fantastic job on the bare floor & be very lightweight . this vacuum be also not a heavyweight which i really like . so , wow for $ 130 i be set to clean & these machine do a good job .
669	Vacuum	POS	4	this be a good product . it be great on floor and decent on carpeting , but not that great on light rug , which may roll-up and get catch in the brush rather than stay put and allow the vacuum to clean .
889	Vacuum	POS	5	i struggle with whether to give this unit 4 or 5 star . i be lean toward 4 because i find the hose incredibly awkward because it want to stick out prominently to the side while vacuum . this cause i to sweep a very special coffee mug off which shatter on the floor . i try to pay more attention but end up catch another glass shortly thereafter . you really have to be careful when you be use this thing because the hose extend about 2 foot to you side and will hook anything in its way such as lamp , glass , painting , etc. . at the end of the day i decide to give it 5 star because it truly be a magnificent vacuum . it do exactly what it be suppose to do . it be a light weight vacuum with tremendous suction and a long power cord . i will take responsibility for the learning curve and not penalize the device . i want to mention one other thing in relation to the weight . i have read that it be heavy . i be a fairly large guy so i wonder whether other people might find it uncomfortable . my 9 year old son follow i around the house when i first get the unit , beg for a chance to try it . i eventually give in and he use it for 15-20 minute and never once complain about the weight . he be only 75 lb , so if he can wield it , i think most adult would be able to do so comfortably .
304	Vacuum	POS	5	i receive this eureka vacuum by fedex yesterday afternoon 11\/10\/09 . i run this vacuum and find it be more powerful than hoover , dyson , electroux and other brand . i be happy that it do pick up lot of dirt from my carpet than my old vacuum cleaner electrolux that leave behind . this eureka really do the job easy and do pick up cat hair , wow ! my parent use have a old eureka back in the old day in the 30 's until 1971 . i be not satisfy with first three electrolux which do quit and burn out before and after ten year of use . i do try out other vacuum cleaner that i do not like . i do try out the eureka last thing to try it and like the way it do the job . then i bring it . i be happy that go back to the old day like the same eureka do the job and now it be even more powerful than other vacuum on the market . try one on any eureka vacuum model and you will like it very much as i do . brownbat
817	Vacuum	POS	5	so far this vac have be great . it make quick work of pet hair and whatever else the dog drag in the house . it be heavy and a little awkward empty the dust cup but because it have good suction i do not care . the battery charge be last great so far . i do not have any complaint yet and hopefully it will be the same in a year .
683	Vacuum	POS	5	i love my vacuum ! it be perfect for wood floor , tile and carpet ! it be so much better than use a swiffer ! its easy to use on the stair , light and a great product . i would reccomend this product to anyone who use a swiffer , have pet or hard floor in they home !
977	Vacuum	POS	5	first off , let i note that i choose this product after read the review on amazon and also the review on -lrb- ... -rrb- my duplex be all linoleum and i have 2 cat and 1 dog-an akita . as you can imagine , there be a lot of pet hair that get accumulate throughout the house . i have now use this vacuum for over a week now , and have fall in love with its ease of use , the amount of dirt and pet hair it pick up , and its long charge . it pick up pet hair with ease , and pick up a lot of dirt that i would not have be able to get with a broom alone . the user manual state that fully charge it can last as long as 16 minute on hard floor without the brush . however , i have find it last a good 20 + minute . in fact , i have yet to not vacuum my entire duplex -lrb- 1000 sq foot -rrb- with it loose it be charge ! i notice several review on this product state how heavy it be to lift over the trash can and what a pain it be . i be 8 1\/2 month pregnant and be able to lift the vacuum over we kitchen-sized trash can with ease . be it a little bulky ? sure , but it pick up so much dirt and pet hair that it be worth i lift it over the trash can . after every use i have remove the filter as well to brush it out to get even more dust out . the only thing negative i can say about this be the fact that when i receive it in the mail , it take 24 hour to fully charge up - however you be go to find that with anything like that - when you get a new cell phone be a prime example . if you be on the fence about purchase this , i can tell you first hand it be a worthwhile purchase . my husband be doubtful that we really `` need '' this , after all - we have a full size vacuum cleaner . however give the fact that i be pregnant , i need something lighter and more portable . this be great for a quick cleaning or if you just need to clean one room of you house . i be clean my whole house with it now and it be work great !
368	Vacuum	POS	4	very happy with product . easy to use . strong suction which really get all the dust that may be trap in rug .
516	Vacuum	POS	4	i have all hardwood floor and get tire of sweep up copious amount of dirt and hair produce by my family and dog . but i really do not like vacuum since my house be small with lot of furniture to get under , and most stick vacuum have pretty bad review . so i decide to try the backpack vacuum , and i love it ! it be easy to maneuver around the house , just remember not to back up too far . i find it fairly light , but then i be also strong enough to lift my own luggage into the overhead compartment on the plane . weak people would probably be better with traditional vacuum . this vacuum be powerful , and the only thing i wish it have be some way to keep the attachment comnect to the unit when not in use .
909	Vacuum	POS	4	just get this vacuum and already very impressed . we other vacuum should have be retire long ago as this one do twice the job the other one do . we have a dirt devil vision and think it be great , but wow , be we wrong . eureka have a gem in this vacuum . just as it be be say , if adjust to the correct height , it tug itself forward . it be heavy , but the return you get from this vacuum be well worth the weight . only one fault with it that i find so far , and that be the storage location of the power paw . when vacuum and the cord be move around as you push and pull the vacuum around the house , it get catch on the paw and pop out of it be holder -lrb- not enough a reason for i to be upset or unhappy with it -rrb- . i be play around with the placement of the cord to see if that help . the paw be impressive as well . one other nice feature i find be that in order to see the belt you normally have to dismantle the vacuum , this one have a window so that be not necessary . the light be not really effective , but who vacuum in the dark anyway ? love the fact that when it be in the upright position , the beater bar stop spin also love that option to turn the suction to the hose from the floor . very nice feature . it seem very sturdy and that it should last quite a while . search through hundred of review , several vacuum , and ton of `` top ten vacuum '' poll , and the lowest i be able to find this vacuum be # 5 . almost all of they compare this to the dyson , some rate it above the dyson in performance and price . i be impressed with this machine , we carpet have be look like crap for a long time and do not know it until we get this vacuum .
378	Vacuum	POS	5	tired of the bagless lose power over time we decide to try this one out . have 4 child we vacuum cleaner be abused and this vacuum take the abuse and keep on sucking . very happy with we purchase .
942	Vacuum	POS	4	i really like this vacuum but take off 1 star because -lrb- a -rrb- technologically , it be not really anything new and -lrb- b -rrb- even as easy as it be , i hate have to worry about multiple filter . this vacuum perform very well . although slightly bulky , it maneuver easily around tight space . even when full of rabbit hair , it still suck up more dirt and do not seem to lose suction . cleanup take less than 5 minute , 10 max if you be a neat freak . i recommend rinse the sponge-like ring filter after every use and leave it around to dry around the handle . that way you do not have to leave it out and wait for it to dry . just put the vacuum away and the next time you need to vacuum , put the filter back on and lock the canister in place . take only a minute . if i have to say anything bad it would be about the tube you put you attachment on . it be short and do not stretch very far . the vacuum topple over a few time when i use it . not a big deal if you use 1 hand to hold part of the tube -lrb- near vacuum -rrb- and another -lrb- on the attachment end handle -rrb- to stretch it out and clean . it take a little bit get use to . all in all , i be happy with my decision . this be replace my old canister vacuum which i love but crap out on i after year and year of use . i be not a big fan of bag-less vacuum but this one may make i one .
393	Vacuum	POS	4	this machine work great ! it easily fold up for storage and work well on both rug and floor . cleaning be also simple , just pull out the filter and you be do .
342	Vacuum	POS	5	i own my own cleaning business and this vacuum be a time saver on stair and hardwood floor . any high pill carpet though i have to use another vacuum for . light weight and great .
680	Vacuum	POS	5	i do not know what i do without it ? oh yeah , i do ; i have a dirty floor that i try to clean constantly . i have 3 dog . between they and my long blonde hair and dust -lrb- live in the middle of farm country -rrb- , clean my floor be something i do more than once a day . this be a big time saver . love come home to a clean floor .
703	Vacuum	POS	4	love the suction power on this vac . also love the way it easily go from use it on carpet to use it on a flat floor . empty it be a bit of a pain though , but not difficult . i use it not only in the house but i also take it to the lake for use on the pontoon floor .
707	Vacuum	POS	4	so far so good but it be a bit heavy . i have a 1600 sq ft house and it take a little bit to sweep all the room so after a few minute it get pretty heavy . also the cord be a bit too short
214	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this vacuum !!!!! if loving this vacuum be wrong i do not wanna be right , it be truly the muhammed ali of vacuums cause its the greatest , for hardwoods only , i only have hardwood throughout my house and tile so for i its a snap , anyone with mostly hardwood know that hardwood flooring be magnet for dust and debris , this little guy be like one bad mamma jamma !! also when i clean my kitchen drawer and cushion in my furniture it suck all that crap out ! it have a long cord that in never have to unplug then plug in again in another room , completely get under everything like furniture ! i love thing that make my life easier and be cool , this totally work in my application of my life , for a all hardwood and tile floor guy , i can not comment on this vacuum with rug ! i call it my ghost dust buster , cause every time i put it on i think of ghostbuster , cause you look like it , i hope this review help !
132	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum work so much better than my hoover do . the suction be more powerful and it actually work on hard floor too without just blow the dirt backwards . the hose be easy to use . the hose be slip off the notch easily when i try to vacuum but that be the only problem so far .
413	Vacuum	POS	5	i get lucky and find this vacuum on sale at kohls for $ 99 and snatch the last one they have available . in fact , i have to have one kohls look up other area store to locate the one i do find because they would about sell out of they . i can see why . this vacuum be excellent for the price . i love the ease of use it and the convenience that it offer . it have great suction and have yet to give i any problem . i have have mine almost a year and would highly recommend it to anyone .
515	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this little flex vac . it be so easy to carry and operate . i really like the easy empty side door and not have to purchase new filter . it easily come apart for cleaning . i have a huge lady bug issue in my home and this little vac be awesome for suck those little critter up . for you folk that have issue with kill they they be still alive when i empty it out outside . i do not have the chargeing issue other folk be c\/o . i can vaccum a whole flight of stair with it .
734	Vacuum	POS	5	i have four dog and two cat that share my bedroom . talk about hairy problem . i try everything , even professional cleaning . i buy this boss and wow . my grandson think i have new carpet in my room . this be a bit heavy and it have a bag , -lrb- i like that -rrb- i love this vacuum .
868	Vacuum	POS	4	i have only use this vacumn once so far but have to say that i be impress at the amount of dust and dirt it pick up . my floor be not that dirty-as far as i could tell and i have just vacumn about 2 week prior before my other vacumn break . it effectively do what it be mean to do and i be very happy with it so far . here be to hope it last !
218	Vacuum	POS	5	i just purchase one of the bissell helix bagless vacuume this week from target , and i love it so far . i have hardwood floor with area rug and a cat in the house , and it handle the transition between pile and floor very well and pick up everything in its path . plus , the turbo hose attachment be great for get pet hair off the furniture . the hose stay put while i work around the house , but i do need to empty the collection chamber half way through cleaning , and again at the end , so that would be a good thing to pay attention to . i have only use it once , but really like it so far . from read the instruction , it appear that the filter have to be clean and\/or replace fairly often , so that be another thing to consider . overall i be happy with the product .
782	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have this vacuum for a year now . i have a big dog in a small house so hair build up fast . this thing handle the hair and even dirt like a champ . my floor look nice and clean after vacuum . the attachment be nice , especially the power paw . i love the sealed hepa filter -lrb- use my roommate 's conventional vacuum always give i allergy symptom -rrb- . the vacuum be pretty easy to maneuver but it do have a pretty big base so it be hard to fit in smallish place . also the handle can not fold all the way down , so it be hard to get under furniture . overall , i love this thing and could not really ask for more .
279	Vacuum	POS	5	this be we first cordless vacuum and we have only have this one for a little over a month . it be much more convenient than have to plug and re-plug a cord vacuum as you move around the house . i really enjoy the bendable joint in this vacuum for go under bed and other furniture ; it operate with a slide button near you hand as you be vacuum so , again , be quite convenient and easy to bend the vacuum as you go under something , then un-bend it to go on vacuuming . we have new laminate floor so do not use the brush on the bottom . i like its light weight compare to a cord vacuum , too ; and the bottom be small enough to get into some tight-ish corner .
318	Vacuum	POS	5	ok , so i want a powerful vacuum cleaner for my home that would be easy to maneuver , versatile , and lightweight . that be when i decide to conduct my own unconventional research into the best vacuum cleaner out there that would meet all of my expectation . i contact a array of janitorial and housecleaning service to hear they recommendation . this commercial hoover backpack model be mention time and time again and i just could not resist buy it . i have use it a handful of time and let i tell you , it be a winner ! here 's why : 1 . it be so lightweight -lrb- 9.2 lb . -rrb- that even a frail person would have virtually no problem carry this on they back . 2 . it be very powerful ! 3 . the extra long , almost 50 ' cord allow i to plug it into a centralized electrical outlet on each floor and go from room to room without switch outlet . a real timesaver ! 4 . the floor attachment on this particular model have a very low profile and easily glide under furniture that be previously hard to reach . 5 . you can easily adjust the amount of suction when vacuum area rug so that they be not swallow up by the powerful motor . 6 . it use the hepa system . 7 . you have the option of use the cloth dust-catcher bag that come with it or disposable bag . for personal reason , i like have both of these option available to i . 8 . vacuum flight of stair be a breeze . no more awkward lifting of heavy vacuum cleaner from one step to another , which i have find to be potentially dangerous . i simply can not imagine myself ever go back to use heavy , bulky , roll canister or upright model . i be glad i listen to the commercial and residential cleaning service that i defer to for recommendation !
42	Vacuum	POS	5	i have purchase other cordless vacuum cleaner and they last about 1 year . the black & decker cordless vacuum be a excellent quality vacuum cleaner . i have a pet that shead white hair and my black & decker cordless vacuum pick up the hair where the other cordless product do not . this product be sturdy and easy to use . i have have 3 six hour back surgery and have no problem lifting and use this product . i love it & have no problem recomend this product !!
549	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum cleaner be a well-thought-out machine that really do a great job of cleaning . the hepa filter be terrific . i have read some review that say the hose sag behind the vacuum , but not if you drape it over the machine as be mean to be do . i have find everything about this product to be right on target for what it be intend to do - clean the house . this vacuum cleaner get my highest recommendation without hesitation .
340	Vacuum	POS	5	i take my beloved dyson dc07 in to my local repair shop for a new motor , and mention to he that i be head to costco for a dc-28 . a hour later i walk out of he shop with this miele vacuum instead ... along with a $ 450 bill to repair and rejuvenate my dyson dc07 . after a hour of vacuum with the miele , i call he and tell he to trash the dyson , and i be come back for a 2nd miele -lrb- i be spoil , i like have a vacuum on each floor of my home -rrb- . this be a incredible vacuum i think . the tool be easier to use than the old dyson , the suction be greater , more option to vary suction level . i be in love .
211	Vacuum	POS	5	buy this to clean up dog hair and to make routine maintenance vacuum easier . i love it , and choose it because of the great review from consumer reports .
916	Vacuum	POS	5	these bag be great . ca not believe i be waste my money on genuine miele bag . these bag work the same .
299	Vacuum	POS	5	love the eureka right out of the box . imo my dyson never clean as well as the eureka . clean up all kind of dust that the dyson could not where the carpet meet the wall . ca not justify ever spend that much on a vacuum again . guess we 'll be sell my dyson for part !
611	Vacuum	POS	5	this be one great car vac ! its long cord reach all over the car . the extension nozzle go in crevice . it be really powerful . my reservation when i buy it be that it might be too large for easy storage , but it fold up into practically nothing and fit in one of the little niche under the deck of my suv .
529	Vacuum	POS	5	my 3 year old dirtdevil vacuum cleaner give up and i head to the research room on amazon to consider a replacement . after extensive research i zero in on this and hoover 5507-900 . hoover be more expensive and do not have the tool and upholstery available on this vacuum . i still have my doubt on bissell hence i head to target to check the vacuum myself . i be impress with what i see and i order this on amazon . out of the box this vacuum be very easy to assemble and quite user friendly . the motor be very powerful and it clean the dirt from the carpet with ease . it also have adjustable knob for power variation and have one for bare-floor surface . the dirt container be very easy to replace and the extra dust brush with extension wand make hard to reach place very easy to clean . whats more this vacuum work like charm on my vacuum storage bag . it remove the air out of the bag in 30 seconds flat . i would definitely recommend this vacuum cleaner who do not want to waste money on hoover or even worst dyson and still want to keep clean .
648	Vacuum	POS	5	i have a bissell before and i use it for 5 year before get this one for the same price as before . the suction be good as before plus it also suck dirt from the side and the attachment for stair be just amazing . - suction be strong - easy to throw out the crap - most of the filter be washable - be heavy but lighter when compare to its peer - make slightly less noise totally worth it for $ 80 .
874	Vacuum	POS	5	i have one not a comercial model it be over 23 yr . old and still work well . when i happen apon this comercial model i have too have it too . perfect on we boat .
557	Vacuum	POS	5	i recently purchase the miele twist from govacuums and receive it with overnight shipping via amazon prime . my old vacuum , a sears direct drive , be about 9 year old and have stop work . the motor still run but it have no suction . upon open the unit i see that the motor be throw spark and emit a electrical smell . i also notice how basic the unit be inside ; a motor , a circuit board and really no filtration to speak of . so i have a decision to make ; either get this one repair or purchase a new vacuum . the thing be there be issue with the sears vacuum in its design . it be heavy , difficult to maneuver and the major flaw be that to use the attachment it require you to stoop down to the floor to disconnect the hose from the vacuum head . needless to say a lot of high up item in my home only get vacuum sporadically . so on to amazon to read all the vacuum review and that be when i find the twist . the price be a little more than i have originally plan to spend but compare to what a new vacuum would have cost -lrb- $ 300 + tax -rrb- the price be not that much more . i really do believe you get what you pay for so i take the plunge and buy the twist . i be somewhat worry when the box arrive ; quite a few dent and ding on the box and even some of the styrofoam packing inside be break too . but a close look at the vacuum itself show no issue whatsoever . i plug in the handle and turn the unit on and away i go . a nice touch be that the bag be already install and they provide a extra one too . a couple of key highlight about this vacuum : to all those reviewer who claim that this vacuum be heavy you be somewhat right . come from the sears unit i be use to heavy , bulky and hard to maneuver . but this vacuum be a dream to use because of its design . you see the weight be distribute in a much better way . more of the weight be engineer down towards the floor . combine that with the pivot action of the unit and you get a vacuum with a solid feel yet it be very maneuverable . another plus be that the short nose and the ability to lay flat allow you to vacuum in tight space . secondly the telescopic wand be very well think out . you can stop mid-vacuum and quickly get to those high up item you need to while stand the whole time ; then get right back to vacuum the floor after reinsert the wand . i live in a single story house with all hardwood floor except for tile in the kitchen area ; after use the twist the floor just look a lot cleaner then with my old vacuum . i think that the design and engineering of vacuum have improve a lot in the last few year and i be sure the maker of my old vacuum have improve theirs too . i just want to take a step up and see how well a better design vacuum would work and i be glad i do .
883	Vacuum	POS	4	this little fellum work as well as you could ask of any handheld\/cordless minus . although it be a little loud , it be light , easy to use , and simple to maintain . the upholstery attachment for the dog hair work great .
777	Vacuum	POS	4	i just receive this vac today . the suction be better than my 15 volt portable . it be extremely easy to get behind object because of the way the nozzle be adjustable . have quite a few attachment that make a pretty big difference . and the best thing of all its not battery operate ! you can take you time ! you can actually see the dirt through the plastic and the feature to clean the filter be really helpful to my surprise . its pretty quite and very flexible . the cord be longer than i would ever need -lrb- audi s6 -rrb- and my car be pretty big . i would highly recommend this unit . and will probably be buy one as a gift for my friend . good job black and decker !! a + edit : only con be that it have to be empty pretty often -lrb- this be the same for all small vaccum -rrb- .
806	Vacuum	POS	4	i do not mind the noise level of the vacuum . i live in a house that have stain concrete floor . i be use a regular upright vacuum on that be leave visible streak mark on the floor from the roller . this backpack vacuum be gentle and have strong suction . it have not hurt my back yet even though i have have to remind myself not to lean over with it on . only complaint be that the extension do not secure\/snap into place and fall off upon normal retraction over carpet\/noteworthy resistance .
712	Vacuum	POS	4	after a stroke 1 1\/2 year ago i find that my new electrolux vacuum be too heavy and cumbersome to use-and ask my husband to vacuum all the time be start to get `` old '' . i look over what option i have and finally decide to try this hoover out . it be not too heavy for i -lrb- i buy the carrier too -rrb- . i can slip it over my head and i be able to vacuum with very little discomfort . i change the tool one hand by hold the tool with my foot and use my one hand to pull off the rod\/hose . i be get pretty good at this . my husband say he like the portable vacuum too . i probably would have give five star if the machine do the vacuum for i ! i be very satisfied with this hoover .
631	Vacuum	POS	5	i purchase a previous version of the 4870 -lrb- dark green -rrb- a couple of year ago . the newer model have only minor difference . note to dad and husband : think of it as a power tool ! i will echo the other comment on great suction and somewhat heavy weight . this be a excellent combination of power and price , but you may want to think twice if you be a smaller person who would need to carry the cleaner up and down stair a lot . i have laminate floor so the brush control be mandatory ; that feature be hard to find on other model in this price range . so far i have have two year of good service with no problem . the control for the brush and the hose suction could be more intuitive but i get use to they quickly . from other review , apparently people have have trouble with the bare floor toggle . in my experience , if you try to set the toggle before you unlock the handle , the toggle will fall back to the carpet setting and the carpet brush will keep turn ... which negate the whole point of the toggle . however , mine work fine if you set the rotary height adjustment knob to `` bare floor '' and then use the foot pedal to unlock the handle . at this point you can easily move the toggle from `` carpet '' to `` bare floor '' and it will click into place , stop the brush . yes , it be more hassle than it need to be but rapidly become second nature , and the cleaner do a grear job on my laminate floor .
944	Vacuum	POS	4	i have go through about 6 or 7 minus vacuum over the year start with the original dustbuster . most have last about a year . i have a electrolux one that be not inexpensive last only 4 month . i normally research the heck out of a product before i purchase but i really need a new cordless vacuum to keep the area around the cat 's litter box clean so she do not track the litter all around the house . i spend a couple of hour read some review on amazon and other website on the different brand and model available . this black & decker one keep pop up with a lot of good thing be say about it . there be some not great thing say as well but i decide to take the plunge and order it . it arrive a few day later . i take it out of the box and my first thought be `` oh , it be smaller than i think but it be so cute ! '' . actual dimension be : 12-1\/5 by 6-2\/5 by 10 inch . out of the box the first thing i do be plug it into the charger as i have read many reviewer say it will take at least 20 hour to charge . the next day i proceed to operate the vacuum without look at any instruction . when i get a new product i generally like to put it together and\/or operate and maintain it before i look at the instruction . this might seem odd but for review purpose i like to see how user friendly a product be . the vacuum be light enough to hold with one hand -lrb- even a older person would be able to use one hand -rrb- . the on\/off switch be a 2 inch slide switch located under the handle . this seem like awkward position to i . i power it on and tackle the errant cat litter . it do a fine job with plenty of suction . you can use the vacuum with the flexible hose in its lock in position on handle or disengage it from the handle when you need the flexibility . this vacuum be not very quiet but i have have some before that be more quiet but lack the suction this have . the fhv1200 come with 3 attachment . there be a standard crevice wand , a nifty 2-in-1 nozzle\/brush and a pet hair cleaning tool . the crevice wand and nozzle\/brush attachment fit into a caddy that snap onto the vacuum . this be very convenient and the caddy do not get in the way while use the vacuum . if you be in a tight spot you can easily remove the caddy . there be no spot -lrb- that i can figure out anyway -rrb- for the pet hair attachment on the caddy . the next thing i vacuum after the cat litter be the sofa . i attach the pet hair tool and go to town on my sofa and sofa throw pillow . wow . i be very impressed with the amount of dog and cat hair this thing pick up . next -lrb- without look at the instruction booklet -rrb- i decide to clean the filter housing . i be a bit concerned about this because of the ick factor due to the cat litter i vacuum up . i open up the filter housing\/debris door and twist the filter cover off . do this over a trashcan ! i learn that the hard way . i dump all the debris into the trashcan , remove the filter and clean it -lrb- by pick the pet hair off by hand -rrb- and then wipe the remain debris dust inside the filter house with a paper towel . the filter itself be not in need of any additional cleaning at that time so i pop it back in and close it all back up . that be all easy to do without refer to any instruction . then i decide to address the issue some reviewer have with short run time after a full charge . i turn the machine back on and let it sit on the counter . i note the time and ignore it . after 15 minute the vacuum start to get increasingly quieter and i know its charge be die down . it go another couple of minute and i check the suction at that time and i know it be not go to pick anything up without recharge . remember however that this be after i have use the vacuum for 8 to 10 minute prior so the total work time this thing give i be about 20-25 minute after a full charge . this model have a 2 year warranty but i do not put much stock into these type of warranty because you first option be to return the product to the retailer -lrb- keep you receipt ! -rrb- or find a black & decker authorize repair center . i actually do a google search for one and find one 25 mile from my house . i have have my vacuum for a couple of week now and so far i be happy . it do what i need it to do which be to do quick pick up in between my regular vacuuming . it would be a great vacuum to keep you vehicle 's interior clean as well . if i notice the work time after charge diminish i will update edit my review . edit update : i just want to mention that i really do not use this unless i unleash the hose from the body of the vacuum . i find that the suction of the vacuum be cut in half unless you unwind the hose from the holder . also , i feel that for the money a extra filter should have be include with the accessory .
810	Vacuum	POS	5	though large and somewhat cumbersome , this fine piece of equipment be incredibly powerful and offer a good range of setting and extension . i be also able to find replacement bag very easily on amazon . two thumb up .
166	Vacuum	POS	5	i want a vacuum cleaner without a bag , that be able to clean my chair and sofa and have good suction power . this upright vac have it and more and at at a surprisingly low price . with its see-through design there be no guess when to clean the filter or empty the dust collector . i be very pleased with it .
98	Vacuum	POS	4	i purchase this vacuum cleaner a little more than a year and a half ago . i have a cat that shed and do allot of research before purchase this one . i have have vacuum cleaner work great for a little while and they stop work completely so i do not review this one right away , even though i love it from the start . this one have hold up pretty well for a modern cleaner . the power paw attachment be great , but you can purchase it separately for $ 12.00 . the negative ? it do weight allot and hard to carry up & down the stair . both the power paw -lrb- replaceable -rrb- and the foot petal -lrb- not really -rrb- have break since i purchase it .
328	Vacuum	POS	4	like georgia girl , i have have the same hoover portapower since the early 80 's . i really just want a new one because my old one be so scrappy look , and i have have to repair the little plastic button that click the attachment in place , etc. . i look at new one in the 90 's -lrb- before such easy on-line research and shopping -rrb- but i do not like the model they have out then -- i think it be orange and goony look . it be funny that the portapower now look exactly like the one from 1981 , but black instead of beige . but i be disappointed in what james say , about the springy short hose . that sound like a new feature that they should have more thoroughly vet . -lrb- and i be disappointed that hoover be unresponsive to james ' input about it . -rrb- but i would not really love put my old hose on my nice new vacuum . do anyone think it would be possible to clamp the end of the hose from here to there and stretch it out ? or be it a unmalleable material ? i think i will still get this one . i see there be a home model -lrb- c2094 -rrb- but it seem to not be very readily available on-line or elsewhere , where this `` commercial '' model , 3000 , be all over the place . glad i read the review , everyone -- thanks .
43	Vacuum	POS	5	i order this vacuum after week of research , and i be so happy how it perform . suction power be great for such a small vacuum . cleans surface very well . it come with nice storage bad , along with rubber tube and brush . it also have small brush that can be attach on the nose for better cleaning .
65	Vacuum	POS	5	i usually do not take the time to write review but this vac be awesome . we have a oreck large vac for major cleaning so i try they cordless electrikbroom and be disappointed and return it . then i order psv1800 and be blow away how well it work . design , function and durability be all super . we use it everyday -lrb- two kid under two -rrb- and constantly remark how good the vac work . hardwood floor or carpet be easily handle with a switch . the vac fold beautifully and angle to get hard to reach place . if you need a cordless this be the one !
491	Vacuum	POS	5	after have go through a oreck , a hoover and a dyson , i finally have a vacuum cleaner that have quality construction and control . i love the `` twist '' part , it make get into corner very easy . the hose be very easy to use -lrb- especially in comparison to the dyson -rrb- . i be a little old lady with a very bad back . i have no problem use my miele . it do a great job on get up pet hair and in this house a vacuum cleaner have to handle pet hair from two cat and two dog . i actually enjoy vacuum with my `` twist '' , my house have not be this clean in year . revision i should have wait a while before write the review . the twist go through one bag perform well . it go downhill from there . i can not go over more than two square yard without a blockage . unstop this thing be ridiculous . there be three area where one can try , but it be virtually impossible to get a wire into the hole . trip to the repair shop be a inconvenience , but have to be do . i be very disappoint in this vacuum cleaner , wish i never buy it . 0
1	Vacuum	POS	4	i have use several different hoover and eureka in recent year , so i have some perspective on vacuum cleaner in this price category , both bagged and bagless , and so far , i be find the bissell measure up well . i do not think of bissell as a top vacuum cleaner brand -lrb- i think of they as make rug shampooer -rrb- , but i have be impressed . pro : it have good suction -- my first use produce that `` wow '' when you see how much dirt be in the carpet you think be pretty clean ; it have multiple filter that be washable , so there be no maintenance cost for bag or filter ; the power upholstery attachment with spin beater brush work great -- much better than just have a little brush attachment that push the hair around ; it be extremely easy to assemble -lrb- one screw -rrb- ; it be sturdy and solid for the price ; it be not the lightest i have use -lrb- that would be the eureka lightspeed , which start to fall apart almost immediately -rrb- , but it be not overly heavy or bulky -- it be a good weight ; it be no more noisy than any of the other similarly-priced vacuum i have use ; the extension hose do not have to be place into a hole every time you want to use it and then pull out afterwards , unlike some other model -- it be always attach to the suction , so all you have to do be pull it out and start use it ; and the canister come off and go back in very easily -- more easily than some i have use -- and can be easily empty . con : i find little to complain about with this unit , but like all of the other vacuum cleaner i have use , the cord do not retract , so you have to always keep it out of the way as you vacuum . other have say the cord could be longer ; i find it be about average , but sure , a little longer would not hurt -lrb- although then there be more to keep out of the way -rrb- .
802	Vacuum	POS	5	i have this vacuum cleanet for almost a year now . i initialy take my time to research and look for right upright vacuum cleanet for i . i previously own eurika -lrb- work for 6 year be great , break , want to buy new the same model , but they renovate it make it much heavier , do not buy it -rrb- , second one be hoover -lrb- great suction , very loud , break in 1 year , that just say it all -rrb- . i be buy cheaper one because i understand they will not last for long these day when everything make not to last , more of `` we will manufacture it so it be cute , brake fast , you have to buy new , because who will ever have time to think about repare '' . i always have one with bag and love it , then i decide to explore , take a chance and bough one canister from the store to try and see if i be go to like at and then i would just easily return if i do not . long story short bagless be not for i , too messy and too much time to clean . return it . go back to look for new upright with bag . i have a long experiance of use german product through my life . i be from europe . i ' v learn to trust german quality . we have say that they stuff make to last . so at the time of the purchase i could also afford myself to spend more on vacuum cleaner then before . i read consumer report to start , then go to amazon . my desision be to buy entry level meile s7210 because i usualy do not see a point it pay extra $ 200-300 for some little extra feature . i do not have pet , but i be clean freak . i can vacuum almost every day . what i like about my new -lrb- now not so new : meile be that it be very quite , filtration be great consider that the exit from filter be on top of the vacuum cleaner , so the air almost blow to the face . swivel fiture be very helpfull . different level of suction be great because i can switch to weaker suction to vacuum small rug . attachment be good , not perfect -lrb- wish there would be one for carpeted stair -rrb- , but easy to attach , cord be loooong , love it . i do not like only one thing : you have to undo the cord complitely in order to take the attachment tube out and use it . that be one thing i wish they could have do differenlty and make the cord storage on the side rather then on the back of the vaccum . also , the vacuum be on the heavier side of all that i ' v get before . that dose not bother i . because it almost slide better with a little weight , slower . they say that be how you suppose to vacuum - slow . i use to rush it : -rrb- not with this one . maybe it be like drive luxury car , you do not want to speed up , just injoy the ride : -rrb- i look at it as have a sort of work out . works great for i . and the bag come out close without any dust involve outside of where it have to be . nice and clean , love it . hope german quality will let i get the most out of my new toy .
316	Vacuum	POS	5	i have a animal dyson and when i move it be steal !!! i have be look at different vacuum and read review on what be out there . i regard the review on amazon as invaluable and can sometimes make or break my decision to purchase something . i also subscribe to consumer reports and find that the miele have the highest rating of any vacuum . if you check miele 's website , it claim they be at the top of good housekeeping 's list also . i be hesitant to spend over $ 400 for something online without the option of testing it . so , i go to the local sew and vac store to test drive it . first of all the twist have great maneuverability when vacuum around corner , under chair , etc. . also , the vacuum motor be separate from the brush motor which not only pick up well , but make the vacuum easier to push . for someone with a disability that can not push a heavy vacuum , this be a great bonus ! the switch to turn the brush off and on be at the top of the handle next to the power button which be excellent for those of we who hate to -lrb- or can not -rrb- bend to the floor to switch from carpet to bare floor . also , just below the handle be setting for deep pile , low pile , smooth and curtain . the curtain setting be awesome ! there be enough suction to clean they without try to suck they into the hose . i have also be able to vacuum chair , couch and pillow with ease . no fight the suction there ! the hose on the miele be very flexible and allow for easy use of the hose and on board attachment . the hose on the dyson would have so much suction go through that i could not extend the hose and the dyson fall on my foot and leg many time while i be fight the suction . the miele have anti-tip technology which i have put to the test . it actually do tip once , but i have pull the hose it be full length , so it do not surprise i . i be at least 6 foot away , so it do not fall on i . other reviewer indicate the hose pull out of the vacuum . i do not have any trouble with that during the store demonstration or on the miele twist i buy from the sew and vac store . possibly they get a lemon ? from the miele website , here be the description for all 4 standard style upright : suction control via rotary dial with 4 variable power setting 1,200-watt , miele-made vortex motor 4,800 r.p.m. brush roller motor 2-motor system , with separate control for electrobrush motor protection indicator tools\/accessories include electrobrush with independent motor 4 , versatile accessory low-profile electrobrush pass under low-clearance furnishings cord 39-foot electrical cord additional feature impressive 54-foot cleaning radius patent swivel-neck for maximum maneuverability automatic carpet height adjustment 360  front castor wheel 12-foot , integrate , flexible hose anti-tipping device for enhance stability when use include accessory reinforce , ergonomic handle for both operation and transport\/carrying 7-year motor warranty & 7-year casing warranty the difference be : twist have air clean filter and no headlight jazz have hepa filter and headlight salsa have hepa filter and headlight cat & dog have air clean filter , headlight and turbobrush attachment -lrb- the salesperson demonstrate that a replacement hepa filter can be put into the twist or cat & dog -rrb- i hate to call the twist the basic model , but it be the least expensive of the four . i feel like i get a good deal and excellent vacuum for the price and see no need to pay a extra $ 150 or more just for headlight . i do not test any of the miele canister vacuum , but the salesperson say canister vac be better for home that be mostly hardwood floor . i could go on and on about how wonderful i think the twist be ! i be not aware , but another reviewer say you could lose you warranty if purchase online . i would say that if you do not have a dealer nearby and must buy online , get it from miele directly , that way you warranty will not be void . sorry amazon .
775	Vacuum	POS	5	the robot go to work from the very first day . my husband have a guy night that weekend and all he could talk about be how impressed he be . i have not have to complain about pet hair since . he program it to do it be thing at 2 pm while we be both still at work . awesome !
160	Vacuum	POS	5	best hand vacuum i have every own . have power and the pet hair tool actually work . lightweight . have ' t have it long but i like it .
213	Vacuum	POS	5	we get this sweeper at kmart for $ 79.99 last year . it be a extra one we use downstairs in laundry room and basement . it be a very good sweeper for the money . in fact i like the extension hose much better then we dyson animal which be very hard to use with the beater attachment . we lend it to we son and daughter in law to use while they be pack up and move . they be very impressed with the suction it have . we tell they to keep it and i be order another one today from amazon . free shipping and a 10.00 rebate . who can beat that ? do wish it have a longer cord and the beater brush turn off while you be use the beater extension on stair -lrb- it will burn you carpet if set on the low setting so watch that -rrb- but i still think it be a great sweeper for the money .
241	Vacuum	POS	4	i think i already write a review of this vacuum , but it must have be on the target site . anyway , this be a excellent , powerful vacuum . we have a multi-cat household and i be always amaze at how much fur and -lrb- cat litter silt -rrb- get 's pick up . grant , there be no bag so the back of the vacuum get dust powder ... so a little leak out when be use . the only con , i realize this past month . i decide to wash the filter ... not a good idea . i have to wash several time and bake in the sun , but the filter now stink ... very much . when i vacuum it smell like wet cat . yuck ! so not a big deal ... i just realize that i have to buy new filter rather than wash they . otherwise , i love my bissell and highly recommend it !!
555	Vacuum	POS	5	we use this 12 vdc vacuum mostly in a travel trailer & sometimes in a truck . it work faithfully , really great for compulsive cleaning of outdoor debris . the extensible nose-piece be handy . the filter be easily clean , washable and dry well . the cord have be of sufficient length ; it store well .
580	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have this vacuum about 1 month-definitely plenty of suction , as claim . the path be wide so you can finish a room quickly . unlike the dyson , you do have to manually change a switch to go to bare floor or to use the hose , but the suction be really good and at around $ 100 be way more affordable than a dyson . the replacement bag be easy to find at store and you do not have to shake the dusty dirt into the trash can , just pull out the bag and put in a new one . amazon be definitely the best price around and walmart have stop carry this model .
642	Vacuum	POS	5	i purchase this item mainly for my car but this little vacuumed work great anywhere . the only thing it need be to add a charger for the car . i use the one i have for my car , it really have some great power for such a little vacuumed . it be great to clean up minor spill , cookie crumb , etc. . i also use it in the house to get down between the cushion to get crumb up . it have many use . it be small enough to put in a purse , camera bag , laptop case , etc. . it work great to clean in between the computer key and pick 's up dust very well . i would recommend this product to everyone and it also make a great gift for that person who you do not know what to get they . the price be good also . give yourself a treat and get one . you will not be dissatisfy with it . i do not work for the company or amazon . carolyn salt lake city , ut .
146	Vacuum	POS	5	this sweeper be easy to use out of the box ! the 18v power be a marked improvement over previous compete unit . unit hold charge for a reasonbly long time , allow a useful work time . excellent on hard floor , very good for `` in-between '' cleaning of short nap carpet . clean of the filter\/dirt trap mechanism be quite easy . not difficult to open and empty , or wash the filter . be innitially hesitant to wash filter , but when we do , it come out clean , and dry quickly . we definitely have cleaner floor , more frequent touch up .
195	Vacuum	POS	4	i just purchase this item from my local brandsmart for $ 74 , and needless to say , i be quite impressed . compare to other expensive brand that i have own or research , this vacuum 's performance exceed my basic carpet and floor cleaning demand . i actually do not have to wear a dust mask to vacuum , sneeze , cough or sniffle . the carpet even appear cleaner make it easier for my bissel carpet steam cleaner to do its job without be clog up with dust leave behind by poor-functioning vacuum cleaner of the past . assembly of this product be quite easy . it literally take my hubby 5 min to screw in 2 screw at the back and assemble the additional detachable cleaning handle . it be very light for a small woman , like myself , to push and carry up and down the stair . the noise level be mediocre . the suction be powerful and grab up every piece of dust possible in you carpet . the efficient hepa system will leave the air clean . there be absolutely no dust cloud from this model when start up ! i notice a significant difference in air quality in my home almost immediately . so far the only con regard this item be noise level and what i believe be a engineering flaw in the multi-use function . let i explain . there be no button to shut off the air pressure push to the floor cleaner at the base when the hand-held apparatus be in use . therefore , if you decide to use the detachable handle for stair , furniture , or tight corner cleaning and do not pre-vacuum the floor area under which the base unit be rest while you clean , the one open-end loop system push air not only through the pipe lead to the hand-held apparatus , but also through the pipe lead to the base -lrb- floor cleaner -rrb- not currently in use . since there be a open hole at the base which be where the hand-held apparatus be design to be store while the base floor unit be in use , the air to the base now have no place to go but through the open hole and into the atmosphere of you home . this result in the dirt on you floor spew out off the hose detachment at the base . the key be to either stuff the hole with a rag to create a closed circuit system and thus force all air to the hand-held apparatus instead . you can also just remember to clean the floor area in which the base will be rest as you clean the step , furniture , etc. prior to remove the hand-apparatus from the open-end pipe holder . the only reason that i be not give this product 5 star be because like any other home appliance , it be the long-term product performance and longevity of the equipment itself that will be the ultimate determining factor . i strongly recommend buy this vacuum cleaner .
70	Vacuum	POS	5	i try 3 other brand return two and keep this one . the reason be it have more power and you can do at least 2000 sq with the thing versus the competition . i highly suggest it !
740	Vacuum	POS	5	ever buy a product and out of the box it seem right from the start . well if you have not , then you might want to try this baby . yes , it be a upright and maybe a bit , just a bit on the heavy side , but the suction that this baby , or maybe i should say tiger produce be absolutely amazing . i really think this be because of the great design of keep the suction pipeline as straight as possible till be get to the bag , and also coupling that with a powerful motor and great rotate brush . it all combine for great pickup and powerful cleaning . the combination of a well design filter bag and hepa filtration system also keep much of the excess dust\/allergens down while operate the vacuum . eureka have do its homework on this upright include the power hand tool which work good in do stair and take hair off of furniture . it would probably work fine on car carpet detail , but i have not try it there yet . filter bag and belt be available at many location and at reasonable price . many of the criticism of this machine be not deserve and be most likely cause by not read the manual and understand how the machine function and also by not keep the machine clean and the filter change when necessary . in simple word , lazy people do not usually get good result when they refuse to maintain the very machine that be responsible for do the cleaning . change filter bag earlier , not later than recommend , clear debris if the suction be decrease , change or blow out the hepa filter frequently and watch for unusual wear on the belt . this vacuum usual retail around $ 200 but i be able to pick it up for $ 133.00 with free shipping . after vacuum the carpet about three time i have notice how much cleaner they appear and how much more the nap of the carpet seem to stand up . if you be use to just run the heck out of a machine without periodic service and care then no vacuum will last or work for you . take care of it , do what the instruction say , and it will be a fantastic cleaner for you . i give this vacuum 6 star out of five because it work way better than it should . now , for the rest of the story . i be 67 year old and my wife still work full time and i be retire . i do most if not all of the vacuuming and do the entire house about 3 time a week . with this vacuum , i actually enjoy use the machine . thanks eureka for a fine product .
745	Vacuum	POS	5	i order this vacuum on tue use the free shipping offer for the holiday & it arrive on fri. . ca not beat that for fast ! the vacuum be amazing at clean hard surface floor . the turn off feature for the brush make cleaning tile & hardwood wonderful , because it do not throw it back out . really do a great job on carpet as well .
888	Vacuum	POS	5	i find the one to do its job . finally . this vacuum car cleaner really help i to keep my inside car clean all the time . start and finish cleaning in 5 min . not bad at all . what else you can ask for ????
277	Vacuum	POS	5	suck up everything i need it to . easy to use , assemble , and love : - -rrb- -lrb- it be a weensy bit big for my nyc apartment but it be nice and sturdy and , i be guess , will last i a long time . -rrb-
497	Vacuum	POS	4	i just get my vacuum and i really like it . i think it be quiet compare to my old hoover and the suction be really great . it pull the carpet up in the well-worn place so it be all plush look again ! it be very easy to push . i hate vacuum but i actually have fun . the only reason i give this 4 star instead of 5 star be because the foot pedal to release the handle be really hard to push . it sound like it be crack everytime . also , the area to wrap\/store the electric cord be a bit unhandy . i have only use it for the first time tonight , but so far , so good .
948	Vacuum	POS	5	i order the carpet pro cpu 2t commercial vacuum . i be look for a upright that use bag and be preferably self-propelled . this one do not say it be self-propelled , but it feel like it be - i have thick shaggy carpet and it be a breeze ! i have a oreck xl classic that be difficult for i to push on the carpet . i be so happy with this vacuum ! i could not decide which carpet pro to get - this one have a thicker cord -lrb- commercial -rrb- , but i do not feel like it be too thick or cumbersome . the vacuum be not too heavy for i . this model do not come with the headlight in front but i do not think i need that . i think the cpu 1 come with the light . this model come with some on board accessory - 2 piece extend wand , crevice tool , and a little dust brush accessory that i just use to clean some vent . it do not come with the wide broom-like brush though . it come with a bag inside which be great . now i have to order some more bag -lrb- riccar 2000 , 4000 or simplicity 5000,6000 or riccar hepa -rrb- . i really recommend this vacuum - it be hard to find a good one . i do not mind the color - it be different . it do say `` commercial '' on the base . it feel sturdy but not too bulky with metal bottom plate and brush roll . i think i would have be happy with any of the carpet pro model . this one have a 10 amp motor . it feel quite powerful and do a great job . the carpet look clean and fluffy now . the instruction book say this vacuum automatically adjust to different carpet height . i would recommend this vacuum for carpet\/rugs - not hardwood floor . i use a different vacuum -lrb- my little oreck -rrb- on the hardwood .
122	Vacuum	POS	5	dollar for dollar this be the best bet for a hepa vacuum . it be heavy but it have a wide swath and suck like crazy . on a bare floor it suck so strongly that it can even get stick suck and it take a strong nudge to break it loose . come with a extra belt and a extra hepa filter . the foot lever for unlatch the vacuum from a standing to lower be `` stiff '' which cold lead to break ... however if you examine it closely it actually be a lever that do not move down but out and away from the machine -- once you know this you will `` trip '' it differently with you foot , push it outward and away form the machine ... thus avoid break this plastic piece . it carry all piece on board include the nifty spinning-brush hand tool for stair and chair . nice machine -- goodbye old hoover !
829	Vacuum	POS	5	i have go through 6 cleaner in about 6 year . could not find a machine that do a good job ... until now . this machine be great and the price be very reasonable .
490	Vacuum	POS	5	a fantastic portable vacuum . great for all surface and for people who do not have much room to roll around a vacuum cleaner or take it up and down stair . it wear like a messenger bag , and then you just start vacuum ! the on\/off switch be right on the handle . with 11 foot ceiling , i be able to reach into any crevice with this powerful device . i would suggest get the vacuum bag .
101	Vacuum	POS	5	i be so happy with this vacuum . it be a excellent vacuum at such a great price . i have a small condo and do not need a fancy and expensive vacuum . this bissell vacuum do a great job in my house .
513	Vacuum	POS	5	we have have this vacuum for about 3 week now and be happy with it so far . it replace a 6 year old panasonic which go south . it be noticeably heavier than we older vacuum , but i tend to use it more than my wife , so it be not a big deal for i . i may have to carry it up the stair for she though . assembly be limited and easy , and it have good suction . no regret , would buy again .
144	Vacuum	POS	4	- very good item for the price ! works great for a hand hold item ! also great that you do not have to worry about the battery die cuz it run off you cigarette lighter ! great product !!!
363	Vacuum	POS	5	i be so glad i buy the eureka 4870mz boss smart-vac with the pet paw ! oh my goodness , it perform much better than my previous , much more expensive , vaccum ! it clean so incredibly well - great suction . and the powerpaw and hose be extremely powerful as well ! i have review vaccum for month before pick this one and boy do i ever make the right choice ! it be the same heaviness as any heavy-duty vaccum . i finally make a good-buy !!!
646	Vacuum	POS	4	i need this to get white dog hair off my black carpet seat . overall it help and i be impressed with the result from this quite little vac , but it would never work as well as my old shop vac .
783	Vacuum	POS	5	we only recently get this vacuum , not this specific model but all of the s7 share the same basics , and so far be thoroughly impressed . to use a analogy , this vacuum feel like move up from a run of the mill car to a luxury car . my old hoover windtunnel be okay , just never really impressed i with its ease of use nor cleaning ability -- in a word , it be adequate . comparatively , the s7 be very impressive and feel like a big step up as it should for 2x the price of we old hoover . -- very quiet for a vacuum -lrb- note still too loud to enjoy tv next to but quiet for a vacuum -rrb- ; also the sound be sort of like a turbine , smoother and less rough then other vacuum i have use -- good cleaning ability -- best i ever have but i have no experience with other high price vacuum -- very smooth and easy to maneuver -lrb- swivel head and all direction wheel -- all upright vacuum should have this -rrb- -- fully seal system -- convenient , well think out feature -lrb- ex . the wand for the hose be permanently attach and extend with a button push , no more have to grab multiple wand attachment off the vacuum -rrb- the only drawback , which be not a issue to i as my last vacuum be fairly heavy as well , be the weight . a smaller person may prefer a lightweight vacuum which this be not . the well place carry handle make it pretty easy to haul around though .
665	Vacuum	POS	4	i think maybe potential purchaser would like to know that the fhv1200 flex vac run for a little over seven minute continuously before the motor start to slow down and lose power . -lrb- never run a nicd power product completely dead , some of the battery cell will `` reverse '' and be permanently damage . -rrb- the time to fully recharge after run the vac this long be about 20 hour -lrb- figure a full day to keep it simple -rrb- . the charger be a small wall adapter type . i think the power be very good for a rechargeable vacuum -lrb- a little more than you average `` dustbuster '' -rrb- . as a example , it will easily suck up cat litter , small pebble , and pot soil , but will have trouble suck up a glass marble or penny . i do not think mine be too loud . it have that high speed `` whine '' sound combine with the sound of rush air , but the combination be somewhat muffle . it definitely do not sound weak . it almost sound like a corded vac . the fhv1200 smaller than you might expect , and the build quality be very good . i be not normally fond of black and decker , but i like this little machine . ... and the blue led charge light be cool ! minus one star because it take a looooong time to recharge ...
311	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this vacuum a couple of month ago when we hoover -lrb- that be quite expensive -rrb- break after only 3 year . at that point i decide that i do not want to buy another expensive vacuum if we be go to have to replace they that often . i look around and compare the review for quite a few . i decide on this one because i want a bagless vacuum that be adjustable for hardwood floor and carpet . this one seem to have the best review for the price . i think the attachment that come with this one would be convenient as well . i think this vacuum be really good - it have a lot of suck power , just as much as my old cleaner . i do have to empty it frequently , but i think that be normal just for the rug that we have in we house . my biggest complaint be the stretchy hose that you use with the attachment - it do not stretch well and end up tip over the cleaner pretty often . i can tell a little bit of a difference in the quality of certain thing compare to we hold hoover - for example the plastic wheel on this one do not seem as good as my old cleaner , but i do not really care about that as long as they do not break and it continue to do it be primary job which be clean the floor . one of the best feature be that it will lay down flat and i can get it all the way underneath the coffee table and the bed , which i have never be able to do with any other cleaner . i also like that it be much more lightweight than my old vacuum which make it easier for i to get up the stair with it . i would definitely recommend this to anyone look for a new vacuum cleaner as good value for the money spend .
920	Vacuum	POS	5	i really like this light vacuum cleaner because it be : - convenient - light - versatile -lrb- can be easily use to vacuum inside car or to blow leave out of the garage and patio -rrb- - cheap and because it have a long cord . i wish i could find a more elaborate portable model with : - retractable cord - cushion shoulder strap - easier to remove dust compartment - more suction power . i would not recommend it for deep cleaning . this be perfect for everyday cleaning if you use a stronger vacuum from time to time .
928	Vacuum	POS	4	a little heavy , but reach all the crack and crevice and seem to have good suction
91	Vacuum	POS	4	most convenient aspect be the portability of this vacuum cleaner . store easily in trunk and plug into 12v outlet of car . it do a adequate job of clean seat , around dashboard and floor mat . good value .
509	Vacuum	POS	5	we recently purchase the twist when a 3 year-old bissell fail . we do considerable research online & consider various review in the process . because we have a labrador retriever with pet-hair issue , we target dyson & miele as the best probable solution . we go to a local dealer & test both head-to-head . the miele pick up test debris that the dyson do not , so we choose the twist model price well-below dyson 's comparable model . we could not be more pleased with the selection . it pick up everything & change a bag may be a add expense , but it be so much easier & neater than dump a dust cannister . the miele make the carpet look & `` feel '' much cleaner & more like-new , & do a far-superior job to previous vacuum on bare wood floor . the only challenge be to figure out the easiest way to clean stair , but once master , it be not a problem . you will definitely pay more for the miele , but it be a superior performer & with separate motor for the beater-brush & the suction , it be pretty much guarantee to last far longer than other less-expensive variety . give the miele a test & you 'll be convince as to its quality .
634	Vacuum	POS	5	buy it ! it be fantastic ! i use this vacuum everyday and love it . it seem like it may be a little bulky when i first pull it out of the box but it do not take up too much space next to the wall where i keep it charge and it be easy to use on all surface .
196	Vacuum	POS	5	my boyfriend specifically request this as a birthday gift this year and he be be absolutely loving it ! it come with a nice bag to store it in and it be small enough to store in the trunk of you car if you want .
251	Vacuum	POS	4	i get this vacuum for my fav . drive , since it go through a lot of abuse like camping and frequent visit to crystal beach with friend . have trouble clean all that sand every time , especially if you be finicky about you drive , so long story short , this vacuum as i call it cyclone , have a powerful motor , with rpm 's better then most of the handy vacuum on market . the pivot nose be a great help since it reach tough space ... the power cord be long enough to reach far end ... . and can be hook up to you cigarette lighter port ... powerful enough to suck penny so be careful ... . though a bit over prize toy ... but worth buying ... ...
565	Vacuum	POS	5	i have a carpet and a cat and this vacuum be amazing ive have more expensive but they do not compare to this vacuum . it be a little more bulky then most vacuum out now but i highly recommen this for anyone with pet
3	Vacuum	POS	4	i purchase this vacuum about 2 month ago . it work well . it pick up the dog hair , too . the only thing i do not like about it be the onboard tool . some fall off while vacuum and one of the place hold one of the tool have break so the tool do not fit on the vacuum anymore . i do not have the problem of it be too heavy as mention in other review . if you set the vacuum for the appropriate carpet height , the weight of push the vacuum be not a issue . for the price it be a great vacuum . i would purchase it again .
866	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a excellent vacuum however it be very heavy . be of short statue and not very strong my husband usually do the vacuum since we buy this . it take off forward very easily but be very hard when pull it back . `` it probably pick up better than any vacuum i have ever have tho and i have have alot in my 65 year . '' i highly recommend this . it even pick up tiny thread that be always on my quilt studio floor .
906	Vacuum	POS	4	i lv this handheld vacuum ! do the job perfect . i use it on the base board , to clean up cat litter , on the floor , around the window , and in the car . light weight , easy to use . the charge could last a little longer , but i have just get in the habit of plug it in for recharge after each use . all the attachment be great . would definitely recommend .
912	Vacuum	POS	4	the suction and maneuverability of the vacuum be terrific . the paw attachment be wonderful for stair and furniture . my only complaint be that the handle be a little too low . i be about 5 ' 10 '' and it cause some minor lower back uncomfortableness . also , it do not lay down flat enough to get completely under the coffee and end table . my old vacuum would lay completely flat . it be just a minor inconvenience . i would also like a longer electric cord and a attachment to make the hose longer . those be just thing i be spoil on with my old vacuum . otherwise , i be completely happy . it be not too loud and the weight be good . i can easily carry it up and down the stair .
698	Vacuum	POS	5	i have be search for a great vacuum cleaner with a reasonably price , and this thing , be the best . it clean thing soooooooo efficient that the price be extremely cheap for the result you get after use this vacuum cleaner . i love it !
882	Vacuum	POS	5	i adore the eureka boss ! it work like no vacuum i have ever use . the power of the brush make it move practically on its own and it pick up dirt , pet hair and all manner of debris with no problem . we have 2 cat , a dog and a 6 year old boy so i have get to test its ability with sand , small rock , small stick - you name it . there be several thing to remember when use the vacuum - like remember to switch from the hose set to the floor setting , and remember to lock the brush in the ` on ' position - but once you get use to it there be no problem . i think the switch to turn on the brush be really difficult until i realize that it slide right into place when you have tilted the handle back . and when you put the handle back upright , it disengage the brush so you have to remember to turn it back on again . i also read a review that say this vacuum be loud and heavy but i disagree . it be about the same weight as my old dirt devil and not nearly as loud . i also read that people have trouble tilt the handle back . i do , too , until i realize that the foot button go to the side , not to the back like other vacuum . i love that all the attachment be secure on the body of the vacuum . i do not have to worry about knock they off . on my old machine i eventually just take the attachent off entirely because i get tire of pick they up . my favorite thing about this vacuum be the pet paw . those 2 cat and dog that i mention love to sleep on the funiture . it use to take i a lot of time with a lint brush and towel to just get the hair off . but with the pet paw the hair be go in minute and so be the dust from the furniture .
337	Vacuum	POS	4	i have a hoover portapower before that last 20 year and i love it , so i want to purchase another one again . the old one still work but the hose break -lrb- run over by car -rrb- and the bag be break . i do like the new vacuum . it have good suction and lot of attachment and a nice long cord . the only thing i do not like be that the hose be too short , and everytime i vac the whole canister move and hit i in the leg . so , i usually just hold it in my hand , or it have a shoulder strap . pick up pet hair and work well on hardwood floor and be very light .
25	Vacuum	POS	4	heavier than i think 10 lb would be - i weigh it & 10 lb . awkward to empty the dust\/dirt . do do well on floor & rugs\/carpet for a in-between vacuum but do not get edge as well as i hope . i have only use a few time but the battery seem to charge ok -lrb- have read some complaint -rrb- . i buy this for a quick pick up & to use on the patio rug where i do not use my house vacuum . it do bend easily go under thing but still do not get the edge . i have mostly wood floor and have to be careful when release to open - it pop open & will make dent in wood floor . it be now 2\/11\/11 . the battery be still charge just fine . all of the filter system do require wash every few month if you use frequently . i have a puppy , live in fl -lrb- sandy even in the grass -rrb- so many trip in & out of the house . it seem to be a fine for in between clean up before regular vacuuming & do a nice job on the patio rug & floor . i have find hit the edge from the front end , then side do work better - just a little more effort . still overall pleased with the purchase .
293	Vacuum	POS	5	seriously , not much to say that all the user -lrb- and vacuum repairman -rrb- have not already ... this be the best vacuum that i have ever use , hand down . i do a lot of research and consider all of the very expensive wind-tunnel , canister , and bag-less system , but `` carpet pro '' keep pop up everywhere . the final straw be when i go to a vacuum store and repair shop and after about 20 minute of talk to the technician about the top of the line eureka and dyson unit , i tell he that i be tire of buying , repair , and replace vacuum . i ask he what to buy if i simply want a well-working vacuum that will be the last vacuum i spend money on . he reply be two unit , the carpet pro and another brand which cost in the region of $ 700 for the entry model . he state that both unit be `` truly professional '' -lrb- and not just a ordinary vacuum with the word `` professional '' write on it , in the case of the carpet pro -rrb- and each be design for very aggressive daily use , such as to be use by a cleaning service or theater employee . they be not design for they feature or marketing trick , but for longevity and quality . if the repairman can compare this vacuum to a $ 700 unit , then i be all-in at just over two hundred dollar . important note : this vacuum be rate lower power than many other compete model , but the carpet pro have far more suction , i can personally attest . this thing will suck you carpet off the ground , not a exaggeration . my very messy carpet in my art room look nearly \* brand new \* after i vacuum with this unit . if i have picture , you still would not believe it . this unit be very solid and the picture do not do justice . this unit be build extremely well in germany , and consider that this unit have a real stainless steel beater bar -lrb- the rolling-pin-looking thing that hit the carpet , dislodge dirt -rrb- , stainless ball bearing for the bar , and the overall build quality make this unit a clear winner . no , there be no fancy vortex and you have to use a bag , but there be not a vortex vacuum on the market that could compete with this unit . i dare you to find another make of vacuum that include stainless bearing , let alone one with a stainless steel -lrb- or just \* metal \* -rrb- beater-bar for anywhere in this price range . most vacuum use plastic beater-bar -lrb- or rarely wood , if you be lucky -rrb- and they have a press rod through the center of the bar , through which it spin . these will eventually melt and become loose ; rattle on the rod and in the compartment . not the carpet pro , which have dedicate seal stainless steel bearing and the entire bar be metal , not just the metal rod that go through the plastic beater-bar , like that of the competitor . another thing to note , clear plastic be much more brittle than color plastic , and also much more prone to be damage or discolor by uv like that which come from the sun . most competitor use clear plastic that feel light , flimsy , and cheap , apparently to show you that the unit be work and to give the impression of it be more technical than it truly be . also realize that a lot of money be spend by the manufacturer to make they product look like it be technologically advance . money be not only spend on the design and r+d , but also in have to mold plastic in fancy , complicated , design and color to give that appearance . but this actually hurt the durability and longevity of they product and cost you more to buy the unit . the carpet pro use a very rigid and thick color a.b.s. high impact plastic that do not flex or feel light . instead , it feel like i could whack this thing with a baseball bat and it would not break . it also feel like it be design for function and then wrap in this strong plastic . most of the other unit look like they be design and function come after . bottom line be that the carpet pro , from a distance or picture , look like a very cheap , generic vacuum . however as soon as you get closer , touch it , or even use it , you will know the difference . anyway , the technician be ask $ 400 for the unit and if he would have lower he price to $ 300 dollar , i would have buy it through he . however , i be able to buy it on amazon for 207 include s + h. if i have no other choice , i would have be happy pay the $ 400 after own this vacuum for about 6 month . search thoroughly ... read all review of this vacuum on amazon and throughout the internet . if you want marketing and a fancy-looking vacuum , buy elsewhere . if you want something that will last the rest of you life , build better , and also perform better than almost any vacuum on the planet , this be you answer .
210	Vacuum	POS	5	it be pretty rare when i would rate a product with 5 star but the roomba or simon as we call it in we house , have make we life so much easier . yes it do have its drawback in that you need to clean the brush , empty the canister and it only will do so much square footage on one charge but overall it be a great product ,
804	Vacuum	POS	5	i receive this for christmas and have probably use it everyday since . we have hardwood\/vinyl flooring throughout we main level and 2 toddler , so there be always dust , crumb , etc. to be sweep up . it work wonderfully on the area rug too . i use to use a cord stick vac -lrb- ~ $ 15 -rrb- but would never go back after use this . so much easier and do a much better job ! one of the best thing i own !!
113	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the item i be look for to easily clean the nook and cranny of my higher cabinet , in the crevice everywhere my large vacuum can not get to even with accessory . it empty neatly and have double filter , one washable and one replaceable . it be perfect for my lazy-susan cupboard , just can not get the big wand in there , this little nozzle fit the tight area just fine . it be very light in weight , so it be liftable onto a ladder . glad i get it . also , i accidently press the submit button twice and get the second one , which i 'll give to my daughter-in-law .
282	Vacuum	POS	4	we buy this to use at the beach house . it have great suction , and work like a dream . it be heavier than i expect , but that would not stop i from buy another one .
538	Vacuum	POS	5	be look for a good quality vaccum for the new car . trust this brand since i have a few of they other product . this really be a great buy and good quality vaccum , pick up just about everything , be relatively quiet and nicely compact . would recommend to everyone .
946	Vacuum	POS	5	we have a mix of tile , hardwood and carpet in we home . we also have two cat . this little vacuum really go above and beyond . we be consider buy a very expensive vac , and i decide to purchase this item instead . the cost be reasonable enough that if it do not work too well it could still be use for small job . well , we have use this little gem as we primary vacuum for the past month or so , and it be great . it be easy to use and get all the way into the corner of carpeted stair , room , and under bed . it be quite versatile and as long as we be consistent in empty it , i think it will last a good , long time .
792	Vacuum	POS	4	pro : - battery last a good amount of time - give the context of what it be intend for . you be not suppose to vacuum you whole house just clean up little mess . - good suction - love the flexible tube when compare to other handheld `` dustbuster '' . there be no comparison . con : - only one but it be a big one ! it come with a `` brush '' attachment that be only half a brush !? if you be to imagine look at the end of the attachment , instead of see a brush in the shape of a `` o '' , it be in the shape of a `` c '' . what this mean be that it create little if any suction with the brush attachment . which be a real bummer because it would make a great portable duster if it have a normally design brush head like full size vacuum . i prefer to vacuum dusty thing rather than use a duster and kick dust up into the air where it will come right back down , or wipe it with a moist rag because it usually push dust into crevice of electronics -lrb- like the edge around tv 's -rrb- . what be baffling be it come with a funky rubber attachment that do not seem very functional at all , and i have never see before with any other vacuum ... but no real brush head . and unfortunately unlike many other other vacuum , the tube size be not universal . i try a couple of other brush head with no success .
423	Vacuum	POS	5	read a number of review of different vacuum from various site . this one seem to have the right combination of quality and performance - even though the price be a bit higher than you average vacuum . we have not be disappoint . just unpack it you can immediately tell it be a quality product and well design . it be much more powerful than the oreck upright we be replace - and amazingly quiet . it be also very easy to use and maneuver - the body easily `` twist '' to make tight turn , and also lay flat to get under bed , etc. . the attachment it come with be fine , but we do wind up also buy a `` parquet floor '' brush attachment , as we have a fair amount of hardwood floor . there be several similar model of this vacuum - all seem to have the same motor , just different `` auto feature '' , etc. . also this model come with a filter , but not a hepa filter . a new filter be include in each order of replacement bag . my understanding be that you can replace the `` standard '' filter w \/ a hepa if desire . i think on some of the more expensive model , the hepa come standard . the only slight negative , mention by several other , be that this vacuum be a bit heavier than we previous -lrb- and i assume than average vac -rrb- . this only come into play when carry it around - not in operation . we do not find it a problem at all for we usage , and we have three level to deal with . just want to include that comment in case it be a issue for other . overall a excellent vacuum that i believe will serve we very well for many year . definitely a case of you get what you pay for - imo it be well worth it .
326	Vacuum	POS	4	good price . great for pet owner . lot of suction and lighter than my old eureka boss . only drawback be a smaller than average bag and a very short attachment hose . recommend the metro vac flexible hose replacement , it fit the carpet pro vacuum perfectly even though it be make for a pet dryer . do not spend the extra money buy a full attachment set with piece you already have when all you need be a bit of extra hose ! replacement bag be the a type . owner manual only list a part number !
479	Vacuum	POS	4	so far , so good ... never have one before so it look good for a beginner ! a little big and heavy , , but low noise and easy to use
22	Vacuum	POS	4	i really like this vacuum , it work great . after own it for a year the battery need to be replace . there be only 2 of we so i vacuum 1-2 time a week , in a average size house , i think it be a little premature for this to be a issue . the suction be great , the noise level be acceptable and the portability be awesome , just think the battery issue should not be a issue .
481	Vacuum	POS	4	i really like this vacuum . it be easy to assemble , very light , and pick up every inch of dog hair . my other vacuum stop work properly and the first time i use this , it fill both bin with dirt . we be allergy sufferer so i wash the filter after each use ... which be a pain . i do not realize i have to do this before i purchase it or i would have re-considered but i really do like it . i sweep off my furniture and it pick up dirt on the carpet really well too .
727	Vacuum	POS	5	i have no idea where the bad review be come from , people must be expect a house vacuum cleaner haha . this vacuum work perfect for a vehicle . the suction be very good ... it even pick up penny , dime , and small rock on the carpet . i would recommend this highly
167	Vacuum	POS	5	i have own this vacuum for a few year and i have find it to be the absolute best cordless vacuum . it hold its charge , it do not get clog -lrb- provide you clean out the filter regularly , and it have a good power level that allow i to do spot cleaning . we have adult child , grandchild , pet that shed , and even some messy adult in we household -- and this vacuum be perfect for clean up after they without have to lug out the big vacuum . i like this product so much that i just buy two more for my kid who be in college . in previous year they bring other version of cordless vacuum to they dorm , but they never last . i be confident that this little vaccum will do the job and even return home with they in may .
412	Vacuum	POS	5	this machine replace a much older eureka with the beater bar brush from the 60,2 \/ 70 's . . three 20 by 20 room and they look clean ... i pull out 1\/3 bag of dust ... wow ... double wow ... 12 amp and the light kind of dim but this baby suck ... buy it but have you husband run it ... not for weak lady ... this machine have be design to clean deep and remove that 80 pound of dust a house generate each year ... you want result you need hardware and this machine have it ... big feature be the wand to clean the corner and edge of carpet ... the hepa filter be just the best ... no stink from last year dust and dirt ... this machine be a real value ... buy buy buy it now ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
524	Vacuum	POS	5	my wife and i have have this vacuum for at least 2 year , and maybe even 3 , and have be very happy with it . it still have great suction , and work just as well as when we buy it . we have 2 chihuahua in we place , so keep up with they fur seem like a full time job , but this have be great . i do not know if i would recommend this for someone climb up and down stair , because it can be heavy , but in we single story flat it work great . give that we could have spend many time more on a vacuum , i can say several year later that i be very pleased with we purchase !
386	Vacuum	POS	5	overall this do the trick for i . i use it solely to keep my new car clean . i use it once a week and so far no problem . seem to be do a good job .
187	Vacuum	POS	5	great vacuum for the price . i be extremely pleased with this purchase . the vacuum have a great amount of power and the attachment provide make it possible to clean any surface . amazingly fast shipping as well .
833	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the second vacuum i have buy . that should say how much i like these vacuum . very impressive pick up power for a portable . plenty of juice for small accident and to pick up after the dog . bought second one for the camper . unless you get a dud , i do not see why anyone would not be happy with this vac .
136	Vacuum	POS	4	i get this vacuum a couple day ago and have use it a couple of time . this be my first bagless vacuum , so i be excite to try it out . i really like it . it pick up a ton of dirt and dust from we area rug and the brush attachment come in handy on the bathroom mat . really , that be all i need to clean except for a carpeted cedar closet . everything else where i be rent be tile and hardwood floor , which be great since we live near the beach and have 2 cat . thus , i want a good vacuum which would not break the bank . this seem to fit the bill . will it hold up as well as my hand i down sharp ? -lrb- yes , sharp and not shark -- do not think they make they anymore or i might have go with they -rrb- . only time will tell . but for the price , i do like it . have not try to clean the filter yet , so i can not speak as to how much of a pain that might be either . i do dump it out a couple of time . i do not have too much trouble and do not spill a lot of stuff as other suggest . unless you wait until it get really full to empty it , it should not be a issue . then again , to be fair , i know it be easier say than do if you have a large area to clean . i be lucky that i have a small area . this vacuum seem to suit i well and i be really hope it hold up . we be hope to buy we first home in 1-2 year , so carpet may be in my future yet . i be hope to take it with i for a few year before look into a dyson perhaps .
67	Vacuum	POS	5	i purchase my second oreck a month ago ... i decide i want to keep my first one downstairs and not have to bring it up and downstairs ... my 2nd oreck be a commercial model ... almost vacuum by itself ... so very lightweight ... i love it ... i clean house for my daughter who be go through chemo ... she have a dyson ... i have a backache for at least a day after use that vacuum ... sure do appreciate the light weightness of the oreck ... but be have alot of `` suck '' power ... highly recommend this vacuum !!!!!
719	Vacuum	POS	5	absolutely love this product . easy to program , easy to use , work fabulously . even after use a standard vacuum cleaner , this little robot still come back with more . have make a real difference clean up hair from we two cat .
835	Vacuum	POS	4	we have have this for a few month now . i read the review before purchase and be concern about the battery `` issue . '' yeah . it do not last more than 5 + minute . but you know what ? i actually use it more because of that . somehow know that i 'll be guarantee do with vacuum in a little over 5 minute encourage i to grab this puppy up and swing it around a bit on a daily basis wherever it be need most . it do not take forever to recharge , so if i be do a lot of cleaning , i 'll use it , throw it on the charger and use it again later . it be not too noisy . have brush on and brush off feature , so you can turn the brush off for the hardwood floor -lrb- otherwise the brush kick the small bit of whatever behind the vacuum and not into the vacuum -- all vacuum do that -rrb- . canister empty easily . easy to clean the filter . one flaw -lrb- at least on mine -rrb- -- you really have to pay attention when you put it back in the charger . it be kind of finicky . if you do not get it just right and make sure the charge light come on , it will not seat properly and you 'll come back later to a dead vacuum . and then you will not be able to vacuum ... so take the karma cue and have a cup of tea instead .
925	Vacuum	POS	4	vacuum work great , push easily , and fold down quite flat for get under furniture . the only negative be that the hose be too short . it be state to be 6 ft , but be really more like 4 . i solve this issue by buy the deluxe attachment kit which come with a ridiculously long hose -lrb- 15ft -rrb- . although it be somewhat obnoxious , i love it because i can vacuum all corner and ceiling of a room without move the vacuum . the attachment kit cost i ~ $ 50 , luckily i get a clearance deal on the vacuum to make this worthwhile .
68	Vacuum	POS	5	i live in a apartment complex and i do not have a option for use my floor vac for my car and with a 2 yr old my car get messy almost every week . i clean my car atleast once in 2 week . i try many different vacuum -lrb- cordless , cord , cheapone and expensive once -lrb- $ 50 + -rrb- but i end up return each one of they for many different reason . but b&d; pav1200w be the best auto vacuum you can have , it just take about 5 min for i to vacuum my car . i most use it with brush attachment as i get carpet mat and it work really good . only thing that i do not like very much be clean the filter take some effort but i be just fine with that too .
305	Vacuum	POS	4	i do ton of research before buy this at best buy . the only reason i do not buy it through amazon be how long it be go to take to be ship to i at the time . it be a bit heavy , but when you be use it the suction be so strong that it actually pull itself some ! anyway some people complain about the powerpaw but it work great for i . sometimes the plastic attachment be a bit difficult to put in they storage area but i really have to say after six month of usage with kid and pet this vacuum work like a champ . i have have other more expensive model that be no where in the same league as this one . its a workhorse !
675	Vacuum	POS	5	i purchase this as a gift for my daughter . she have 2 dog and 2 child and she be very happy with its performance .
826	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum work great . better than any dyson at a fraction of the cost . i be amaze at how much more fine particle it pick up . stock up on bag because they fill fast . a few issue to consider though : - it be big and heavy - i wish the cord be a little longer - the belt do not last long the biggest issue be the belt . get plenty of replacement , they only last a few month of light use . the belt be not what i expect , not a thick rubbery belt like other i have use . they be thin and not very elastic at all . plus they be hard to find at hardware or discount store .
162	Vacuum	POS	5	works well ... have 5 dog , have back surgery , fill in the gap nicely between maid visit ... get the correct replacement filter
66	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the 2 ` nd vacuum i have ever own . i have a studio apartment so there be never a need to have a huge vacuum since i do not have a lot of space . my stick vacuum finally kick the bucket so , i need a new one . i come across this vacuum and be go to order from target but decide to order from amazon since they offer free shipping . let i first say that i order this on a thursday and it be deliver on saturday ! after open the box assembly take about 10 minute -lrb- easy & clear instruction -rrb- . once i start clean i could not believe my eye . compare to my other vacuum this thing be amazing ! it pick up everything on my rug , kitchen , & bathroom floor . i do not have the chance to use the attachment but , i be sure they will come in handy in the future . overall , for my need , i think this be a great purchase .
177	Vacuum	POS	5	the moment i plug this vacuum in and turn it on , i love it ! i love the fact that i be not tug on a canister behind i all around the house . i can vacuum a entire floor from one plug because of the long power chord . the suction be excellent . the motor be relatively quiet . i like the small head for vacuum in small place . i would highly recommend this vacuum to anyone with hard wood floor .
746	Vacuum	POS	4	a very big price difference between the branded product and the `` generic '' . the biggest difference between the original and the generic be in the bag 's seal mechanism where it mate to the machine dust port . the generic bag use a cardboard retain ring and closure device , and the real thing from miele be plastic . from a practical standpoint , i will purchase the generic again as there be good value in the generic replacement vesion once you get past the lack of the plastic retain ring ... they both work the same and the bag quality seem just fine . nothing to complain about . a big difference in cost ... this be good !
403	Vacuum	POS	4	i have have mine for about 2 year now and have drop it down we stair at least once , i routinely drop the handle wand thing on we concrete floor and basically do not baby the machine at all . it have have zero damage , apart from the baseboard paint scuff all over the container . this thing be build like a rock . the power head be annoy in that it `` skip '' when be pull backward on low pile carpet . i do not know if that be avoidable . the `` 3 speed '' on the vacuum be also annoy in that it default to the medium speed anytime you unplug . i will admit that there be rare instance where i will not want full suction , but hey who in the world do not wan the vacuum to suck at high power pretty much all the time ? that kind of annoy i . other than that , i love it , and i must say that it be worth the price . every other vacuum i have have have have moderate or complete damage after a few year . this be go strong . i do wish the cord be longer . of course it vary by one 's house size , but i always seem to need 10 more foot on the cord .
249	Vacuum	POS	5	the title say it all . we live in alaska , we have 4 boy and a long-haired dog , and this vacuum keep up with all of it . consumer reports say this vacuum be they ` best buy ' and i 'll add my vote to that . it be a awesome vacuum . i be so thrill to have it ! pro \* hepa filter \* bag -lrb- i may have to buy refill , but they be so much less messy than my bagless dustbuster ... and amazon have the bag so i just order a package with the vacuum . -rrb- \* 12 amp engine ' \* it suck like no vacuum i have ever use -- not my mom 's , not my mother-in-law 's , not my father-in-law 's shop vac , not the industrial one we use when clean the church ... i be use the hose to clean up my sewing area the other day and it pick up thread jumble and fair-sized fabric scrap without hesitation . i have warn the boy that if they do not pick up they lego or marble they will undoubtedly be eat by the vacuum ... if the intake be large enough , i think it might suck up whole article of clothing or possibly small child . \* it work beautifully on we tall carpet , short carpet , and bare floor . i do not see any dog hair leave behind , and especially the first time i use it i could hear the dirt woosh up the tube . it be quite satisfying actually . we -lrb- far-from-new rental-apartment -rrb- carpet look plusher and feel softer than it do when we move in . i would not hesitate to believe that this vacuum can extend the life of we carpeting . \* the `` power paw '' -lrb- a hose attachment with a rolling brush like the main vacuum -rrb- take all the hair off my dog 's bed . i have vacuum over that bed so many time , run the cover through the wash machine , and even just take the whole thing out and beat it ... i be fairly certain it have not be this clean since the day we bring it home . i think the paw be mean to be use on couch and upholstery , but we dog stay off the furniture so i have not test that application yet . \* this may seem silly , but i really like that the handle be a loop rather than a stick ... it make it easy to pull around -lrb- since i do not want to lift it -rrb- and it be easier to hold for the back and forth motion of vacuum ... i have have a vacuum fly right out of my hand on the forward motion before -lrb- please tell i i be not the only one who be do that ! -rrb- but that can not happen with the loop handle . con \* yep , it be heavy . i would not want to haul it up and down stair on a regular basis . so , if i ever have a house with stair , i will probably just buy a second smartboss for the other floor . \* the location of the power switch be a bit inconvenient for regular vacuuming . -lrb- it be down on the top part of the body , rather than up on the handle . -rrb- it mean i can not switch it on with the same hand i be ` drive ' with ... it be not a issue when use the hose , but it be sortof a hassle . this be the one thing that actually do bug i about this machine . \* as for the noise question ? well , i have definitely hear louder ... but the very first time i use it i be excitedly vacuum away in the bedroom and when i come out i find that my toddler have fall asleep on the couch ... so it must not be that loud !!
939	Vacuum	POS	5	my husband and i buy this handy little vacuum about six month ago and we use it almost daily . great suction , easy to empty , and the tool be extremely handy . this be the first small cordless vacuum i have ever own that have hold up to the small household chore i use it for with perfect dependability . great value for the price . would buy it again and again .
779	Vacuum	POS	4	just receive the twist . it work great . it pick up the debris nicely and it work well as you go from floor to carpet . it be a little heavier than i expect and a little louder because of the powerful motor . i think it be relatively quiet compare to the central vacuum i use in the past as well . i would recommend this vacuum to other . solid construction , easy to twist and get around all the furniture .
110	Vacuum	POS	5	very good price and very convenient way to obtain these bag . the seller be outstanding - i mistakenly list the wrong mailing address . contact the seller and offer to pay shipping when they be return . the seller cover the cost of the second shipping !!
856	Vacuum	POS	5	get it today via ups , assembly it easily and clean carpet . very happy to have carpet clean . very powerful and easy to use . if the switch on the handle , that will be more convenient .
188	Vacuum	POS	5	amazing cleaning power - and i be pretty picky about cleaning -lrb- ask my better 1\/2 -rrb- . great vac for the price . suck up dirt that we previous vac never do . easy to clean filter - dry pretty quick . kid love to see the dirt after dad vac . very light and easy to drive . purchase after read review in lead consumer magazine - they be right . no reason to spend 4 or 5x this much on any vac .
183	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this for my husband after watch he lug the big vacuum cleaner out every time he clean the inside of he car . this vacuum be great . he keep it in the trunk of he car and plug it into the outlet in the car , it clean well and the way the product be design , along with the attachment make it easy to clean every nook and cranny in the car .
880	Vacuum	POS	4	the vacumn work great . the only drawback be the weight of the machine . it would probably be best for a one floor home .
262	Vacuum	POS	5	all the preview review be right about this product . it give enough power to get all the dirt that it be in you car . i must admit , for the price , the product be axcellent and easy to clean .
796	Vacuum	POS	5	we have have the miele earth for over 1 year . it do a wonderful job on the floor and the carpet ... we have a upgrade power head . the carpet look almost new ! we take we dyson junk-ball back ; it do a lousy job on the carpet . expensive but very happy and my allergy be much better than in year past .
180	Vacuum	POS	5	as the title say , for the price this be a great vacuum . my wife and i have a 2000 sq ft house that be mostly hardwood with some carpet . it clean on both nicely . when we get the dog she want , or the kid we both want i think we may upgrade . i might be totally underestimate this though . i have yet to see how it handle pet hair , or how messy my future kid will be . plus : the canister be easy to clean . there be a adjust knob for the floor type you be vacuum . lastly , i have not have to use the add piece because simply remove the house have prove sufficient for pick up anything the base can not . the one negative i can think of ... as with most vacuum the cord be a bit of a chore . all in all , it be cheap , it work . great for light vacuuming and possibly more .
530	Vacuum	POS	5	just like everyone else say : it be somewhat heavy , but powerful and quiet . strong positive include the switch between hose mode and floor vacuuming , clear plastic that allow you to see what be happen if a problem -lrb- for example , yarn wrap around the brush , and the tool provide -lrb- tiger paw be cool and work well -rrb- . negative include the front casing -lrb- thin plastic -rrb- . i pay $ 150 for the machine , get the tiger paw and extra bag for the price , pay no tax and no shipping . seller be carmen 's vacuum of ohio , no complaint about they quick service .
208	Vacuum	POS	5	pleasantly surprised how powerful the 2nd speed ; -lrb- beater brush -rrb- , for carpet , be . great for apartment . compact , fold up , lightweight , clean under furniture , & hold a charge ! good suction , & easy to clean . just dump the dirt in the garbage . no bag . highly recommend !
809	Vacuum	POS	4	vacuum be excellent . a little on the heavy side like the other review say but a excellent value and plenty of suction . make you carpet stand right up . fast shipping and delivery make this a great transaction . excellent seller . would highly recommend both the vacuum and the seller . thanks
702	Vacuum	POS	4	it work well in the basic mode of run the nose over the car 's carpet : easy to get out and set up , plenty of suction , easy to dump the dust container , wide range of possible angle of the nose . use the additional tool be cumbersome - the brush only go on the end of the hose and the hose be rather short so clean the dashboard be a two-handed job and no matter what angle you set the nose at the body tend to bump on thing .
733	Vacuum	POS	4	the only improvement i would ask for be for it to work better on flat surface such as wood floor . the attachment be great and easily accessible . works as expect on carpet and i like the transparent collection area so i can see how well it be clean .
496	Vacuum	POS	4	i compare this product with the major retailer , the product be cheeper by 20 buck and work very well . i be happy with the product . unfortunately i dont use it any more ; move in a tile location . .
824	Vacuum	POS	5	always use the miele as it perform well but never think to look for a alternative . with the increase cost i go to the filtrete by 3m and do not like the stiff plastic inlet fitting . it leak and there be a lot of dust inside the filter compartment . the closure fitting would not close completely when remove and dispose of the bag . more dust . be now use the envirocare at a very substantial savings and have find they be every bit as good as the miele . the inlet fitting be not plastic but cardboard but work very well . not a speck of dirt inside the filter compartment . actually , if memory still serve i well the original miele be cardboard . the envirocare be the only bag that i will buy . top performance and great value .  for miele vacuums f j m -lrb- 25 bag + 10 filter -rrb-
511	Vacuum	POS	5	i be pretty skeptical , but do quite a bit of research , and discover that this vacuum be get a lot of high mark from both consumer and professional reviewer . i have spend two and three time as much for lesser machine in the past . this one be by far the best we have ever use . it suck up way more dirt than the hoovers and dysons we have have before . the only con i have notice be 1 -rrb- it do not have great on-board storage for its accessory , particularly the `` paw '' device ; 2 -rrb- if you can call this a drawback , its suction be so strong that it take a bit of effort pull it backward for the next pass . and we have to change the bag more often .
360	Vacuum	POS	5	girlfriend and i decide to replace a old hoover bag vacuum with this one . we go through all of we option include the dyson and other more expensive model . after read all of the positive review on this vacuum we decide why not give it a try and save some cash . glad we do because this vacuum suck ! ok it actually be completely rock , and we be 100 % happy with we vacuum and amazon fast delivery and no sale tax .
593	Vacuum	POS	4	i debate buy this base on the review despite own the handheld version and be extremely happy with it . we recently remove carpet and add wood flooring . we have 2 long-haired dog that shed year round . you know those lovely collection of fur bunny that form in the corner , under the chair and against the wall and cabinet ? they have multiply like rabbit and be extremely visible on the new floor . i need a fast way to get rid of they without drag out the cord vacuum twice a day . i find this unit to be all at once good , great and poor . it have a good battery life for what i use it for . i use it for 10 minute every day . i experience no loss of power or suction . i do drain the battery to see how long it work and 12-15 minute be about it . that do not sound like much but it be exactly what i need . it be great at pick up pet hair bunny and dust\/lint on my wood floor . in less than 10 minute i eliminate all the hair clutter on the wood floor around and under furniture and any misc . shed on my berber carpet traffic area . be able to go cordless from floor to carpet touchup be great ! i will say that i do not appreciate that my dog ' long fur wrap around the narrow brush as it clean . i decide that simply cut the fir off the brush after every few use work well . it sound silly but since all the fur bunny be either in the filter or wrap around the brush the job i get it for be get do ! i do need to clean the filter after every use . it be surprisingly full in only 10 minute of use . it be poor , however , at pick up debris that i would normally sweep up and get with a dustpan . if i sweep the floor first , if i have all the food crumb , etc. in one spot and if i start vacuum there , the debris be suck up just fine . if i be vacuum up fur bunny first or along with debris this unit have just enough suction to get about 50 % of the accompany debris all the way to the filter half way up the handle . it probably have to do with the hair wrap around the brush . the bottom line for we ? we actually really like it and be glad we make the purchase . my need be to battle the fur bunny daily and it do that extremely well . get fur off the top of the carpet in a snap be a bonus i do not expect . however , if i be clean up under a toddler 's high chair it probably would be send back . maybe they should put pet hair pickup in the name somewhere . it excel at that !
165	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a great little vacuum ! it be the most powerful rechargeable vacuum i have ever use . the hose be just the right length , and the attchment be just what you want for this size vacuum . it be very easy to see when it need empty , and be easy to empty . it be very lightweight , and comfortable to carry around for extend peroid of time . it be a all around great product . i be completely satisfy with the flex vac , would recommend for anyone .
714	Vacuum	POS	5	i live in a small ny studio . this vacuum be perfect . its powerful and small enough to store . definitely recommend it .
897	Vacuum	POS	4	i love this little vac . it be easy to use and store out of the way . i use it on my stair , kitchen floor , and foyer . i be pleasantly surprise with the out come ; it be just what i be look for . the only downside for i be have to empty it . it be a little awkward have to hold it over the trash to empty while the lid try to close . i think if the lid stay open while be empty it would be much better . that con be very small in comparison to what you gain from this vac .
618	Vacuum	POS	5	vacuum be very good at pick up dirt , and dog hair ! it be very easy to assemble and store .
875	Vacuum	POS	4	got to use this a few time and it do what it be suppose to . the hose attachment be the most useful but i be a little disappointed in that it be not as powerful as i hope . it basically a hand vac for a car with attachment . other than that its helpful if you can not get a regular vacuum and it do what its say . easy to clean and very portable .
193	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum cleaner suck -- but in a good way ! i really want something powerful and effective , but i be a careful shopper , which be why i have put off buy a new vacuum . i do not want spend money on something only to find out that it still do not do what i want nor do i want to overspend on a expensive vacuum when a less costly model would do . my husband and i recently look into replace we carpet that be really past its better wear but we just can not afford to do that right now so we decide to settle for a new , powerful vacuum . i want a vacuum so strong it would suck the darn pad out from underneath the carpet ! i knit a lot and the fuzzy little hair from my eyelash yarn -lrb- similar to pet hair -rrb- be very difficult to remove with we old vacuum and it be drive we both crazy ! there be so many product out there , so i read many of the amazon review and finally decide to get this one . the first time i plug it in , i could not believe how well it pick up -- fuzzy little hair and all -- even the birdseed that tend to accumulate near the back door disappear in one pass ! i be thrill ! it be relatively quiet , it be easily assemble , and i like the attachment . yes , it be rather heavy ; if one be petite , elderly , or need to get this thing up stair it could present a formidable problem . yet heavy equal powerful in this case , i get what i be hope for at a price i be willing to pay for it . because amazon 's price be lower than list , i go ahead and order a extra belt and bag because i be eventually go to need they . the foot lever that lower the handle , yes , be a little annoying , but i can live with it -lrb- work better barefoot -rrb- . do not get this item if heavy be a problem for you , but if you need a vacuum that work -- this sucker work ! i hope it do not break and that i be just as happy with it six month from now .
691	Vacuum	POS	5	wife love this machine . works prefect , quiet , and fantastic suction . love the turn knob to direct all suction to tool . we have go back to a bag type which this be because its a cleaner operation . just take the full bag out and throw away ... no messy canister to shake out and dig into try to clean out and get dirt and dust all over one self . amazon price be the lowest but i do pay for 2 day shipping because the wife need in asap du to we old sanyo vac break down .
489	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have this vacuum for 5 year and it have work fantastically . the bag be easy to change , the attachment be functional , and there be plenty of suck power . i have severe indoor allergy and i be never sniffly or runny after vacuum -- the hepa filter really work ! wonderful value for the price .
50	Vacuum	POS	5	sound level - normal , helix leave very little for hepa filter , the washable filter catch the most particle . design and ease be amazing .
863	Vacuum	POS	5	i be overwhelm with lug and carry around and fall over my old heavy vacuum cleaner , so purchase this one . it be small , light weight -lrb- 8 pound -rrb- , have three wheel and a lot of power , plus you can use the blower on the other end with or without attachment . so far , i be enjoy it very much . it clean just as well as the larger one , be very mobile and easy to lift when go up the stair .
477	Vacuum	POS	4	for a vacuum it be very quiet . - the twist feature make it very easy to maneuver - the cord , wand , and accessory tool be very well think out . they also have a quality feel to they . - the bag be the best that i have ever see . unfortunately they cost 3 time as much as most other bag . overall a great vacuum cleaner
63	Vacuum	POS	4	this be the handiest little vac that i have ever come across . i buy mine as a impulse purchase while on a camping trip and find it superb at dust all the nook and cranny in the rv . when i get home , i find it be excellent for dust the inside of cupboard and kitchen drawer -- or any drawer or cupboard for that matter . quicker and easier than wield a dust cloth . i also use it for vacuum my extensive book shelf and also my roman shades and curtain . it be lightweight and powerful . i even use it to pick up the pile of grit after i brush down my front porch and step . it be very light and even a muscle-less peewee like i do not find it heavy or bulky . all the attachment work fine . the pet hair attachment be unlike any i have ever see before , and it work terrifically in the rv , for instance , on the ground in dirt on the step and the carpet . -lrb- load of sand and coarse dirt get track into the rv , and this beat my expensive dyson at get it out . -rrb- my dog do not shed , so i can not vouch for the pet hair , but i be sure it will pick it up . i downrate it one star because the battery take a long time to charge and then work for a short time , no longer than 30 minute , if that . still , i just order another one , so i can have one both downstairs and upstairs at home and , for the camper , i 'll have one fully charge one to use when the other one have to be recharge . other than the poor battery life , this be a brilliant new design . i wonder that nobody ever think of it before . it be far better than a traditional dust buster : more versatile and more powerful .
226	Vacuum	POS	5	order from amazon , free shipping over $ 25.00 and the best price on the web . better yet i receive it the next day . i could not be happier .
846	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a must have vacuum ! my mom buy my two sister and i one over 25 year ago and we continue to use they and have give many away as gift . it be the best vacuum for hardwood floor , tile or linoleum . the suction be fantastic and since everything go straight into the bag you can pick up sand or even small piece of glass with it . it be great for clean out the car . i guarantee you will be surprise by the suction of this little hoover portapower !
83	Vacuum	POS	4	the vacuum literally arrive one day after i purchase it on line . not as good as the vacuum i have previously , but then again that vacuum be three time the price . this be a very solid vacuum .
436	Vacuum	POS	5	it be a great vacuum that have great filter to trap dirt and relatively quiet for its strong motor . it be a bit on the heavy side , but it be normal for a strong vacuum . overall i be really satisfy with the choice .
448	Vacuum	POS	5	love this vacuum cleaner !! good suction , long cord , lightweight and easy to steer . my past two vacuum have be a eureka and then a hoover windtunnel , both of which i like until they start to fall apart within a year of purchase . the wheel come off the eureka and some of the onboard tool would not stay in place as be also the case with the hoover . the on\/off switch on the hoover short out after a year and a half of use . to be fair to the manufacturer i must admit i be pretty tough on my vacuum but not to the point where they should have part fall off . i prefer bagless vacuum but be please so far with this cleaner as the dust do not seem to escape the bag when in use . i would also like a longer hose to attatch the tool to and will check to see if one be available for purchase .
495	Vacuum	POS	4	i have test this unit , and the dyson handheld , and though the dyson be still more powerful , the flex vac come in a very close second . and you just can not beat the price ! -lrb- $ 55-75 for a flex vac vs $ 175-300 for a dyson ! -rrb- unlike many handheld i have own , this unit do a great job on kitty litter ! it pick it up , and do not spit it back out . many people be complain about the battery life . i can tell you that the dyson last about as long . personally , i only use this for small job , and have yet to run out of power before i be do . the filter do fill rather quickly , and i suggest empty the unit after each use . \*\* open the vacuum directly over a trash can , or you may end up with another mess to clean up . \*\* the pet attachment work well for clean long cat hair off fabric . it do not work as well on dog hair , or short cat hair . it will pick it up , if it be in clump , but it be not great at get anything that have weave itself into the fabric . i do wish black & decker would sell a wand and floor attachment for this vac . i have be use the wand and hard floor attachment from my kirby upright w\/it , and although it be not a perfect solution , it do seem to work . now i can vacuum up the kitty litter on my laundry room floor ! i have add some picture of this to the product page . pick up : kitty litter , fine dust & sand , sawdust , pet hair , etc. . i also pick up some nut , bolt & wood chip with this unit . it be a accident , & i would not actually recommend use anything but a shop vac for that , but it do pick they up . pro powerful & effective works on kitty litter cheaper than a dyson come with attachment , caddy & have a hose look nice & be always handy other vacuum attachment seem to -lrb- mostly -rrb- fit -lrb- unlike the dyson handheld -rrb- con no option to buy a wand and\/or floor attachment no wall mount battery life be a bit short slightly less powerful than the dyson
814	Vacuum	POS	5	i search and search for a small portable vacuum that be very powerful and the hoover unit be great ! i have a large cannister -lrb- expensive brand -rrb- that be difficult to move from room to room and get under furniture . this mighty little machine be just as powerful , the cord be extra long , great for hardwood , tile , or carpet . i buy this for all the hard floor surface but it would be great to use for carpet if you have a small condo . it have 7.5 amp and be double insulate . i buy two , one for the house and one for we rv . my best buy this year !!
266	Vacuum	POS	4	okay , first off , i be go to address the consistent note i have see in all the 1-star review of this vacuum . those folk all say that there be no suction power in this vacuum . nothing could be farther from the truth !! this little guy be actually lift my rear-seat floormat off the floor ! if that be not suction power , i do not know what be . the unit fold up nice and compact and fit with all its accessory into a nice black bag that go almost unnoticed in my trunk . on the subject of accessory , there be a couple of brush , a hose , and a adapter for the hose . if you have pet hair that have weave itself into you car 's cloth upholstery , you will need to use the brush attachment to get the hair out . that would seem to be common sense , but again , look at the negative review , i think some folk expect a 12-volt vacuum to just lift it out on its own . \* shrug \* it be very easy to clean , too , and it have a handle to turn to agitate the filter inside to keep it suck up detritus when the receptacle be \* almost \* -lrb- but not quite -rrb- full . empty the vacuum be a breeze , too ! the only reason i be not give this a 5-star review be because the 12-volt adapter sit very loosely in the 12-volt outlet in my car -lrb- all three of they -rrb- . i drive a american car . the 12-volt outlet have be standardized for some time , now . so , it be a little frustrating to have to play with the plug until i find where it will sit and not randomly become disconnect from the power , even though it look like it be still plug firmly in . all in all , though , a very good vacuum , and i would highly recommend it !
395	Vacuum	POS	5	i be sick and tired of the bagless , the mess , dust and use my air compresser to blow out all part of my dyson canister . i really think this eureka out clean and be cleaner all around for a fraction of the cost .
922	Vacuum	POS	5	update : see comment below ... motor go bad after one year of use . we get this vacuum before christmas and start use it right away . my wife and i be very please with this vacuum . it be super easy to empty -lrb- bagless -rrb- , and it be also easy to remove and wash the few part that get dirty , and to remove and wash the foam filter . it have a lot of power and have just the right number of attachment . the hose be not very long , but that be not a problem for we . when use the hose , if you pull it too far you can tip over the vacuum , but again , this be really not a problem . once you get use to it , no big deal . if you be on you hand and knee use the hose , you just position you body to brace the vacuum if you need to pull the hose farther than normal . in we home , we often have to clean up dry cat vomit -lrb- ewww -rrb- , and the hose\/nozzle do a good job at that . also , we have a natural fireplace , so we always have firewood debris in the house . this vac suck up most in upright mode , and the hose do the rest . no trouble . we have mostly carpeting , so i really do not know how good this vac will be on hard floor . it do have a adjustment for floor\/carpet height like most vac . this be the first bissell we have own -lrb- we be former eureka and panasonic owner -rrb- . for the $ 80-ish price -lrb- free shipping with amazon -rrb- , it be a best buy in we book . the leading consumer magazine also rate it well . we go to a local sears store to try out this model in the store before buy it for a better price -lrb- and no sale tax -rrb- via amazon . the vacuum be not too heavy , and the cord and attachment all stay on the machine when not in use . we recommend this vacuum .
102	Vacuum	POS	5	this little machine be powerful , long lasting and get up the pet hair from anywhere they hide . it be so good i buy one for my son , too . fabulous product . can be use in the house , in the car , anywhere ! and it be easy to clean out .
389	Vacuum	POS	5	aka money saver . buy this cleaner recently after go through some consumer review . i like it . it have good suction power and nice attachment to clean difficult area of you vehicle . attractive look design and reasonable price . i recommend it .
459	Vacuum	POS	4	this be a decent vacuum for what it be . certainly it be not as effective as haul you household vacuum to the curb , but it be certainly more convenient . and that be they key here , at least for i . i just get a new car and dismayed by all the debris quickly pile up . this be a sleek little machine that vacuum up enough stuff to make my car much neater look . it do have a super long cord -lrb- i could easily vacuum my whole honda pilot -rrb- but it can actually get in the way sometime . it seem to have decent suction and i have better luck when i attach the little brush . have not try the tube yet . all in all , i really like this for it be convenience factor . one note - at least with my car , i have to turn my car on - not the engine , but enough so that the radio and charger would work . i be not expect that and initially think i have receive a defective model .
308	Vacuum	POS	4	this be a powerful vacuum cleaner . the level adjustment and the attachment work great . it be pretty heavy and may not be a appropriate choice for those who need a lighter vacuum .
271	Vacuum	POS	5	the product meet the advertised claim . very handy on hard floor . a bit heavy but very manageable . really get under the bed easily and kill the huge dust bunny that live there . clean out easily . i would buy another without hesitation . would be very handy in a rv since it store compactly in the include charge stand and be powerful enough for light clean up on the carpet area .
169	Vacuum	POS	4	this be a great vacuum . i think long and hard about spend $ 1,000 on a vacuum . it be not a easy decision . 5 stars for the vacuum itself but loose a star due to the attachment . pro : the vacuum itself be great . powerful suction , low noise -lrb- much lower than any other vacuum i have ever hear -rrb- which make it less annoying to vacuum , the auto-power feature work well -lrb- remember , it be the amount of air flow that count , unless you try to pick up a bowling ball -rrb- and it be less strain on the motor , i definitely notice the real hepa filter on this vacuum , no smell a no dust blow around . con : the ergonomic handle be ok when use the floor attachment but make dust shelf and other item difficult when use the attachment . it be also bulk make it difficult to get under and around item . they solution be to purchase the car cleaning kit or the micro kit at $ 150 - 175 . for $ 1,000 it should have the option to remove the ergonomic handle . this would have be helpful . overall i be happy with the purchase because i have bad dust allergy and no other vacuum have have real hepa filter . i decide my health be worth the expense .
957	Vacuum	POS	5	i like it so far . it beat the older cleanview that i replace by the 82h1 . i notice the airflow be a lot stronger and it seem to separate out dust faster , before it reach the filter . i have yet to wash the lower filter after about 1 month of use , but it be get close to the time . empty the main dust catch be easy . it be not a super light vac , not heavy either , but it be probably nothing most folk will use on stair . if you be look for a good house vac for carpet and smooth floor and do not want to pay a fortune for a inter-galactic vac , i recommend this one with the proviso that i have only have it for a month so i can not attest to it be durability . however , my previous , similar bissell last about 10 yr and still work fine , but the catch that make it stand upright on its own fail probably because the vac drop back onto its handle too many time . fall backwards be easy to make happen on any upright when use the hose and not hold the vac or someone tripping on the electric cord . my 5 star rating be base on my consideration of price and performance . the only thing that i notice which do not seem to be a problem be that the main dust catch do not seal on its top against the gasket as tightly as my old bissell . i test it with the vac turn on and it be not a problem and be draw tight against the gasket when the vac be run . when the vac be off , it will wiggle if shake by hand , but not much . i doubt this be a problem . i notice stuff like this because i use to be a machinist .
952	Vacuum	POS	4	great vacuum . do a good job cleaning and stand up to abuse very well . outlast and outperform other similarly price vacuum . great\/cheap vacuum that you can use for a long time , then replace when it finally die .
47	Vacuum	POS	5	six year ago when i be shop for a vacuum with a hepa filter , the overwhelming favorite among both consumer and consumer protection organization be the eureka boss smartvac 4870dt .  eureka 4870dt upright vacuum  my experience have be consistent with the great review that help i make my decision . pro : great suction , the rotary brush can be turn off for use on hardwood floor , and the hepa filter seem to really work ! con : heavier than most . i be not even consider replace this vacuum , but i be consider purchase another to keep upstairs !
399	Vacuum	POS	5	this be by far the best vacuum cleaner i have ever own !! it be very powerful , you can see dirt be pull out of the carpet & float right in front of it . it only truly do edge vacuum on the right side , but that have not be a problem for i . my last vacuum say it do the edge on both side , but actually do neither . the carpet pro say it do one edge vacuuming & it work wonderfully ! i upgrade the filter with a fuller brush heavy duty hepa filter . i also use cloth-like heavy duty allergen bag . my old vacuum make my allergy go crazy the rest of the day , now , no problem after vacuum ! so much better than a bagless ! some thing to keep in mind : the brush do not turn off , which may be a problem for wood floor make sure to order a carpet pro with the `` t '' at the end to get the onboard tool from what i understand the lower end carpet pro do not have as many metal part -lrb- you may want to double check this -rrb- so i would go with this one . if you care about a headlight & bag-indicator , check out the higher end fuller brush vacuum that be make by the same company -lrb- who also make riccar -rrb- . look for the fuller brush vacuum with the metal plate , etc. . that be about all i can think of , i be totally happy with my purchase -lrb- i have have it for about 8mo . now -rrb- , and i highly recommend this vacuum !
301	Vacuum	POS	5	i be look for a vacuum that have strong enough suction to pick up small item and hair off my carpet . after read several review i decide to order and i love it ! this vacuum pick up more than i ever even know my old vacuum be miss ... i know enjoy vacuum cause i only have to go over a area once and the vacuum pick up any dirt\/hair . very easy to assemble and use right out the box .
667	Vacuum	POS	4	this be my second 4870 ; the first one work great as long as it work , which be not very long . after a little over two year it start smell and act like something be seriously wrong which happen to be the case . that 4870gz be sit in the garage wait for i to decide what to do with it . it may be repairable or not but i have decide to retire it . you may well ask why i would buy another one , well , that be a good question . i have never own a vacuum before that stop work after only 2 + year . i hope that this early malfunction be anomalous to that particular machine and not typical of the breed . while it work , it do a really good job , therefore i have decide to give the maker and the model one more chance , and i hope i be not sorry ; i could not find a pattern of early failure on this model on the web . i also have a investment in bag , filter and belt that i hope to be able to use . i 'll admit that i feel as if i be roll the dice but hope for much better result this time . the 4870mz have a additional feature which the gz model do not have ; the small brush attachment for clean stair . although we do not have stair we do have some small carpeted space that be too narrow for the upright ; this attachment do a good job in those area . the 4870 have do a very good job on we carpet , and be easily adjust for bare floor . i be please enough to give it one more try ; if this one only work for 2 + year i will write the model off as a lose cause . only time will tell .
869	Vacuum	POS	4	i have be need a new vacuum cleaner for year and just before christmas i go online and research vacuum cleaner . i decide on the eureka boss smart and i have be very pleased with it . the price be reasonable and the cleaner be easy to use and be very sturdy and make my carpet look like new . i have 2 dog so the hepa filter be great with dog hair and dander . and the eureka be deliver in like two day !
93	Vacuum	POS	5	i have have this vacuum for a couple of year now . generally , i love it . it do its job well . the only downside to the vacuum be that it be on the heavier side . i can not imagine it work well on stair . it still perform lovely after suck up miscellaneous toy . it be powerful too ; i get too close to my curtain and it tear down my entire drapery rod ! i even use it regularly to vacuum out the car . i would recommend it !
192	Vacuum	POS	4	have this about a month now ... i purchase it for my studio apartment . if it work this well for a few year i will be completely happy . my last hoover canister -lrb- not commercial -rrb- last i well over ten year .
148	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this vacuum for myself as a mother 's day gift a few month ago . i have the blue miele canister vac before this one -lrb- the s-151 , i think -rrb- and i absolutely love it . it last 12 year and be actually still run , just not as powerful as it be when it be new . anyways , i try out the s7210 twist in a local store and decide to switch to a upright . it handle quiete nicely , it almost feel like it be self-propel when the carpet powerbrush feature be on . with the canister , i always feel like i have to put a ton of pressure on it in order to pick up the dog hair off the rug , but with this one it be so much easier . i have a german shepherd and the twist pick up the hair like a charm . it do great on hardwood floor too , but you should use the bare floor function instead of the powerbrush to prevent scratch you floor up . note that there be a more expensive model available that feature a hepa filter , but truthfully , this one be just as good . it do have a slot to install a hepa filter if you want to , so you do have that option . i beieve the hepa filter be around $ 50 and need to be replace every year or so . that be not a investment i want to make . i have mostly area rug and hard wood floor , so i do not feel like i need one . some people complain about the price of the bag for miele vacuum , but if you think about it , they do last a lot longer than say the one a hoover use . i have never have a bag break on i when i take it out , they be extremely sturdy . i would say that i only use about 5 bag a year and i vacuum at least once a week -lrb- because of the dog hair -rrb- . overall , i be very happy with my purchase . miele be probably the best brand out there when it come to vacuum . if you want something that be go to last , get the miele ! one more thing : you should try it in a local store and then order it online . it will save you so much money !
203	Vacuum	POS	5	i own a hoover vaccuum cleaner that be not do its job . when research for a new vaccuum i come across the review for the miele . i have never hear of this brand . i decide to go ahead and order it . the quietness of the miele be amazing in comparison to the hoover . it also do not spit back dirt when you vacuum on a smooth floor . the dog hair in we carpet be go : - -rrb- we could really tell a difference in the quality of the vacuuming . it do take get use to the movability of the handle swivel . the miele be definitely heavier than my old vaccuum . it feel like it will last much longer than previous vacuum . i have now have it for two month and have no desire to go back to any other vacuum cleaner . i truly believe that because of its efficency in remove all of the dirt , dust , and dog hair my allergy have be help !! thanks miele for a amazing product . my husband have already ask if they have a steam carpet cleaner , if so we be buy it . lol i also like the extra long cord . i can vaccuum my entire 1400 square foot house without change plug .
743	Vacuum	POS	5	buy this as a gift for my son for he new apartment and he love it ... say it be very easy to use and store and do a great job of clean the floor and carpet .
367	Vacuum	POS	5	for starter , consider that high-quality consumer vac be run $ 200 - $ 300 , and substantially more if you go with a dyson or something . we seriously consider a dyson canister , and i be very , very happy that we skip it . it not only would have be a waste of money , it would have be less convenient . we have a triplex -lrb- 3-story -rrb- apartment in new york . all hardwood floor , and lot of stair . this thing be absolutely , totally perfect for it . the suction be huge , even after week of use in a apartment full of dog hair . it be design so effectively that all the hair get suck deep into the bag , and do not block the airflow . the bag be a long-lasting cloth bag that be very easy to remove and empty , and there be no additional cost for consumable . however , if you would prefer a paper bag that you do not need to empty , you can use those instead . either way , it work great . it also work great on we area rug , because the suction be very good . it be very lightweight , and come with both carry-handle and shoulder-strap . so you can range all over the apartment , over and around thing , up and down the stair , carry it comfortably all the way . my wife be a little smaller than i , and also find it very light and great to use . the long , super-strong metal tube , with rotate head , work its way really conveniently underneath and around the table , chair , and other furniture . it come with great attachment for baseboard and other need . the metal tube have a secure lock mechanism , so it be both easier to disassemble than a plastic one that often get stuck , and easy to reassemble and snap together . it be go to last forever . the flexible hose be make of really strong material , with a rigid , springy coil inside . it do not crimp , fold , bunch or otherwise cause problem . it also shrink nicely when you be not put any tension on it . which make it very convenient to store : it be super-compact to start with , and you can quickly pop the hose & tube off the main body of it , so you can store they wherever they fit best . incidentally , hoover also include a very rugged strap to snap the cord in place when you be not use it . the power cord , by the way , be just incredibly long , so i can do a whole floor of the apartment , and get 2\/3 of the way down the stair , before i need to unplug and move the connection . it be the longest i have ever have , even on a full-size upright . we have have it for a month now , and use it often , and i have yet to find a single flaw with it . i suppose they could round the edge a bit more , so that when i be dance around the apartment with it sling over my shoulder , i do not even notice they . but that be about it . some reviewer suggest they integrate the attachment storage into the body of the vac . but that would dramatically increase weight and size , so it would be stupid . they could give you a little holder for they , but then they would have to charge you more , and you probably have a bag or drawer or whatever for they already . if you want , you can buy the $ 20 `` portapack '' carry bag , which include a spiffier shoulder strap , and a little mesh bag for the attachment . but if you do not need it , they have save you the $ 20 . unless you have deep-pile carpet , or a dog\/cat that constantly shed fine hair -lrb- and so you need a vac with a power head -rrb- , this be a really phenomenal performer , and a amazing value , which be much more maneuverable than a upright could over be .
116	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this vacuum to quickly clear the dog hair off we new hardwood floor and the vinyl floor in the kitchen . it do that very well - it be very light and suck up pretty much anything a normal vacuum cleaner would . run for a good 10 minute on a charge , have never run the battery totally down . as a bonus , the kid even like use this vacuum !
327	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this thing . i have kid and a vw camper van - needless to say , i use this thing a lot . the cord on this vac allow i to reach everywhere , have super powerful suction -lrb- it be hard to believe it run off a 12v cigarette lighter -rrb- , the circular trash cavity be a cinch to empty and it fold down small enough to store behind the driver 's seat . my van 's carpet and upholstery stay clean and i do not have to be at home to get out the big house vacuum to keep it that way , i just pull this thing out wherever we be and a few minute later thing look great . i be use to those battery-powered chargeable hand vac that work great for 2 week and then can not compete with the gravity of a single cheerio afterwards - this vac blow they all away . i will never buy another battery-powered hand vac . i be actually consider get a 12v converter so i can use this thing in the house .
379	Vacuum	POS	5	this vacuum be perfect - strong suction , great portability , bag less and hepa filter make it a snap for regular use . i absolutely love it and be very pleased with its performance .
961	Vacuum	POS	5	i receive this vacuum a couple of week ago . it really work well . i have ceramic tiling thoughout the house except the bedroom . it work on both surface well . initially i find it hard to push , but with time i find it be a lot easier . i be most happy with this vacuum .
23	Vacuum	POS	5	wow - my little leo -lrb- cat -rrb- must be carry litter between he toe nuckes\/nails - really great vaccum . what a deal for 80 .00 buck - love love love !!!!!!!!!!!
89	Vacuum	POS	5	impress with the extension tubing and little bag for the vacuum this unit come with . nice color and look . plug in my car and work fine , suction be not huge , but this be just a hand unit and not a shop vac . the suction be enough to clean out all the visible debris build up over 8-12 month in about 15 minute for the whole car . there be a further extension that pull out from the nose which be good for get down next to my seat in the crevice . feel solid like it be not go to break easily . works and do what it should . . store in include bag in my trunk ready for next use .
766	Vacuum	POS	5	i have be use a rainbow vacuum for year and be get tired of put it together every week to vacuum . i want something that could do close to the same job that i could use regularly without all the trouble . my house have a combination of flooring - tile , carpet , stair . the eureka boss have great suction and clean a variety of surface well . it be heavy , but vacuum time have be cut in half . the cord be long enough , but the hose could be a little longer .
963	Vacuum	POS	5	this be the best vacuum i have ever own . i have have it now for almost month , and vacuum twice a month . we have a small dog and a mix of hardwood with rug and newer carpet . the ability to define the pile height and turn the brush on\/off be fantastic . the hose be easy to use and the unit have fantastic suction . i do recommend buy a set of bag with it too . we have newer carpet , so i replace the first bag after only 4 use . there be little thing that make it fantastic - like the handle on the middle back of the unit that make it easy to move up & down stair . the twist swivel the head and this make for easier vacuum around table leg and other immovable item . rug have never look better because of its power , and its easy to move between they and the floor b\/c of the ability to turn off the brush . the attachment for the wand be easily store on the back of the unit . the suction power be fantastic . i ultimately choose this unit b\/c i have read of the dyson 's breaking often and consumer reports have zero negative comment on this unit . it be heavy , however because that weight be in the base , you do not feel it while operate . it be also a quiet power , and it be very powerful .
346	Vacuum	POS	4	i buy this little vacuum for my brand new car , and i have be quite pleased with it . a lot of people on here be compare the suction power to something more powerful , like a shop-vac , and that be a little unfair -lrb- this thing be only use a 12volt power source after all -rrb- . also , you be suppose to free up the vacuum 's filter every once and awhile by turn the dial on the side of the unit , and that help tremendously . this be great for people who simply want to keep they car clean - it be not mean for heavy-duty application .
419	Vacuum	POS	4	... so i just buy another . i wish the extension hose be a little sturdier , that be the first thing to go on the last one . but this be perform just as well as the last one do . i do not mind the weight or the noise , it just work and clean well . enough tool to get the job do without too much hassle . i wish they have put the newer power paw thing in a different spot , it fall off once in a while , but it be not a big deal . the quality seem to have hold up over the year . just the sight of it send my dog scurry ; -rrb-
153	Vacuum	POS	5	the vacuum arrive quickly and in great condition . it be easy to assemble and do a wonderful job of cleaning - have use on carpet , hardwood floor , vinyl , and ceramic tile floor with great result . while a bit heavy when carry up and down step , i be very pleased !
163	Vacuum	POS	5	i love the fact that i do not have to drag out the bigger machine each time i need to vacuum the kitchen area . i have not find any problem with this machine thus far and i have be use it about 2 month . the filter be not hard to clean either ... i just take it out to the shop and use the air-hose on it !!!
541	Vacuum	POS	4	bag be great . not as top-quality as the miele brand bag , but these be the best `` economy '' bag out there .
94	Vacuum	POS	4	this vacuum cleaner be very powerful . it pull out stuff we other sweeper have leave in the carpet . on the downside , very noisy . also to pull the sweeper backwards on a high pile carpet , you must learn to lift up the front roller to prevent the brush from touch the carpet or it become very difficult to use .
503	Vacuum	POS	5	this little commercial vacuum cleaner be one of the best buy out there . i can clean up great pyrenees hair with ease and empty out the bag and start over again with out clog up cleaner like other machine i have kill with dog hair .
894	Vacuum	POS	4	previous vacuum be a eureka optima 431a : bursh on\/off ; 11 lb and 11 inch cleaning path . reason for replacement 1 -rrb- plastic rear wheel wear down allow cleaning head to slide rather than role 2 -rrb- have to clean the filter with another vaccum to remove fine dust and carpet fiber . purchase at kohl with coupon 8 year ago for about $ 35 . so for that price i put up with extra cleaning\/vacuuming of the hepa filter and hard push because i do not believe they be anything better for the price . however , i find that with the optima , i would put off vacuum because the optima even with good suction be such a chore to push and clean . with the optima 's aging , i do look at more expensive vaccum to find a easier filter\/dust cup cleaning setup but i feel the bissel cleanview for the price have great suction -lrb- report and actual -rrb- and ease of clean the filter system -lrb- sponge pre-filter only at this time -rrb- . i know canister be still messier than bag . i be lean towards a hoover tempo for very good review and bagged system . i know my house carpet and the amount of debris might have mean higher vacuum bag cost verse a bagless filter repalcement . the cleanview helix be rate high for suction on carpet and exhaust emission by consumer report . i find one at target via a out of stock rain check for 20 % less regular price of $ 79 . so for $ 61 it be more appealing than the consumer reports recommend dirt devil featherlite because of less noise , better suction and appear better filter\/dust cup design - look like the optima expose paper filter but twice the length . with the easy assembly and good fit of part , i be glad to get a great suction , easy to push and maneuver , a long cord at 27 ' mean i can vacuum a 1400 sf house with two outlet . i do like the cup design of grab and dump . and unlike have to vacuum my optima 's hepa filter , the cleanview 's sponge pre-filter be the only filter i have have to clean after vacuum the carpet several time . pro : great suction , easy to empty dust cap , ease of care for filter , ease of maneuvering , light con ; i prefer the optima 's rubberized ergonomic `` o '' handle to the cleanview 's , lack of brush on\/off when use hose . finally , as part of my carpet cleaning routine , i invest in a hoover max extract dual v wide path carpet washer . see my review .
81	Vacuum	POS	4	i have a handheld eureka with a beater that clean up pretty well , but the cordless aspect of this sweeper appeal to i , despite the fact that so many user complain about the short operation time compare to the charge time . when it arrive , i look at the attachment that be suppose to be for pet hair , and really do not see how it would work very well . but when i give it a full charge and try it out , i be convert . we have a medium hair gray cat , who shed constantly on we dark oriental rug , so that become the acid test , and it pass with fly color . somehow that goofy look attachment bring up cat hair as well as my full-sized panasonic . it 'll be perfect for those touchup job when i be tired of see piece of the feline lie about . also i feel it go -lrb- though i do not time it -rrb- for far longer than the six minute that most people have predict , and be still on full power by the time i be finish and hook it back up to the charger . the vac be also very easy to clean , but if you be go to do more than just empty the solid stuff into a wastecan , i suggest take it outside to blow the dust away . all in all , a very good little sweeper with the convenience of be cordless .
309	Vacuum	POS	5	i love this vacuum ! it have great suction , it be lightweight , and it be easy to empty .
82	Vacuum	POS	4	the vacuum work fine ... i seem to go thru vacuum once a year so hope this one last at least that long . be especially impressed with the fast and cheap shipping ... make it worth it buy online !
51	Vacuum	POS	4	8 year ago i be give the hoover windtunnel for my wedding . it never do work as well as i like . so finally feed up i purchase this one . seem to have the best review for the price . im thrill with the purchase . i want to test it , so i vacuum with the windtunnel first and then revacuum with the boss . all i have to say be gross . 1\/2 a bag of dirt and gross in my carpet . im almost embarrassed now . great suction power , and great suction through the hose -lrb- which the hoover have hardly any -rrb- and accessory work great . i like that the brush stop spin for hard floor -lrb- ive have machine keep spin and inevitably spit peice at my foot which be usually bare . -rrb- not a problem with this one . my area rug have never look as good and light and fluffy and soft as they do now . not even know . i blame the hoover . however , my one complaint be that there be a high pitched noise that by the time im do vacuum my ear be ring . i have read another review say it be loud , maybe this isnt normal , seem more then just regular motor noise . so i might need to trade mine in , but very pleased this last month with how it work .
323	Vacuum	POS	5	i buy this sweeper after spend less money on another brand . that one do not work for what i need it for . i have tile floor and the eureka boss smartvac work great on they ! this be the reason i buy this sweeper -lrb- and the good review -rrb- . if you need a sweeper with a great suction and will work just as equally on carpet as it do on bare floor , then this be the sweeper to buy . it be a little heavy and hard to manuever at first but i have get use to it . well worth the money ! i will never go bagless again . they be just too messy and seem to have more build-up than the bagged sweeper .
49	Vacuum	POS	4	buy this about 4 year ago to use for cabin cleaning at a summer camp -lrb- need something cheap -rrb- . this vac be use to clean up a winter 's worth of dust , sand , spider web , & general `` funk '' in 40 building - way more brutal condition than i put my home vac through . it be be great . have only clog a couple of time , and just keep go . for my application , bagless be the only way to go . just one building contain enough dirt to fill the canister . easy to dump and crank back up for the next one . my only complaint be that the foam filter pack up pretty fast with fine dust & be a little nasty to clean - but this probably would not be a issue in a normal home app . also , the hose attachment be not nearly a powerful as a shop vac . i guess what i be try to say be : this vac have be very effective and much more durable than i be expect for the price - the only thing that have worn be the brush bristle from all the wood floor . i like it enough that i just buy another one for my home .
284	Vacuum	POS	5	ten day in . last week , my wife on the other end of the phone say `` i do not like it , it be too hard to push on the carpet '' -lrb- she first use -rrb- . `` what ! '' i think , four figure lighter in my wallet and she do not like it . i get home after work and the machine be close by in the basement . i pick up the handle with the carpet head and try it . the head glide over the carpet with no resistance , `` it feel ok i say '' . `` you have to turn it on '' , she say . i reply something like `` ok , you mean because you now have a vacuum cleaner that actually suck hard enough to give some resistance , you do not like it ! '' she must have though about this because lately she have comment on how quiet it be and how it do the furniture so well , she be not go to give it up now . be it possible to give a unbiased view after spend over $ 1000 on a vacuum cleaner . let 's just say here 's my 2 cent . - the canister be a bit heavier than i think but no different from the old kenmore canister . - the machine be quiet for a vacuum cleaner but that do not mean it be quiet , i.e. some great progress have be make with appliance such as dishwasher -lrb- almost silent -rrb- but i will not hold my breathe for vacuum cleaner or hair dryer . - the component look and feel good quality and they work well together . - i can not get the hang of hook the brush and handle to the canister to stand upright when not in use . the mechanism do not work well , it take several try but this be small potato . - as mention excellent suction and the auto setting can be over-ridden . - the delivery from united vacuums -lrb- via amazon -rrb- beat the schedule by a couple day in excellent condition - the switch and light be intuitive and its easy to work control by foot and not have to bend over . - my wife who do not read manual , read the manual and be teach i thing about it - the compartment open and close with ease and feel sturdy no complaint so far and we be bank on thing stay that way for a while as in year , that be what we pay for .
331	Vacuum	POS	5	i originally buy this vacuum for the car , now i use it around the house . 100 % satisfied with this product .
918	Vacuum	POS	5	this thing be great . it be not as effective as a full size floor vacuum , but be great to pick up the dog hair in-between a thorough cleaning . it get into corner that would be difficult with a large vacuum , and work great for the carpeted stair . it take up little space charge , and be easy to unfold and use . i rarely use my hand vac now since this one work so much better .
468	Vacuum	POS	5	i take a long time to decide which roomba i want to purchase and i be very happy i pick this one . i read a ton of review on amazon and on the roomba website and decide this be the best bet for my money and what i need it for . i mostly pick this one because it have the advanced filter system , but i do not need a hepa filter and be not concern about have a indicator when the bin be full . i have 3 , yes 3 , labs\/hound mix who love to be inside and shed !! i also have all hardwood floor so the hair accumulate very fast and you can not avoid it with rug . first i will say the packaging for this product make you look like you get a mini fridge deliver , it be a huge box , but the actual roomba box be a very neatly and simply package that come with a extra sweep brush , 2 extra roller brush , 2 charger , invisible wall , and a brush cleaning tool . i be really surprise at all the extra that come with it . you do have to wait a few hour for roomba to fully charge before you can push the green button but it be worth the wait . i just simply push the green clean button and off it go . i let it run for probably over a hour and it just go from room to room cleaning . it have i clean its brush once during the cleaning because a bunch of dog toy stuffing have get wrap around but it be so simple to just pull right off . i dump the dirt bin 3 time and it be so much easier than my dirt devil to clean and dump . now i even have my boyfriend `` vacuum '' for i ! the dog bark at it and chase it around at first but now they just go lie on they bed and watch it spin around . the best experience i have have in the week be turn it on after i have cook dinner and clean the dish . no more sweeping ! i just let it run on the tile floor and it go under the cabinet and under the dishwasher and refrigerator get all the little crumb you miss and even my regular doggy vacuum miss : -rrb- . it get under my couch and all of we table and chair . it even pick up napkin you might have miss and it will suck up just about anything . it really be the best purchase for maintain clean floor especially if you have lot of shed dog ! i love it and i will own one of these for the rest of my life !
872	Vacuum	POS	4	ok , this vacuum be a monster -- its about 30 lb and have a wide cleaning path . it be very powerful , and have lot of flexibility for clean carpet and floor , in addition to use the hose and wand attachment . the hose do not stretch as far as i would like because it be very flexible and the power of the suction keep pull it back into the vacuum base -- show how powerful the motor be . once you figure out the control and get past the stiffness of the upright release button , you be on you way . if you know that you will be carry a vacuum up and down stair quite a bit and you question you arm\/shoulder strength , then beware of this unit 's weight . otherwise , this be a very solid , well make unit that seem like it will last as long as you want it -- time will tell . my only real complaint -- and it be a small one -- be that the route of the cord for coil it up tend to interfere with the hose .
798	Vacuum	POS	5	this be a great machine . we never know we carpet be not clean until we use the miele callisto . it be small , light weight , easy to maneuver , quiet , and work well on stair . the suction in the power-head be excellent and require very little physical effort to run on carpet or wood floor . miele vacuum be quite expensive . we never intend to spend a king 's ransom for a vacuum cleaner . we cough up the extra money for this vacuum cleaner because american make product be rate so low . the quality we once expect from american make product just be not there anymore .
649	Vacuum	NEG	1	anyone consider a oreck xl should be treat to the experience when the paper bag let loose inside and dirt fill the cloth bag . this happen from time to time despite carefully insert the paper bag . you need instruction from oreck and a strong grip to remove the bag . do this outside ! then you need to wash the bag in you laundry sink at least two time with plenty of rinse until the water run clear . then you need to blot and air dry the bag . a lovely sight hang from the shower rail , all this before you reinsert the next bag . my husband refuse do this routine and buy a dyson for upstairs leave i with the oreck for downstairs . yes , it be light and have last , but high maintenance .
215	Vacuum	NEG	1	ok - i do not know why people give this a good review b\/c it be a piece of junk ! i have have it for 6 week and be away for 2 of those week and it be already break !! i be able to have it repair but the repair guy cut i a deal b\/c apparently the broken part be not even part of the warranty . convenient for bissell . yeah , we give you a warranty but bummer for you if it actually break . not only that , but when i call customer service to let they know about the broken vacuum cleaner , they be totally rude . i mean , you would think that they would be apologetic that they product break so quickly . also , clean the filter be very difficult and have to be do every 5 minute . this vacuum cleaner do not suck enough !
622	Vacuum	NEG	1	i do not recommend buy this vacuum . i have it only a couple month when the hose tear between the metal wire loop of the hose . eureka do replace it but the second hose do the same thing . then the electrical cord tear right where it come out of the vacuum from rub on the plastic frame . the dog hair attachment tool do not hold up long either . it do have good suction but with all the repair that i have have to do with it , i have find it to be more bother than it be worth . i think i be go to go back to kenmore . i have never have good luck with eureka product but have excellent luck with the kenmore brand . i be sorry i waste the money on another eureka product !
682	Vacuum	NEG	1	buy this eureka 4870mz boss smart vac about 3 month ago . i base my decision on research with consumer report and the hundred of positive review in this forum . from the time i get it assemble and its first use , i realize i have make a huge mistake . this be the noisiest vacuum i have ever own . it have a constant shrill in addition to the unpleasant motor noise . it be so bad that i take it in for service to see if something be wrong . repair shop say nothing be wrong and give it back to i . next , this vacuum be very heavy and bulky compare to other i have own . if you have stair to climb and\/or clean consider another cleaner . like other have mention on this site the foot pedal handle release be unnecessarily tricky to release . plus , if you want to let go of the handle and walk away to move a chair or something forget it . the sweeper will fall over . you have to put the handle in the upright position which will automatically shut off the rotate brush . then to resume vacuum you have to reach down to the base and flip the switch to carpet . basically every time you raise the handle and turn off the vacuum you have to reach down to the base housing and flip the switch to carpet . what a pain . my wife also complain about how hard it be to pull the sweeper back and forth as she sweep . it move forward easily because of the powerful motor but back and forth can be really tiring . also , the vacuum be extra wide . can make it difficult to get into narrow place and make it difficult to manuver . on the positive side , this vacuum be powerful . it will get the dirt and dust older vacuum may not get . base on my experience i would rather have a lighter , quieter , less powerful and more user friendly cleaner than this hunk . what ever you do , try out this vacuum before you buy it to see if you can tolerate the poor engineering that go into this cleaner .
765	Vacuum	NEG	1	i buy the eureka 4870mz boss smart-vac 3\/19\/09 . it be now 7\/25\/09 , and the vacuum be already fall apart . the vacuum be a okay one , but i accept it be shortcoming , because it be cheap enough . it vacuum pretty well across several different floor surface -lrb- carpet , tile , laminate -rrb- , but it be heavy , generate a lot of heat , attachment would fall off all the time , and switching between bare floor and carpet and between hose and floor be unnecessarily cumbersome . as i say i be willing to live with this , because of the price . my previous vacuum have be a $ 400 dyson which be a nightmare , and i vow never to spend that much on a vacuum again . but now , here i be , just over four month later , and the eureka be no longer usuable . first , the cheap plastic wheel be fall off . second , the switch that you turn to change from floor to hose no longer work properly , so that now i can not use anything but the hose . basically what i have now be a really expensive dust buster . my floor be filthy and i can not vacuum . other review have make reference to the cheap quality of this vacuum , and it fall apart after a few month . i should have listen . if you value you money , i would not recommend this vacuum .
694	Vacuum	NEG	2	this vacuum be very powerful and would probably be fine if you do not have pet . but if you 'll be vacuum up a lot of pet hair , look for something different . the problem with this vacuum be the pet hair be not vortex-ed into a nice tight ball in the bottom tank . instead , it stay very loosely packed and get hang up on the top green part so when you open the tank to dump it , most of the hair inevitably fall out all over the place make a new mess where you just clean up . this happen regardless of if the tank be too full or not , even a half-full tank will have the hair loosely distribute all along the upper and lower tank . also , when you dump the loose hair ball into the trash it be so loosely packed bit and piece will easily get blow away or stick to thing due to static charge . i feel this be a very poor design . previous bagless vacuum i have use swirl the hair and debris in the tank so it form a tight ball that dump out cleanly , but not this one . if you have pet and use this , you be in for a very annoying experience every time you vacuum . it really do clean well otherwise , one pass over a dirty rug will get up almost all the hair\/dirt that be visible .
483	Vacuum	NEG	1	i be a mom with 3 kid and a minivan -lrb- stereotypical , but true -rrb- . i buy this because i need a cordless vac that i could use in the car and my dust buster be not cut it for suction . yes , this have better suction , but it take 20 hour to charge and literally only work for 5 minute . the motor start to slow before 10 swipe and you feel like you be race the clock try to get the cleaning do before it die while the suction be decrease in strength the whole time . cleaning be annoying enough , i need it to be stressful too ? ok , so it be only 5 minute of stress , but annoying nonetheless . realistically , with 3 kid and a minivan , 5 minute be not go to get my car clean , and you actually have to charge it another 20 hour before you can use it with any evidence of effective suction . unrealsitic and basically useless . it do have a pet hair tool which may be useful , but we have no pet hair to clean . honestly , if you need to clean pet hair , save you money and use one of those mask tape lint brush from the dollar store !
261	Vacuum	NEG	1	i first notice this vacuum be heavy . as i have have it for several year now , the belt have break many time . the hose have also break a lot and it be short . this vacuum be cheaply make , do not vacuum well especially on hard wood floor the dirt do not move ! i also just have to throw away the eureka envirovac the roll brush break so do the belt . eureka be a very bad vacuum no matter which model .
31	Vacuum	NEG	2	i have read the other review , and i can only say that this vacuum do not run for 20 minute before lose its charge ... the response\/review from b&d; state 7 minute of continuous run time . i love the versatility of all the tool and the ease with which you can change they , but this vacuum 's run time be very short . we wash both of we car today -lrb- and they be not even really filthy inside -rrb- , and this vacuum do not have enough of a charge to even clean the interior of two car . and it be constantly plug in and charge when not in use . we have a dustbuster for many year which be power by the b&d; versapak rechargeable battery , but it finally die . we have other b&d; small appliance and outdoor product which use the versapak battery , and i know the battery still can be purchase . however , black & decker no longer sell any of those product , only battery . that dustbuster be 100 % more reliable and powerful than this minus canister vacuum . suggestion to black & decker : to avoid disappointed customer , perhaps you should consider print the run time on you box . i be equally disappointed , for the same reason , with you blower and whip which we use for yard work .
432	Vacuum	NEG	1	after receive and send back the wrong vacuum , i email allergy be go and finally receive a response . i be originally tell they would send i the correct vacuum , but after wait several day , i call back and be tell that the original vacuum i order be no longer in stock . someone else email i from allergy be go and offer i 10 % off a order if i take off the negative feedback , so i respond to he email that this would be fine , however , i never receive a confirmation email back from he . that be two week ago . i have decide not to do further business with this company .
76	Vacuum	NEG	1	i have use this vacuum twice , and it be awkwardly design - the hose and the cord be continually get in the way of each other . although i do not think the release lever feel like it would break off , it be very hard to manage - i could not release it with my foot - i have to bend down and push hard with my hand every time i want to release it . but my biggest gripe be that i can see puff of dust that it blow out the front . i check the bag twice , and it seem to be in place , but for a hepa vacuum , it be generate a lot of dust . what a waste of money !
133	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vaccumm work ok the first couple of time i use it . soon after the suction do not work as well and it blow dust everywhere . i clean the filter , but no better . the hose will not even pick up a kernel of popcorn . save you money .
643	Vacuum	NEG	1	i purchase this vacuum cleaner because i have have the same one in the past , but the hose break . i like the suction it have for carpet . this new one , however , be a total lemon ! the handle do not click in the upright position and therefore keep fall down . when it be switch to the floor position , it will not work . also , the carpet\/floor button be break . i be now out $ 129 plus shipping because i just put it to use yesterday after order it two month ago . very unhappy !!!!!
812	Vacuum	NEG	2	i buy this vacuum due largely to the good review see on amazon . when i get it , i be surprise to find that there be no wheel on it and you be suppose to carry it on you shoulder . a few week ago my two year old sneak behind i while i be vacuum and the vacuum -lrb- which be hang off of my shoulder -rrb- knock he in the forehead leave a good bruise . i try call plexsupply which be the company that ship it to i and they will not let i return it because it be after they 30 day return policy . i do not recommend use this vacuum or the company plexsupply .
365	Vacuum	NEG	1	thought i pick a good product but the suction leave a lot to be desire . i buy this because i do not want to carry out my large vacuum cleaner . not worth the price !
302	Vacuum	NEG	1	do not waste you money . this do not hold the charge at all . stop work after 5 minute . no more cordless vac for i ... just buy something that plug in . also really hard to clean out .
847	Vacuum	NEG	1	with a 5-minute run time and 20 hour recharge time this piece of junk be useless . how be they even allow to sell this thing ? there should be a big label on the box with the run time and charge time . i buy this to clean my car but with the terrible battery life it would take a entire week to accomplish the task . why this disaster of modern technology have so many 5 star review be mind boggling to i .
654	Vacuum	NEG	2	my initial review be that the item arrive on time and be as describe ... two month into use this -lrb- we vacuum once a week and only have three room with carpet as we have mostly tile , so do not get the use most would expect ... this should not matter though . . even if it do , i spend a lot of money hope it would be the `` end all - be all '' vacuum for i . works pretty good ... suction power not as good as my old kenmore though it be a easier vacuum to maneuver and get around . i try to see where i can contact and get the follow repair or replace , but can not . the problem be that the power nozzle will just stop in the middle of vacuuming . i be slow and careful expect it anytime . sure enough it stop . the only way to get it run again be to power off the entire machine and restart , this usually do the trick , but i can not live like this . i be hope to get a resolution , if i can find out how .
391	Vacuum	NEG	2	you just have to learn to love this vacuum . here be the way i break it down : pro : light weight . strong battery . good suction . two switch for floors\/carpet -- do a good job on both , include pet hair . fit into charger flawlessly with zero fumble . solid feel . use this to replace my frequent purchase of a shark vacuum . i tolerate poor battery life , and fall-apart construction , and non-existent customer service in the shark . con : it will not stand up alone out of the charger . empty the dirt cup be awkward ... you have to balance the center round part of vacuum over trash and `` dig it out . '' -lrb- i use a wood paint stirrer -rrb- you have to fold up the vacuum with the head up to place in charger . still , i would buy one again in a flash . the pro far outweigh the con ! addendum : september 11 , 2009 shortly after post the above positive review , i go to use the vacuum and it be completely dead . charger not work , but vacuum also dead when there should have be charge leave . i call b & d , which to they credit have english-speaking customer service located in this country . they send i a new charger cord -lrb- in a four foot box !?? -rrb- but the vacuum be still dead . i have be tell they would replace the vacuum if charger do not work . well , after much argument and i push back ... ask for supervisor , etc. , now they say they will replace it but i have to take it to service center . this episode be less than 2 month after i buy it . after this , i would say you can find a better vacuum . i would probably buy shark -lrb- unless there be a better one -rrb- and consider it disposable . addendum : december 2009 . follow-up on service problem . b & d require that i return the vacuum to they . they do not pay for return shipping . this be very heavy and would be quite expensive to ship . i be able to locate a authorized center but have to drive about 45 minute there . i live near a fairly large city . b & d tell i the service center would mail the new vacuum to i . of course it would have cost this small business a lot to ship . evident as they personally deliver it . now that i have the new vacuum it do work well . it do not replace my dyson , but be good for quick clean-up . but consider this a disposable vacuum , without warranty . also , the more i use it the more i notice that gunk get around the small pivot wheel cause problem . i have to cut the gunk and wedge it out with pliers . vacuum pretty good . customer service deplorable . down-rate the vacuum because of that . would i purchase this again ? maybe . but i would absolutely try for walmart and save the receipt for entire warranty period .
439	Vacuum	NEG	1	there be a problem with this vacuum cleaner just after 2 month of use . it have a lot of noise , you can not image the sound of it . it be also warm up easily . vacuum capability be ok but not great . it be heavy . i certainly not recommend this vacuum cleaner .
401	Vacuum	NEG	1	hose be short and only seem to suck when it want too . i have to clean it every time before use and still end up with a pile of dirt when i pick it up . basically , it do nothing but redistribute dirt around the house . i have have it for about a year now and just toss it into the trash with great joy . now i be be let the world now what a piece of turd this thing be . my battery power hand vac do a much better job .
640	Vacuum	NEG	2	i have another black and decker small vac and love it , i leave it in another home i have and when return here try to buy another like it . no luck . so purchase this cordless one , and i be disappoint in the product , it do not seem to have the suction of the cord one and cost a little more . so would not advise purchase this to do all around small job .
434	Vacuum	NEG	1	dissatisfy with power . send back . give to i by husband as a gift for new car , do not pick up pet hair on seat . buy rubber brush , and go back to my small shop vacuum .
39	Vacuum	NEG	2	this vacuum be only good for very small job such as clean the keyboard or car console . it do not have much suction strength , thus if use for sl . larger job it will have trouble pick up most thing . the handset do not weigh very much -lrb- which be great while use it -rrb- but become a problem on the charger as it be not heavy enough to stay in contact to continue charge . i have to use a large rubber band around the unit to keep the charge probe in contact . -rrb-
664	Vacuum	NEG	1	ca not believe the glowing review on this . this be a poorly over-designed vaccuum cleaner that have no edge cleaning capability , the hose fail and have to be duct tape , the bag do not stay seat , the extension wand be brittle and split after a couple of month , the small carpet attachment fall off the storage location in the back and the electrical cord storage hook spin like a windmill . will be the last eureka i purchase
666	Vacuum	NEG	1	i have own many vacuum . i seem to be pretty tough on they , but then again ... if you have a family of eight with five out of those eight have waist-length hair , you do end up vacuum quite a bit , generally every day . - i own a kirby ; it be awesome but the bag be so expensive and hard to get , and the attatchment be a pain to use . - i own a dyson animal . ugh . never again . i can not believe that piece of junk cost as much as it do . horrible construction , the attatchment never work properly , and bagless vacuum be just so disgusting . not very many thing will make i gag , but clean out a bagless vacuum do . just ... no. . no. . never . - i have own several dirt devils . they be pretty good , but flimsy . but , they be generally inexpensive , so the flimsiness be forgivable . -lrb- a dirt devil be what i be get next after this one ... -rrb- - this vacuum be okay as far as suction , but it have so much suction that it become a liability . it literally walk across my carpet by itself on the highest setting , and it be all i can do to pull it back . however , you would think that amount of suction would leave you carpet really clean . not so . with mine , it actually seem to push everything down -lrb- instead of fluff it up -rrb- and small crumb would just fly everywhere vs. be pick up in the vacuum . i think perhaps the lift mechanism be not work ... that perhaps i have it set for high carpet but it actually be not any higher than it would have be for low one . but no. . . when i take it in on a flat surface i could definitely tell a difference in the high and low setting . it be just not high enough for my carpet , i guess . and this be not any 1970 's shag carpet ! it be just a plain pile carpet we buy from lowes three year ago ! so ... i be go to keep this vacuum as a backup i guess . since i have use it three time , i be not sure if i can return it , and at worst i suppose we can use it in the garage\/shop for sawdust , etc. . as for what i be go to use in the house , i just order another dirt devil for $ 44 , and so what if i have to replace it every year ... at least it will clean my carpet and not pull my arm off in the process !
259	Vacuum	NEG	2	this 4870mz machine clean very well , but i be not the least impressed with the cheap plastic part . the on\/off switch be cheap and have go bad cause the wire go to it to melt . it be a wonder it do not cause a fire . i would rather spend more money for a quality build machine that will last .
244	Vacuum	NEG	1	if you do not have any pet , this vacuum may work better for you . but i have have a terrible time with it , especially clean out the dirt cup . every time i use this thing , vacuum up cat hair clog up in the space just above the cup -lrb- all around the teal plastic part in the `` cleanview helix '' area -rrb- , which prevent the fur -lrb- and a good chunk of whatever else you just suck up -rrb- from fall down into the cup . so whenever i take out the cup to clean it , a bunch of dust\/cat litter\/dirt\/other nasty stuff fall all over the place . to make matter worse , some of the fur\/carpet fluff do not fall down on its own , so i have to put my hand up inside and pull it all out manually , which result in a disgusting mess every time i use it . i try clean it out between different room , think maybe i be let the cup get too full , but nope , the hair still get stick . poor design for pet owner . i be go to look for a vacuum with bag to replace this thing -lrb- why be vacuum with bag so hard to find these day ?! -rrb- , because if this be any indication of how the one with so-called `` easy to clean '' dirt cup work , i be out . addendum : the `` filter '' at the bottom section be also a huge mess to clean . the inner core of the filter be a plastic cylinder that have a bunch of groove inside that collect dust and be hard to wash out . i imagine this part will eventually need replace . the outer layer be a sponge that collect dust -lrb- boy do it ever ! -rrb- , and need to be wash out regularly or the vacuum start to lose suction . yay , more get you hand dirty with all the crud the vacuum get out of the carpet ! -lrb- ? -rrb- once clean , both part have to dry completely before you put they back together , so you can not use it for about a day , even to vacuum up the dust that inevitably fall back out of the vacuum when you open it up to clean it . tl ; dr : this vacuum suck for pet owner because fur clog it up . the filter be also a mess to clean .
287	Vacuum	NEG	1	i buy this base upon amazon review . i be extremely disappoint for three reason : 1 . suction be pathetic . unless you rub the nozzle repeatedly at the perfect angle , nothing be pick up . 2 . male charger piece do not fit the cigarette lighter in we car -lrb- new audi a4 -rrb- - it be so loose it have to be hold in all the time . 3 . could not get in between seat and door jam -lrb- for example -rrb- with attachment - they be way to big . lot 's of `` stuff '' accumulate there , so what good be it to have part clean and other part uncleanable ? will return this .
60	Vacuum	NEG	1	it get hang up on everything , even where the floorboard be slightly uneven . it pick up mainly with the cleaning paper but i can not find much in the vacuum repository . sometimes it get in the middle of the room and stop for the longest time then start go in circle , all about the same size . i be not too happy with it
732	Vacuum	NEG	1	i have be want one of these for a long time and be glad to see it have 4 hp since i need it to be powerful . but if you can not use disposable bag and if the wheel break ... plus i buy it at walmart . i know amazon would give i a refund but i have to hassle now with walmart and try to drag it around on three wheel ... and again , the bag , the bag .
867	Vacuum	NEG	1	i hate this vacuum . absolute worst purchase , ever ! i have it for over a year . you need to wash the filter after every 2-3 use on light vacuuming . it be not fun handle all the dust , pet hair and god know what else come up from you rug with you hand . really gross . my problem really begin when i put down a carpet fresh style flea treatment . this stuff be poison and i need to continuously handle the vacuum filter to clean it ! i be outside hose down part of the vaccuum ! that be the straw that break the camel back . i just do not want to hose it down outside one more time and into the trash it go . i have have a smile on my face ever since ! i just buy the hoover t-series windtunnel . have not try it yet , but i be hope for much better result . if you like hose stuff down outside you house , buy this vacuum . if you want simple cleanup move on and find something else .
551	Vacuum	NEG	1	this item want pick up a gain of sand . power cord fall out easily . clean bag be very messy . ... waste of money and time .
197	Vacuum	NEG	2	have i review this vacuum after the first use or two , i would have say `` wow , what a vacuum for a great price ! '' ... but ... now that i have own it a month , my review be different . it still be a ok vacuum , but the really bad part about this vacuum be that the filter start to fill in very fast and then the vacuum have very little suction and it just chase the crumb across the carpet instead of suck they up . we do not have pet and we do not wear we shoe in the house - we have a fairly clean house . however , after vacuum two or three time there be very very poor suction and i need to clean out all filter thoroughly . this be a big disappointment to i , and something i never experience with my other bissell . i would never buy this vacuum again , and i would not recommend it to other . there have get to be a better vacuum out there in this price range .
26	Vacuum	NEG	2	i have have this vacuum for over a year . it have be reliable , versatile -lrb- love that you can quickly change from floor to hose cleaning ... great for detail baseboard while vacuum large area -rrb- and replacement bag be easy to find . i be look for a replacement filter -lrb- hepa -rrb- now , and see it be ~ $ 5 on amazon . it have not lose a day of work ; suction have stay strong from its first day . here 's why i give it two star : 1 . it be one of the heaviest vacuum i have ever have to haul around . 2 . for the weight , i would prefer to have a self-propelled feature , but even the pull-back -lrb- and shift to a new spot on the carpet -rrb- take some muscle . i be a healthy 60 year old , and immediately feel the difference and really dislike it . 3 . the hose for point suction be too short . it be nice and wide , so it can pick up a lot at a time -lrb- great for cereal spill , sand , etc -rrb- but i can not use it to reach anything higher than about 36 '' above the floor -lrb- use the include tube extender -rrb- before the vacuum tip over . since the tube extender be straight , it be not possible to use attachment easily on say , couch & chair seat . absolutely no use for cobweb in floor lamp , or ceiling corner , if you use a vacuum for those detail . i have no idea why anyone would choose this for clean stair ... do not you have to clean half way , then reposition the whole vacuum to mid-stair to get the rest ? it be a real monster in weight and bulk to have to lift upstairs ; just the idea make i shiver ... 4 . the plastic latch hold the cover in front of the bag be not do it be job . when that come apart , suction be lose . right now , i can fiddle with it and get it back into place , but it be essential for it to work to get a good suction . that this be go be actually prepare i that i 'll need a new vacuum soon . if you get a good deal on this vacuum -lrb- i get it at 50 % off -rrb- and you be young , strong and do not mind muscle this baby around , you 'll enjoy the good clean it will give you . my experience be not that good that i would buy this again ; also i would not recommend this to a friend .
999	Vacuum	NEG	1	this have be the worst of all the vacuume we have ever own ! the dirt\/dust be constantly get into the other filter compartment and cause the vacuum to lose suction . we be have to empty both the regular dirt part as well the filter part every time . uhg ! what a mess and what a pain ! i wish i have buy this locally so that i could return it . do not waste you money on this one !
546	Vacuum	NEG	1	i buy this vac because we have multiple pet and do not want to haul out a full size vacuum everyday . i have two primary problem with this vacuum . the first , as have be state frequently , be the battery life . no matter what quality this vacuum have , the battery be ultimately the critical flaw . it will not run while plug in and it do not vacuum with any real strength after approximately 5 minute . i certainly understand that it be mean for small job but when a product be advertise as ideal for vacuum pet hair -lrb- and have a attachment for such -rrb- then it be realistic to believe that it will have sufficient charge to vacuum a couch . unfortunately this be not the case and bring i to my second complaint : the product description on amazon make no mention of a short battery life , which i can understand give how abysmal it be . from a company that , in my experience , make superior product , black & decker should be ashamed for release such a pitifully poor hand vac . let i counter other review and opinion that the battery need to be condition prior to first use and the vacuum be not mean to be use for more than a few minute at a time and other such asinine comment . anyone who have any experience with rechargeable battery should know that the battery in this vacuum be exceptionally bad . do you research and do not believe the positive review which , in my more furious moment with this device , make i believe be plant by b&d; 's marketing division . -lrb- j\/k , though you may feel the same if you buy this despite other customer warning . -rrb- to be fair , everything else about the vacuum be exceptional base on those glorious first five minute . should black & decker recall this sorry product and re-engineer the battery a standard will be set to which all other handheld vacuum will aspire .
581	Vacuum	NEG	2	i like the vacuum , but my wife find it awkward so we return it . most of the weight be in the middle and it can make the vacuum feel heavier than it be . i find it to be a nuisance to have to fold it in half to charge it . suction be good .
355	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum suck and i do not mean that in a good way . this vacuum drain you battery if use for over 30 min . we buy the recommend a\/c adaptor which do not work with this vacuum . this be purchase for we service tech and it be a lose . i do not recommend .
200	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum have give we nothing but problem since we have have it . after the first month of use it the suction of the hose would not work properly if the whole sweeper be not take apart and clean in the sink after only a week worth of use . then it would start to stink like rot fish after use and wash under warm water , which the instruction say to do to clean the filter . would never buy this or recommend to anyone !
254	Vacuum	NEG	1	i get this vacuum a few week ago and i hate it , it be awful it do not really suck up anything . i would not recommend this : -rrb-
256	Vacuum	NEG	1	we buy this vacuum because it come with a warranty . when it break we take it to a authorized service center who say that either the fan or the roller be break , and neither would be cover under the warranty . we then call the customer service line , and we be tell that the two-year warranty have expire . and , in fact , we do buy the vacuum 26 month ago . so it seem that -lrb- 1 -rrb- if it have be within the warranty period repair would not have be cover , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the vacuum be such poor quality that it break almost immediately after the warranty expire . be this a joke ?
297	Vacuum	NEG	2	i have have this vacuum for 9 month now . the roller brush stop so i put a new belt on that come with the vacuum . it work for one day before it break again . vacuum repair guy say it need a new roller brush and be go to cost i $ 75 to repair . that be half of what it cost in the first place . four year ago , i buy a 12 amp dirt devil very basic vacuum for $ 30 -lrb- because i have mostly tile -rrb- . it be still run great , just think i need a more powerful vacuum ... i think wrong . bigger be not always better ... oh yeah , my mom also have a eureka vacuum a little older than mine - totally different model and guess what ? same thing happen to she vacuum cleaner ! so now i be face with do i fix or do i buy another ? if i do decide to buy another , it will not be a eureka .
787	Vacuum	NEG	2	i be so po would i waste $ 57 on this . i buy this to dust around the comp. , phone , printer , etc. on the desk and because it get a 4 star rating on 85 hit . let that be a lesson . i agree with the bad review . short run time , long charge time , plus ergonomically awkward to use . i put a shoulder strap on it -lrb- need a hand free to move stuff -rrb- and a better brush head but the short run time -lrb- 5 min ? -rrb- and long charge time -lrb- every time , not just the first time -rrb- still make it a bust . build quality seem good so maybe it 'll work for someone with different need than i . in they defense , i have a b&d; dustbuster floor vac that i love and run 4 time longer even with the powerhead go .
111	Vacuum	NEG	2	it start out well but putter out after only a year . it be cheap but you would have to buy a new one yearly . that be a waist of resource and i hate the `` make it cheap and make it not last '' business practice . i replace the bag regularly , replace the filter but it just have poor pick-up and that be the whole point of a vacuum . when you have to run over the thing you can see 3-4 time to get it , how many thing that can not be see be be leave every time you vacuum ?! this replace a dyson -lrb- that last year ! -rrb- and will be replace by a dyson .
641	Vacuum	NEG	1	pro : - good suction - the hepa filter be nice although i do not know how to gauge the effectiveness of it - easy to switch between floor and hose suction - can turn off the brush when do bare floor con : - heavy - attachment fall off while vacuum - not easy to assemble the attachment - the handle release foot switch mechanism be a bent piece of metal house in fragile plastic which break after a few month . unfortunately that plastic housing be all part of the base of the vacuum so you have to replace the whole bottom of the vacuum . - since i forget to call eureka within the first year of purchase i be tell i would have to pay for the replacement part even though i tell they it break within the first three month . i ask to speak to a manager and be tell none be available and one would could call i back which never happen . i think the part be around $ 30 with shipping which be a substantial amount compare to the cost of the vacuum . i could not bring myself to pay for the part so we live with a vacuum that fall over which make i angry every time i have to vacuum ! so since eureka make a fatally flaw vacuum and will not support it or create a replacement part that fix the flaw i will never buy a product from they again .
780	Vacuum	NEG	2	after research consumer report , i buy the above captioned vacuum cleaner instead of buy another hoover to replace my twenty-one year old machine . the eureka come without its tool or wand . the yellow switch that be suppose to toggle between floor and carpet just flop , unattached to anything . the vacuum do a good job on the carpet , but i only have one carpeted room . it do not pick up anything from the bare floor , include cherrios , rug fuzz which it throw off the carpet onto the floor , kitty litter or dust . and , yes , i do switch the indicator -lrb- not the yellow switch -rrb- from carpet to floor as the eureka customer service rep. ask i . it be heavy -- on my scale , 23 pound , without the box . if i still have say box , i would return it this minute . i have not be able to try the hose attachment since the promise wand and tool have not arrive . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
711	Vacuum	NEG	2	this be probably my fault for not read more carefully but i think this would be a good vacuum for my car , to clean the upholstery and floor as well as the mat . it be actually a mini size which would be ok for a computer keyboard but nothing else that i could use it for so needless to say , i be very disappointed .
397	Vacuum	NEG	1	after read a lot of review i think this would be great for quick cleaning small amount of pet hair , crumb , dirt , et cetera , off hard flooring . this be so much work to use , and make a really unpleasant noise , that i end up buy another vacuum cleaner just a few day after get this . it be basically a really expensive mini-vac\/dust devil type of thing , but not very efficient . the only thing good about it be that it be rechargeable and do not require a bag -lrb- which be why i think i would give it a shot -rrb- . it be currently charge in a closet , where it will probably spend most of its time until i get around to donate it to some thrift store .
915	Vacuum	NEG	2	great cleaning pwer for this bag use upright vacuum , but its 21 pound heft make it very difficult to use . we return it after one attempt at use . we be fairly athletic people in we 50s , and we still find it difficult to push around . the roller should be motorize and the heft take out of the upright canister to make this more user friendly . btw , amazon sell the bag and belt for this vacuum cleaner , which we buy along with the vacuum . the bag and blet come from a different vendor , and they do not accept return . we be stick with this stuff !!!
229	Vacuum	NEG	1	i be so excited to get this product . i think it be the coolest vacuum ever make , then i open the box . after wait for 24 hour for it to charge , i finally get to use it . i once again think it be the coolest portable vacuum ever make . this last for less then 5 minute . by the time i clean the cat hair off of one chair and some cat hair under a couple of table , it start lose power . it run for less than 5 minute !!! i think i have a defective product until i begin read the hundred of review that say the same thing . the worst part be that you can not even plug it in and use it . you can not use the unit while it be on the charger ! 24 hour later , you get five more minute . for a portable vacuum , this thing be expensive . . it be not worth the money . . you will be extremely disappointed . . mine be get return . .
790	Vacuum	NEG	2	i use the overwhelming positive review star to decide to buy this good featured vacuum . the good feature be true . the design concept show the light be on , but nobbody be home . my complaint : the motor be place high up on the machine handle so when you lower the handle to use it , you end up `` carry '' the bulk of the motor weight the whole time you be vacuum . this be so stupid i can not even believe anyone be in charge of ergonomic design review at eureka . the foot pedal release be screwy - need to be push sideways instead of downward to release the handle for vacuum . again , screwy and flawed design concept . i try use it for 30 minute and return it , after hand on a few other vacuum at the store .
899	Vacuum	NEG	1	buy this vacuum 2 month age and as much as i would like to say it suck - it doesnt . a 100 year old person with emphysema could suck in more air than this piece of junk do . i will never buy a bissell vacuum again . terrible product !!!!
748	Vacuum	NEG	2	first off , do not buy this vacuum if you think you will use the hose\/attachments to clean drapes\/furniture . for some unfathomable reason detach the hose open up a unfiltered exhaust ; whatever you vacuum with the attachment blow right out the back , cover the vacuum , the vacuumer , and the room you just vacuum in dust . it be literally worse than do nothing . the build quality seem pretty cheap ; a plastic clip snap off when i attach the handle , and this be with i follow the direction and not force anything . for floor vacuuming , i can not seem to find a setting for most of my rug that allow the vacuum to glide while still pick up dirt . the three filter system be also ridiculous . why this vacuum get such rave review be totally beyond i . i be between this vacuum and the eureka airspeed and settle on the bissell since target be closer to i than walmart . if i be you i would try the airspeed .
152	Vacuum	NEG	1	it be good at the beginning . it fairy clean well the floor , but i be not use it for a while , about 4 month or so and try to use it . then it stop work after 1minute . i think it may be because the battery be not charge fully , so i charge until it be full . same thing . it stop work after 1 minute or so . try to charge and use for a few time . same thing ... there be another review about the battery , so i guess i need to buy a different cleaner .
986	Vacuum	NEG	2	i be disgust with this this vacuum and especially eureka - buy eureka at you own risk . i have problem with the hose almost immediately after only light usage . the plastic end tip of the hose start to chip away as if it be make of thin glass . and even worse , the hose tear where it attach to plastic end-wand . by the time i get around to call eureka , my warranty have expire so they tell i to go pound sand -lrb- even though this be a serious design problem -rrb- . another problem i have experience be , on occasion , when i turn the vac on , a huge dirt cloud be spew from the vac -lrb- even though there be no obstruction , and the bag be fresh and properly install -rrb- . i be not sure , but it may have be because i have accidentally have the hose\/floor setting on `` hose '' and the brush setting on `` floor '' . nevertheless , this be probably a common oversight and it should not cause dirt to be spew throughout you whole house -lrb- kind of defeat the purpose of have a vacuum -rrb- . i do a duct tape repair on the hose which work for a while , but eventually have to fork over a bunch of money for a new hose . unless eureka have address they serious problem with this vac , and you have make the mistake of buy it , i highly recommend reinforce the hose\/wand connection with some duct tape ; or you too will soon be buy a new hose . another maddening issue be that the hose be way too short ; it should be about 3 ' longer - it will drive you crazy . i have own many vac in the past and have never have problem like these ; especially with hose fall apart . i will say that the vac do have excellent suction ; but that do not help you much if you vac blow dirt all over you house and the hose fall apart . eureka owe everyone a refund with interest and a apology for this pile of rubbish that they continue to push on unsuspecting consumer . my rating of two star be too generous .
706	Vacuum	NEG	1	we buy this vacuum after wear out a older hoover . we have high hope . maybe if we have spend a lot more money we could have get a better vacuum , but we old one cost we less than $ 60 and have great suction power until it finally die . the problem , as state with another reviewer , be the foam filter and the filter inside of it . once they be dirty , which happen rather quickly , you have to wash they out and then you have to wait for they to completely dry before you can vacuum again . if they have any dirt\/dust in they , then you lose a great deal of suction power . the brush seem to work well to remove thing from the carpet surface . but with no suction power , i can feel that the carpet be still dirty . and the brush pick thing up , but do not seem to actually brush the carpet surface . you know the line you get in the nap of the carpet as you vacuum ? even with the lowest setting , i do not see these . you can not get through a vacuum session with this machine without need to wash the filter . i do not need to have one more thing to clean . i do not have the time to wait to get my cleaning do . my husband 's dust allergy be intensify now that this be we vacuum . the dirt canister be easy to empty . i can not reccommend this vacuum to anyone , especially those with child . it just do not do the job . i 'll have to find a different tool .
800	Vacuum	NEG	1	total junk , plastic mechanism to engage and disengage roller break from day one , my mistake be not pack it up and send it back . order it from amazon be no problem .
253	Vacuum	NEG	1	the first time i use my new bissell it work great - it pick up all the hair and dirt that my cheapie old vac could not handle ... but the first time i have to empty it i just figure it be because it pick up so much dirt my old one miss i do not think it would be so dirty to empty it - just take out the main filter cause dust and hair to fly out of the compartment and all around you - then the foam filter on the bottom be coat with a fine dirt so i wash it ... now everytime i vacuumn it smell like wet dog - i try put a dryer sheet in the bottom filter but it only work after you have vacummn for about 5 minute & then its time to empty the filter again ... its disgusting and a huge process that you basically have to vacuumn again to clean up the mess of empty so just think i would warn anyone who be think of purchase that i do not know if its because i have a dog and cat or that it just suck but i waste my money cause i have to go get a new one - any recomendation ??
970	Vacuum	NEG	1	i purchase this vacuum to use on we boat . the only good thing about it be that it could be plug into one of we auxilliary outlet . the problem be that there be not enough suction to even pick up a dog hair !
572	Vacuum	NEG	1	okay i pay $ 60 for this po for it to keep a full charge only for about 5 minute . the packaging say `` 70 % more suction '' but it only last for a couple minute . & once you first get it you have to charge it for 21 hour . i would rather have purchase a mini vac with a cord if i know it be go to be such a hassle . there be no way you can clean you house with this . you would be vac-cumming , recharge , vac-cumming , recharge for day . im go to return this tomorrow to the store i purchase it from . complete waste of time & money . i guess i should have read the review on it before i buy it . my mistake .
545	Vacuum	NEG	2	useless i get it because i have a bad back and think it would take the stress off as mop , sweeping an vacume be really bad -lrb- painful -rrb- for a bad back , but i spend as much time bend over try to get it unstuck that it doesn ; t matter . it do not do the whole room anyway
696	Vacuum	NEG	1	do not buy this vacuum . i work in a group home and we have this vacuum that we use every day to vacuum the carpet and it be a piece of junk ! the vacuum have no suction what so ever to speak off . it barely pick up piece of paper on the floor , much less dirt from the floor . i be constantly clean the filter because they get clog so easily . the other day , after clean the filter and the helix tool , the vacuum still have no suction and i be look to replace it with something better . stay away from this vacuum .
512	Vacuum	NEG	2	at first i love it - good suction and easy to handle . but it get clogged easily and now i can not find a replacement belt and really do not want to take it to a repair shop to have someone do it for i for $ 50 !
791	Vacuum	NEG	1	i buy one of these as a gift for my mother who have be use a b&d; cfv1200 for 8 year without any problem -lrb- even the battery still hold a charge for a 10 minute vacuum -rrb- . anyway , i think the psv1800 would be a leap forward in technology , efficiency and usefulness . possibly it be if it work . the one i purchase have two problem right out-of-the-box : 1 . the on\/off switch do not work at all , it do not even budge ; 2 . the charger base led -lrb- and possibly the charger -rrb- do not work . on another note who know , since the unit can not be switch on . of course , the typical run around with b&d; . it use to be that american company be superior to other . the product be also better . b&d; be definitely a american icon or use to be . how can a company pack a vacuum cleaner without check to see if it work ?! they do put a plastic block device on the switch so it would not switch on accidentally but then how could it if the switch do not even budge ? anyway , on a positive note : amazon.com do try to help but in this specific case could not . so i be drop black & decker from my list of favs and be push amazon.com up by another notch . thank goodness there still be good american company in the age when chevy 's be make off-shore !
131	Vacuum	NEG	2	i purchase this vacuum today at a local dealer and return it today ! i get it home and immediately plug it in only to find the power brush would not work . after 3 phone call back and forth , we discover the wand be defective . i can say , it be a quiet well design vacuum . but at $ -lrb- ... -rrb- + tax , i expect everything to be perfect ! so back it go . i would tell anyone who want this vacuum , make sure you try the one you will be buy , in the store , before you leave . or be prepare to do some postal shipping and more wait . i for one , decide it be too soon to be replace part , so i just become disillusioned and return the whole thing . to miele i say , you quality control be no better than china , taiwan , etc. . i guess so call `` german '' craftsmanship be go !
933	Vacuum	NEG	1	i seem to always fall for b&d; 's product and continue to be dissapoint . they always seem great in design and initial use then within a few use the battery power be woefully inadequate . if you do some research you will find b&d; battery power product like this vaccuum or firestorm product have terrible and cheap battery . i follow the instruction on the ridiculous 5 min operating 20 hour charge process even make sure to set reminder to unplug the charger after20 hour since it do not even have a smart charger . now after only 8 or 10 short use and recharge cycle it be already dramatically decline in run time . as awesome as this vac could be , with it be drawback consider it be not worth use even if you could get it for free . imo look for sopmethe that use a liion battery system . stay away
382	Vacuum	NEG	2	this vacuum be rank very high in consumer report when i purchase it around 5 year ago . it work fine , no major complaint until now . it be not a old vacuum -lrb- 5 year of use , maybe 100 use in its life -rrb- and it fritz out on i yesterday . motor be seize and short out . this be just from normal usage . it be too expensive to repair so i 'll have to end up get a new one . i be not happy as i expect a lot more from it .
224	Vacuum	NEG	1	i purchase this to pick up cat litter from wood floor . the suction be so weak that i have to use the beater bar on wood floor ; even then it often require several pass to pick up litter . just when you think it have finally suck up the litter or other debris , it will spit it out a few pass later or if you even slightly jar the vacuum . very disappointing ! i wish i have return this piece of crap when i could . i be look for a replacement and will be more careful to research amazon review specifically re cat litter and hardwood floor -lrb- live and learn -rrb- !
527	Vacuum	NEG	1	not the easiest design to clean ... but do not really matter becuase it have not work since we clean it . i be positive it be put back together correctly . just do not have suction now . cheap .
217	Vacuum	NEG	1	eureka ... yep that sum it up . eureka what have i do ? heavy heavy ! you gotta be a heavy weight champ with `` big gun '' to make this thing move . it propel itself forward , but if it go off course ... good luck . pull this machine back towards you be a `` feat unto itself '' . the attachment be a total pain in the # \*\* . to dial from carpet to flooring be another task that only the the `` toughest and strongest '' should do . i hate this machine . i wish i could return it , but i already use it ! i be no whimp lady and gent ... but this machine be bulky , clumsy and down right burdensome . the only star i give , be that be suck ... really suck . -lrb- ha , play on word -rrb- - good suction , bag the junk and keep it from fly back into the air -lrb- hepa filter -rrb- , but suck for what i pay for it . i be on a quest for a new machine . any suggestion ?
418	Vacuum	NEG	2	the `` cyclonic-action '' in the product description be mislead . it make you think this be similar to a dyson which have cyclonic-action and not lose suction . this vacuum have a old-style filter which obstruct the airway and lose suction when the filter get clog . the filter be also not very fine . small dust particle get suck in and then blow out the other end . and the suction be not strong enough to pick up large particle unless you hand feed they directly into the tip of the nozzle . the long pivoting nose have no benefit in cleaning inside a car . the hose\/brush attachement work better , but then you get less suction .
295	Vacuum	NEG	1	we have 2 cat , one of whom constantly shed 1-inch guard hair . i estimate -lrb- from brushing he -rrb- that the amount he shed per day be about as much as you can hold in you cupped hand . i find that after each run , the roomba must be clean , and this take a really long time since the cat fur get stick and wrap around the brush 's gear shaft to the point where you need scissors to get they off . the fur also get stick on the brush , cause the roomba to stop pick up any more fur after a short while . all in all , it be faster and much less messy to just vacuum , than it be to clean the roomba of cat fur after a single run . although the pet series roomba may work well for dog , i find it do not work well for cat . i regret have get this device .
485	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum be horrible . the battery life be about 5 minute and it take a long time to charge . it also do not suck good ! it be the biggest waste of money ever . this vacuum do not even deserve 1 star !
268	Vacuum	NEG	1	i buy one of these about 6 week ago . i have give it very little use and it have already lose suction - almost completely . another thing be it be extremely loud . it should come with earplug . a shame , really . just one of the many plastic item which will quickly end up in a landfill and stay there for age .
265	Vacuum	NEG	2	have have this machine for 3 year now . clean very well but be heavy , cumbersome and attachment easily fall off sweeper . hose be also difficult to work with . i do not know who c.r. have evaluate this machine , but it deserve no higher than a two-plus , and that be be generous .
150	Vacuum	NEG	2	this little vacuum sound great , especially since it carry a name i trust , but i wish i would purchase something else . it be great for quick job like crushed potato chip in the carpeting after family movie night or dust bunny in-between my cabinet and my fridge , but its charge be unacceptably short and i find myself race through my house to get thing do with it . and it take forever to charge back to full power . i have also find that the white-box portion of the vacuum 's plug get hot while plug into the outlet so i do not leave it plug in overnight or while i be go . at the very least , i wish i have the option to use the vacuum plug in versus cordless . it be lightweight and have good suction , but be almost useless to i when i can only use it for short burst of cleaning .
568	Vacuum	NEG	1	i do not know how they rate this product so high . i never buy any vacuum like this before . every single accessory be not able to stay on the behind . they drop everywhere once unse it include the hose . it be end up in the trashtruck 1 month after i buy it . thanks god i do it !
523	Vacuum	NEG	1	essentially , it be a dust buster on wheel . the vacuum opening be only a few inch wide . there be not any vacuum power , and there be not any brush . additionally , it get stick on everything . the first time i run it on my carpet . it travel 10 foot , and then get stick on the heating duct grate on the floor . the second try i run it on the linoleum in the kitchen . it travel 3 foot , turn toward the carpet and get stick on the threshold between the linoleum and the carpet . the third try , i put it on short dense office building type carpeting . there be a 1\/8 inch thick cord tape to the floor with duct tape . the unit travel 5 foot , and then get stick on the cord .
492	Vacuum	NEG	2	we have have the sweeper out of the box for about 10 day . we have use it quite a bit and enjoy it even though it be a very heavy sweeper . we have replace the bag already due to all of the dust it pick up . we be in the middle of ` spring cleaning ' we 3rd room last night and when i check on the bag , the front handle break . i seem to go back together , but it come back off . not even a hour later , the tilt-relase lever break . i think it too just come unsnapped , but after fall off 3-4 time , i realize that it have break off too . the piece that break be part of the base and not cheaply\/easily replace . needless to say , it 'll be back in the box and back to the store shortly . now we be think about a dyson , but can not afford it right now . we previous dirt devil last we about 12 year . the previous eureka before that only last about 4 . i also do not like the tube design on the new eureka . i find out my dirt devil tube that be easier to use fit the new eureka .
903	Vacuum	NEG	1	if you plan on use for more then 10 minute do not buy this item . i charge it for 1 day and when i go to use it 10 minute later it die on i . i think it be defect so i call black & decker and they tell i that this vacuum only last 10 minute of vacuum time i be shock ! i have never hear of a vacuum last only 10 minute . if amazon would have put that important info i would have never buy this or let someone else buy it ! this be the worst vacuum ever please do not waste your money !
750	Vacuum	NEG	1	i spend a considerable amount on my miele . however , it have be plague with breakage of the poorly design cheaply make plastic part . one of the tiny e lid hinge snap . it be very small , flimsy design , and do not belong on a machine at this elevated price point . the dealer state it be not cover under waranty . i have a problem with the electrical connection in the power wand as well . i be never buy miele again . company like miele have no business building product out of cheap fragile plastic . it show complete lack of integrity and disregard for the end user who get screw with expensive repair .
170	Vacuum	NEG	1	it be great for a month or so but the battery keep get weaker and weaker . i throw it away . one star for longevity failure .
390	Vacuum	NEG	2	i spend a lot of time research vacuum and decide that we would buy this . i purchase it about 4 month ago . i realize that if i have purchase a $ 400 vacuum i probably would not have these issue , but we can not afford that . this vacuum do as all do and vacumm up the everyday dirt , but there be some issue i want to make sure other buyer be aware of prior to they purchase this product . the only good thing i have notice be that the one attachment -lrb- not the pet -rrb- work great on pet hair . better than my old dirt devil . if you do not mind my frustration outline below , then you will be happy with you purchase . my issue : 1 . the filter be horrible to clean and unless you clean they there be no suction . you have to clean two area and one do not remove from the vacuum so be almost impossible to clean . the filter itself be make of two section , a foam outer section and the inner filter . the only way to get it really clean be to wash it which be what the instruction say to do after every use . -lrb- which in itself be a pain . i have decide that it work fine to do every other time or so . -rrb- the issue be it take forever for the inner filter to dry . so make sure you have vacuum everything you need to prior to wash otherwise you can not use you vacuum with a wet filter . this happen to i , i realize i miss a large area and have to wait to vacuum it , and it make i really mad . 2 . if you be buy this for the pet attachment , do not . i try to use it and the attachment lock up and will not spin . have be unable to remedy and the tool be useless . 3 . my old vacuum have a way to shut off spin brush when use the hand attachment and i miss that . every time i use the hand tool i have to angle the vacuum so that it do not ruin my carpet . 4 . the hand attachment hose do not go very far at all . you have to keep the machine close to where ever you be use it . like i say earilier , it work well for the price , but just be aware of the frustration to use it . if you do clean the filter properly it do have decent suction and work well . happy shopping !
380	Vacuum	NEG	1	do not waste you money ! this vacum cleaner shut off after 1 minute of use ! i wish i never buy it ! what a waste of money ! its the biggest piece of crap on this planet ! take you $ 140.00 and through it in the river . its the same thing as buy this vacum cleaner ! what a piece of crap !
40	Vacuum	NEG	1	i have have this vacuum for about 2 year . in the begin it work okay but be loud and heavy . one day the belt break and since then i have be go through belt like crazy . although i buy the genuine eureka belt and have even buy the heavy duty one nothing seem to work and after about 20 minute the belt be break . after the third belt this week break i be do with this vacuum ! i also do not think it have that strong of suction . i borrow a friend vacuum -lrb- a bag-less cheapo one -rrb- and be shock to see the amount of dirt and dog hair that it suck up even though i have just vacuum that room a few day before . i would not recommend this vacuum , i think it would be better to save up a little more and get a better quality one . i wish i have .
454	Vacuum	NEG	2	mouth be too small , weak motor , too simple and where you roll the cord be in wrong place , should be behind , not at the side . and return be dificult , so better keep it for antigue . of course , if you do not turn on you car , do not work . its not good at all , its a waist money . do not buy . no sirve , no funciona , no pierda tu dinero .
344	Vacuum	NEG	1	i do not c how everyone say it be so great . barely touch the wood floor for small pickup and can not really move around on carpet . i do not even have pet . the suction be not strong at all . i be so anxious and excited to order , then be so dissappointed . true , the cord be long and it be light weight . but the rest be false information .
693	Vacuum	NEG	1	i just buy this at target today -lrb- $ 99 -rrb- and i could barely lift it off the charger . it be very heavy and awkward . it be go back tomorrow .
119	Vacuum	NEG	1	bought brand new . vacuum a small camper floor and the battery die . very poor battery life . should be cord . if it be cord i would give it 5 star .
736	Vacuum	NEG	2	the vacuum itself when new be excellent . it do a great job of cleaning , have plenty of suction and agitate and groom carpet really well . the allergen reduction system -lrb- filter bag , motor filter and `` hepa '' filtration on the exhaust -rrb- be pretty good at reduce airborne particle . that be say , the quality of most of the material be pretty poor and some of the engineering choice be really questionable . the vacuum have a spring-loaded dingus that remove the roller load from the motor when it be lock in the upright position or when you manually toggle the bare floor setting . initially , this work alright -lrb- if not a bit kludgey ... -rrb- however , after 12 month or so of use , mine stop disengage the roller and would burn through the thin plastic belt if you do not immediately toggle the bare floor switch . i be sort of reluctant to live with this , but since it be really the only issue with the machine at this point , it be not too terrible . just lock it upright , flip the switch . tilt the handle back , untoggle the switch . this allow i to keep the machine from eat belt and save i from have to hear the roller spin and rattle in the upright position . we continue to use the vacuum in this condition for a while , but since it be out of warranty , the price to fix the broken belt mechanism be go to be about the same as a new machine . it end up lasting another 6 month or so until this week when it decide to start burn through belt even when the mechanism be set to bare floor , the exhaust filter retention bracket -lrb- cheap plastic -rrb- become brittle and break when we change the filter and the bag retention mechanism -lrb- again , cheap plastic -rrb- become brittle and break when we replace the bag , and the left bearing cap melt -lrb- i would wager due to the heat cause by the weird belt condition -rrb- now , this be not the result of mistreat or beat on it or anything . these part merely wear out over the course of 18 month , which i suppose be not terrible when some of the reviewer have indicate a machine life of less than 12 month . i would not really recommend this unit to anyone unless you enjoy replace vacuum cleaner every 12 month . ours have since be replace by a hoover platinum upright that feel much more solid , have a better warranty and comparable suction and allergen reduction , which we be extremely happy with .
639	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum be really easy to put together . it be work fine for about 5 minute after assemble it , then start make a choke noise and completely lose suction . i check the tube and there be no clog - i do not even have anything on my carpet other than dust . i return it the same day and purchase a hoover instead .
907	Vacuum	NEG	2	not as powerful as i think , its a ok vacuum cleaner but not excellent one . it just suck animal hair from carpet , do not suck all the dirt on the carpet .
684	Vacuum	NEG	2	buy this vac after read review and check consumer report site . the suction be terrific and it seem to be build by the romans . it would likely be very suitable for a large house with thick wall to wall carpet . however , my house have hardwood floor with fringed area rug . the vacuum be so powerful that you have to be very careful around rug fringe and it be so heavy that it be very tiring to use on hardwood floor -lrb- although it offer this setting -rrb- . the foot pedal be extremely stiff which be very annoying , and the cord fastener -lrb- which pin down the last bit of cord when you wind it up for storage -rrb- be so stiff that it be unusable . i be search for something more suitable for my house .
973	Vacuum	NEG	1	i purchase this vacuum after carefully read the amazon review and think i have do due diligence . well , after 4 use , the foot control which allow you to move the vacuum from the upright lock position to the normal position fall off . it go back on easily enough , but fall off again after every second use . the vacuum be very heavy , too heavy for my wife to use . it seem typical of the modern mindset ; lot of cool tool that fall off at the slightest provocation , be noisy , and do not generate much suction when use it without the brush on bare floor . it do seem to do a decent job on carpet if you do not mind put its part back on as you work you way through the house . but it sure look bright and shiny come out of the box . in my mind , it be barely functional . i feel that i waste my money on yet another disposable , use it for a year and throw-it-away piece of junk .
440	Vacuum	NEG	1	i have have this vacuum for 3 year and it just completely fall apart on i . first the attachment begin chip off , the hose get a big rip in it , then the foot pedal break off , and now the upright part will not stand straight because it break as well . it have very good suction , but the plastic material they make these vacuum out of be total crap ! the design be very poor . i go to try a different company now .
73	Vacuum	NEG	2	they be slow in shipping and be $ 30 . higher than lowes . the product it be self work great .
583	Vacuum	NEG	2	for the price only buy if you plan on use for 5 minute . very dissapointed in product for the price . i manage a retail store . buy the item to clean dust ect . first problem be the filter start to clog and have to clean in first 2-3min . this be normal cleaning . after clean filter 2-3 min . latter the vacuum lose battery power . for quick , and i mean quick cleanup be ready to to have on the charger 20 hour and clean power of 5-6 minute . not worth the $ 69.99 price .
924	Vacuum	NEG	1	i be amaze anyone like this . have we standard get so low that we think this be a good - even a acceptable - product ? i buy it to vacuum my suv . i charge it for about a week , then use it for the first time . it begin to lose power after 3 minute . as soon as it start to lose power , it lose suction . at the 7 minute mark it be out of power . there be no power cord where you can plug it directly into a electical socket . there be only a cord for recharge it . so unless you vehicle be clean enough where you only need 3 minute with a vacuum - in which case , why bother clean it ? - do not rely on this to do the job . mine 's go back to the store . too bad ... the attachment be nice , and the dust bucket be easy to empty . then again , since it do not have much suction , empty the dust bucket be not a issue .
69	Vacuum	NEG	2	i have have a eureka the boss smart vac for a few year now and i absolutely hate use it . yes , it have good suction , but what good be suction if you do not use the machine because you hate it so much . first , it be way too heavy and hard to maneuver . the hose constantly flop all over and never stay on the track where it be suppose to be store . . bad design there . then , it do not lay flat to vacuum under furniture . if you try to put the handle near the floor to go under furniture , the beater be lift off the floor . oh yes , also , the attachment do not stay attach to the unit when not in use . i have use this vacuum for the last time . i plan to get a lightweight dyson and let my husband use this pain in the hand , arm and back downstari in he workshop .
424	Vacuum	NEG	1	i get this product for christmas so i can not return it . i can not believe how many good review this prodict get . first , the beater bar stop work . i take it apart and find that a wire have come loose . i fix that . then by the third time i use this piece of junk the battery run down after 30 seconds of use . it continue to run down after 30 seconds or less of use , with a full charge . it be heavy . the suction be horrible . it will not pick up cat litter off of we hard wood floor . please do not buy this product . even when it work it do not do a good or decent job . i tell my husband the next time he go to the dump to take this with he .
979	Vacuum	NEG	1	my wife buy this vac after we dyson dc14 stop be effective -lrb- hose crack and poor suction -rrb- . i be excite to get a try at the latest and greatest bagless technology -lrb- and not spend hundred of dollar -rrb- but be sorely disappoint . 3 area where this vacuum need improvement 1 -rrb- quality be poor . out of the box the plastic wheel be out of round and rolling be not smooth . i can not understand why manufacturer shave a few nickel on basic element that form first impression . 2 -rrb- `` bagless '' feature be worthless . i be a big fan of bagless ... i want to open a canister , dump it in the trash , and not have to replace bag ... and i want to avoid have to get my hand dirty . the bagless feature on the bissell be really a secondary dirt trap to the two air filter that do most of the work . the vacuum quickly loss section after clean a handful of room . the air filter need to then be disassemble , hand wash , and dry before the vacuum will perform reasonably again . a nasty , dirty job that negate the purpose of buy a bagless vac . 3 -rrb- the turbo-brush look pretty impressive ... and i be hope we carpeted step would look clean after use it , but the design almost render the brush non-functional . the device have a rotate brush\/wheel contraption that look like it would clean mightily . unfortunately , the brush\/wheel be power by the vacuum 's suction , and as soon as the brush come in contact with the carpet it stop rotate . maybe on smooth flooring or berber style carpet this would be ok but not on normal carpet . if my wife could find the receipt i would take this back in a heartbeat .
416	Vacuum	NEG	1	i try to cancel the order after read some review on this but amazon send it anyway . this be a waste of time and money . the motor work when you turn it on but it do not vacuum anything . maybe it work on the molecular scale but do not clean up any dust on my keyboard or anything else . maybe this be a joke thing like a fake poo or split ink bottle ... for those of you that remember the `` pet rock '' , that be more practicle than this vacuum thing .
431	Vacuum	NEG	1	because i work in a different state from where i actually live , i buy this 18-month ago in order to have a vacuum cleaner in the apartment i be rent . it seem to work ok but it be not long before i notice that the dirt never make it through the hose into the clear area where it be suppose to accumulate . i look up information about this and it be suggest that i could wash the filter , so i have try that but nothing happen . now , about every other time i vacuum i have to remove the hose and clean out all the dust and fiber that have accumulate . i have hear that bagless vacuum be bad , but this one seem to barely suck the dirt off the top of the carpet and i certainly do not feel like it ever provide a good cleaning . i be pretty sure when i move out of this apartment i should borrow a decent vacuum from a friend in order to give the carpet a good cleaning . i be also glad that i own a hoover at my actual house and i certainly would not consider buy another bissell after this experience .
967	Vacuum	NEG	1	i use the `` boss '' 6 time and the belt break . i be amaze that when i go to replace it i find that it be paper thin . -lrb- i have to go to 4 store before i find a replacement at wall mart , and they only have one because i be sure it break all the time -rrb- . i feel the it be also big and bulky . i also find that it be hard to release the upright position with the foot pedal , it be like kick start a motor cycle ! steer clear
579	Vacuum	NEG	1	i do a lot of research before buy this vacuum . i finally narrow my selection down to two machine and go with the eureka because it be a trust name and i have a canister vacuum by they that i adore . this purchase be such a mistake . at the same time that i be buy my vacuum , my mother be buy one as well . we both need a upright vacuum that could handle pet hair and carpeting . i be completely oppose to bagless vac and she be open to whatever would get the job do . she end up purchase the shark navigator after watch they infomercial for a hour . when she shipment arrive i put it together for she and be actually pretty impressed . i tend to associate infomercial product with useless pasta drainer and clumsy at-home gym equipment . but this vacuum be nice . it be lightweight and clean they old carpeting really well . but i feel confident in my eureka and be excite that it would be arrive any day . so the eureka arrive and it be beautiful . bright red and shiny ! just look at the box get i excited for all the feature . a spotlight ! pet attachment ! brush ! extension nozzle !!! i could not wait . i begin put the machine together and immediately notice how heavy it be . i do not let that bother i because i purchase this vacuum strictly for my upstairs . i plan on leave it upstairs and keep my canister vacuum downstairs for the bare floor . if i do not have to lug it up and down the stair all the time , who care if it be a bit on the cumbersome side ? well , i do ! once i finally deposit all of the attachment in they proper spot and drag the thing upstairs i decide to take it for a whirl . do the carpet look clean ? yes . but , this be brand new carpet only a month old , so it be not the best test . but it definitely pick up all the pet hair and my looooong hair strand . but i could not even enjoy the clean carpet because i be in a full body sweat after vacuum two small bedroom -lrb- 14 x 11 -rrb- . literally . a full body sweat . this vacuum be so heavy to push and pull ... i have never experience anything like it . i should explain that i be in pretty decent shape . i run and lift weight regularly . and i be in my 20 's . my 5 minute vacuum test drive be exhaust from the weight of the machine and the extra bend down i have to do every few seconds because all of the attachment and extra hose piece keep fall off . as i be start to put the vacuum away , i start inspect the piece and discover that the hose have several puncture mark on it ! these mark must have occur during shipping and\/or packaging . upon further inspection i notice that the hose feel incredibly fragile for belong to such a massively heavy piece of equipment . well , those hole be the nail in the proverbial coffin . heavy be one thing ... damage be another . so i be return the boss . and , yes , i already buy the shark . i be put it together tomorrow . p.s. i love amazon . they make the return incredibly easy . a otherwise infuriating experience be always mitigate by they superior customer service .
339	Vacuum	NEG	2	the tip of the philip screw be break off before it be package in celophane and seal . the crevice tool be not include and neither be the extension tool . vacuum have good suction . it be lightweight . i find the handle uncomfortable to hold and the standing height of the machine uncomfortably short . i be 5 ' 5 '' so not sure how someone taller would use . i have some arthritis in my hand which be usually not a problem in perform task . however this handle left my hand hurt after very brief use . overall i be disappointed give the many review praise machine and think the quality lower than my previous hoover . return item and will not purchase brand again .
233	Vacuum	NEG	1	i just throw away the miele s7210 . it be less than a year old . the bag will not stay on the post to catch the dirt . the part of the cover be make of such cheap plastic they break off . it not worth the massive amount of money . do not even consider this product !!!!
596	Vacuum	NEG	2	this be a replacement for a slightly different , older model dirt devil that last for year & give i good service . the model i now have be purchase in may 2010 and have not be use much . i use it very infrequently , mostly on my computer . i have a problem with this newer , improve model . when i press the `` on '' button it come on strongly , but within a few seconds lose power so much that it will not vacuum dust up . but , if i press the `` on '' button harder , or shift the point of maximum pressure to a slightly different place on the `` on '' button , the power get stronger , but then quickly subside to a low level . the result be that it be frustrating and essentially i can not usefully vacuum with it . it drive i nut as i try different way of press on the `` on '' button in a attempt to vacuum something up , and it just want to run in a very low power way that can not vacuum even dust up . i be guess that the battery be not the problem , but rather the problem be something to do with the `` on '' switch . i do not know . i send a email to the dirt devil people . if they take care of this problem i 'll post that info . otherwise ... maybe i just get a lemon ?
604	Vacuum	NEG	2	while this unit be powerful it be a beast . it be heavy , the cord be very stiff -lrb- even after two year -rrb- and always seem to get in the way . the handle release mechanism be very stiff and in stock foot be very difficult to release . i suspect that this unit be design by someone will not be use 2-3 time a week !
749	Vacuum	NEG	1	i purchase this for use on stair ... use it about a dozen time , and the motorized brush completely quit working . the vacuum be run and there be suction , but no brush . not much use . worked pretty great up to that point too ! not a very quality product - save you money .
354	Vacuum	NEG	2	vacuum be suppose to suck , but not the way this one do . the first time i use it , the belt that drive the brush spindle snap . to bissell 's credit , they replace it for no charge and the second belt have not break , though it slip off quite often . broken belt aside , the performance be lack considerably . the suction be not what it should be , especially if you do not clean the filter before every use . seriously , the filter need clean every time you use this thing which be a significant inconvenience . the last knock on this vacuum be the awful attachment selection . poor design , poor functionality . not a good buy .
900	Vacuum	NEG	2	have have similar -lrb- in blue -rrb- model for 2 yr now , and this be probably the hardest to use of all the vacuum we have have over the year . all the control to adjust the height and bare floor or carpet be on the base and hard to switch . for instance my wife can not move the switch between bare floor and carpet , i have to do it . the heppa filter exhaust be a bad design as it blow the dust bunny away from the front of the vacuum . it be the noisiest vacuum we have ever have . hard to push on carpet compare with other i have have . for instance i have a 15 yr old kenmore -lrb- which be actually a panasonic -rrb- that be quiet and a joy to use that we relegate to the upstairs , that i be consider bring back down again . you buy cheap , you get cheap .
587	Vacuum	NEG	1	until someone can email i at cloudninesterling@hotmail.com or reply to this comment and tell i how they could rate this anything over a `` i hate it '' , i refuse to believe other be rate the correct product . i have have this vacuum for a year and have re-try it about a dozen time . no matter what setting i put it on -lrb- from bare floor up to high carpet -rrb- it simply do not pick up debris from the few carpet i have in my home . this vacuum do not work . i throw mine in the dumpster today . mary jennifer pruim age 43 chicago , il
554	Vacuum	NEG	1	i be surpise by the postive review for this vacuum . the best thing about the vacuum be the design . it do not do what it be suppose to ! suck up dirt ! it be awful , there be no suction . it be a complete waste of $ 39.99 . i end up use a shop vac or go back to the car wash place now . do not waste you money on this . sure it look good but it do not work .
582	Vacuum	NEG	2	we be on we 2nd one of these . the first vacuum have the foot pedal come off frequently and and issue w \/ the height adjustment . we take it back to the retailer within 90 day for a replacement , per instruction from the eureka support hotline . the 2nd vacuum be better , but have issue . 1 -rrb- hose be too long on bottom by design , so it fall out of the cradle when not be use , so you have to pull excess slack back and make a loop at bottom . 2 -rrb- it go through belt quickly , if you suck up a sock or other , you have milli seconds to turn the power off , before the belt burn and break . 3 -rrb- if you bump the front plastic bumper , then it will start rub and make noise , then you have to pull the plastic back out . 4 -rrb- hose broke\/coming apart at connection to straight attachment , after 2 year .5 -rrb- belt clutch slip , when upright , you shut off the brush for hard floor cleaning . you find it spin when you do not expect and possibly scratch the surface or wear carpet in place . a major independent consumer magazine give this high mark , and usually i agree with they on product , but not this time . prior to this vacuum , my last eureka boss last 15 year , and work well , infrequently need belt . i do not think we will make 4 year w \/ this vacuum before throw it away .
59	Vacuum	NEG	1	battery life be horrible . . i be not sure what the folk that like it be use it for . . the filter seem to clog really easily and i can hardly get mine to pick up a piece of popcorn , its pretty useless . . the eureka hand hold vacuum 71b be a bizzilion time better . . its get a cord but its really long .
584	Vacuum	NEG	2	we have have this vac for about 4 year , and the power brush have die , and the motor be make a horrible noise . from the begin it have always be `` fine '' - it pick up any blatant dirt , but i certainly will not go around brag about the suction here . it have never be very ergonomic , every move seem to be very labor with this thing , and switching between hard floor and carpet be a pain . yeah , it work , but i would hold out for something better .
686	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum quite work with a few month . one of the worst decision i have ever make .
660	Vacuum	NEG	1	this be the 5th vacuum i have ever own in my life . i have have it for 5 month now and absolutely can not stand it . it emit a high pitched shrill when in operation and be exremely loud . it give i a headache listen to it . it be annoy that it always switch into bare floor mode when upright . every single time i use it , i have to lean down and change it off bare floor to carpet . the release latch be difficult to engage & i can not do it just by a simple step on it . i have to lean down & pry it open with my hand . the power button be not conveniently located . it be on the main shaft , require the user to lean way down to turn it on rather than it be a simple flick from the handle . i also do not like the `` power paw '' attachment located on the very front top . it be constantly get knock off . i have not notice that be do any particular better cleaning than any other machine i have own . i definitely would not have purchase it if i have try it out in a store before-hand rather than get it on line .
759	Vacuum	NEG	1	end up pick one of these up on a door buster sale . -lrb- ... -rrb- i have a old 2.0 hp shop vac i have be want to replace with something more powerful . you would think this stanley should blow it out of the water with 5.5 hp . it do not . the old 2.0 hp shop vac have better suction than this pricey stanley . not to mention the stanley still maintain the same narrow 1.25 inch pickup hose which become a issue when it get clog . i re-box the stanley and be seriously consider return it and get my -lrb- ... -rrb- buck back . total low end junk vac despite the fancy stainless steel . i be go to be buy a craftsman or ridgid .
971	Vacuum	NEG	1	what a piece of junk , the plastic foot pedal come off after 2 week ; now the repair show be give i grief because i buy it on amazon and not from they .
388	Vacuum	NEG	1	i could not decide whether to buy the vacuum or not , the review be mix . well i purchase this vacuum and it really be just a poor design . 1 . the waste bucket be just what it be , but high tendency to jam up from the hose ... especially if you have someone with medium length hair . so be prepare to pull out hair and direct -lrb- yuck -rrb- the filter on the bottom of the waste bucket , be all chalky and gross all the time , leak out ! who design that ! 2 . the beater brush do not turn off when the vacuum be lock in the vertical position -lrb- to use the hose -rrb- . big issue !! the beater brush will still beat , and beat it will on you carpet ... all in one spot . i be prepare for this , since another reviewer mention it ... but what a pain to have to tilt the vacuum -lrb- so the beater be hit the floor -rrb- and use the hose . who design this ~ !!! 3 . suction be ok , size of area ok , and maneuverability be easy . its light enough to haul upstairs and downstairs . impossible to use on the the step . i do not recommend this item
884	Vacuum	NEG	1	i have receive the notification that this vacuum will be ship tomorrow . i click on amazon.com to order this vacuum because there be not shipping . i would not have order it from this location if i have know that shipping would be charge . i feel like i be trick . please delay shipping or whatever it take so that shipping be not charge . i do not have to receive this vacuum really soon .
376	Vacuum	NEG	1	we return this vaccum . the hose be too long and will not stay in it be place . it flop all over while you be vaccume . -lrb- have to wind it around the front of the machine to keep it from come undo . -rrb- the attachment fall out of they place as well , so you be always fiddle with they and the hose . the cord get tangle up with the hose and attachment , so that be another thing you have to stop and fix  eureka 4870mz boss smart-vac upright hepa vacuum cleaner  it seem to pick up well , but all the adjusting and fiddle negate that . not a user friendly item .
273	Vacuum	NEG	1	we get this vacuum because it have great review , and when we see the amazon price it be a do deal . i like to vacuum and could not wait to use it . it be easy to put together . it be very light , so light it feel cheep . the cord be very short so you have to change outlet often . to clean the filter you have to put you hand up inside it and dust fly 's everywhere , and it be just gross . when i use it i could not even get it to pick up grass that have be track in . when you try to use the hose , everything fly 's out the back end all over the place . we think maybe it be just that unit , so we return it to amazon -lrb- super easy -rrb- . they send we a new one right away . and same thing , nothing get suck up unless you have the time to go over each spot a dozen time . it be junk !
408	Vacuum	NEG	1	after read so many good review for these bag , it seem like i could not go wrong with they for my three month new meile onyx . the old adage `` you get what you pay for '' be more like what these bag prove to be . right out of the box they look like they would do the job so i get down to business testing they . i have a very small home -lrb- 1,000 sq. ft. -rrb- and mostly laminate wood floor with a few wool runner rug throw in and wall to wall carpet in my bedroom . i also have one tiny dog and one very , furry , cat . we live in the country and garden , raise chicken , and have a pool . so , lot of debris always be track in the house on foot -lrb- even with shoes-off policy -rrb- and paw . i start to do a through vacuuming of the house and about halfway thru it sound like the meile be make a noise i have never hear before . upon open up the bag door i notice immediately that the bag \* compartment \* be full of debris that i have just vacuum up . huh , that seem like a fluke . i reread the instruction to make sure i have put the bag in correctly , yes i have . i check the bag for any hole , none and filter for dust i could not really see , all good . then i have to get out my old vacuum and vacuum out the compartment of all that have be disperse inside . grrrrr . i check hose , they be fine . i replace the bag with another new one and start the rest of the house , again , a weird noise . again , debris in the bag compartment . my thought be that the flimsy , elastic , film on the bag where the hose snap into be not strong enough to do the job . conclusion , waste money , waste time and effort , and my biggest concern ... have this permanently do damage to my meile motor due to the dust and debris get in there ? i do not believe that a big-name label guarantee quality above a non-label in most case but in this one , i be regret it big time .
86	Vacuum	NEG	1	we have have this sweeper for about 3.5 month . it do a very good job at cleaning but there be no place to pick it up except for the top of the handle . it be bulky and very difficult to use if you have to lift it up like on a stair . to carry it up and down stair , i lift at the top of the handle and then at the roller bar . ridiculous engineering . i would not recommend this product unless you live in a ranch and will not have to lift the product .
519	Vacuum	NEG	1	i check out this vaccuum on consumer report which be the reason i buy it . well , to my disappointment it be the worst vaccuum i have ever own . not only be it clumsy to use with the hose continuously fall off , but it burn my carpet whenever i use the hose . i do not lean on it or push it forward as it warn on page 7 of the warranty ; the vaccuum would singe the carpet just sit upright even after 10 seconds of use the hose . what a extremely poorly engineer vaccuum . what i be really surprised about be even if someone be to barely lean on it , a vaccuum should never burn you carpet . how can they even put this product on the market ?!!!
937	Vacuum	NEG	2	just get it today . i have second thought from some of the review , but order it anyway . a lot of the newer vacuum have -lrb- some -rrb- cheap plastic part . that the way thing be build these day . the have a few , but it look like they put the money into the good part . i mean , look at the price for a powerful vacuum . : - -rrb- this thing have a lot of suction . they also make a nice touch of put a handle on the hose which make it very easy to use accessory . the upholstery accessory work overtime . since i just get it today , i will need a little time to really use it . i will be back with update . oh , on another note ... i never read the paperwork ... just take this out of the box ... put it together in less than 3 min ... update 7\/1\/2012 . i end up get rid of this thing . have try a few and they end up leak what you vacuum . too much mantainance .
108	Vacuum	NEG	1	do not buy this product . in 5 month the vacuum start squeal like a jet airplane try to take off . when i call about warranty service to fix the motor they direct i to a shop 1 hour away -lrb- 2 hour round trip -rrb- . the shop say it will take 5 work day just to find out the problem and then another week or so to get the part in and then 2-5 business day to fix it . after that i could stop back in -lrb- another 2 hour round trip -rrb- to pick it up . so 4 hour of drive , gas , my time and 3 week without a vacuum in my home with 2 toddler ... . not worth it ! save yourself the hassle and get another brand .
13	Vacuum	NEG	1	when i first get this little vacuum i love it . now , just over a year later i throw it away . it use to work really well for wood floor and above floor cleaning . the suction be ok , but not good on carpet of any kind . the attachment be easy to use and change . i buy it after have back surgery because be not able to push and pull a upright and hate drag around a canister . this come with a strap that you can put over you shoulder and it have a very long cord , so it be very convenient . the only problem be that after only a year it be completely dead . if you be look to buy a new vacuum every year this one should do the trick .
2	Vacuum	NEG	1	i pick this up for light cleaning b\/w maid visit and be thrill at first . it pick everything up , be fairly light but seamed solidly make . however about 4-5 month after purchase the the wheel stop spin . i clean the hair and check the belt and nothing work . bring it to a vacuum repair shop who get it spilling again - - for a day . then nothing . piece of crap . bring it back to the vacuum cleaner shop and they could not figure it out . and it do not pick up a thing if brush be not spin .
46	Vacuum	NEG	2	i buy this vacuum a year ago and within a few month the foot pedal release pop off of the machine completely . i have it replace and it quickly pop off again . this time the clear plastic housing break and would cost $ 29 to replace the part and $ 29 in labor . it can only be replace with the same cheap clear plastic housing . it still work , and though heavy , i have be ok with it be performance . however , without the foot pedal , it will not stay lock in the upright position and fall when nudge or tug slightly . this make some operation difficult , especially when use the hose attachement .
569	Vacuum	NEG	1	this vacuum have cost i almost as much in drive belt as i pay for it .
178	Vacuum	NEG	1	i buy this because it be so highly rate by consumer report . i find it large and heavy , awkward to move . it be really cheap plastic . i have to have the fan belt replace almost immediately . the switch that you be suppose to move between rug and floor do not seem to do much of anything as far as i can tell . i would like a good , well design , sleek , lightweight vacuum cleaner so that vacuum would not be such a chore .
981	Vacuum	NEG	2	the pv1200w vac be neatly package but -lrb- of course -rrb- have a very poor instruction manual . on the other hand , it be a vac and it vac , so who need instruction ? you can only use this product with the engine turn off , so there be a decent battery drain issue . if you have a shop vac or some other vac , run a cord to you car and use that . this vac will take minor dust and small particle off the seat and dash , etc. . it will do poorly on the mat and rug , hence the shop vac or a car wash . i be unsure why company make such useless product ; perhaps they actually earn money from they . but better yet would be to make something that can do the job for most car , not just pristine or recently clean vehicle . other b&d; product i own be quite good and do they intended job well . save you money on this one .
528	Vacuum	NEG	2	i love this little vac . it have excellent suction power , and the pet hair attachment really work ! nice ergonomic shape and weight . however , the battery life be poor . the other reviewer be not joke or exaggerate ! it run great for about 5-10 minute and then give out . it then have to be charge for half a day to bring it back to life . this be ridiculous . it would be well worth the price if it run for a reasonable period of time , but the battery be a major issue , and therefore i recommend that people who be consider it to look elsewhere .
134	Vacuum	NEG	1	i wish i have buy a non battery op small vac . run 5 - 7 minute enough time to ??? do nothing
839	Vacuum	NEG	1	if you have animal do not buy this vacuum . the hair get catch up in the upper compartment of the machine and do not even make it into the regular lower dirt compartment . you have to put you hand up inside and grab the hair and dust to pull it out and you need a bag under you hand to catch it all or you 'll be dump it on the base of the vac . it might be great for people without pet hair but it be a 1 star for people with furry family memer .
347	Vacuum	NEG	2	i have own one of these vacuum for about two year now . first , it be very heavy . if you have to do stair or more than one floor , you will probably go mad within the first month . i think it weigh about 25 pound . second , the hose be short . i be use to a canister vac when i switch to this . very frustrating . also , the hose be now probably more duct tape than hose . it crack . it puncture . third , it do not come with any kind of hard floor attachment so i have always use the one off the old canister vac . this vac be just way too big and cumbersome for do hard floor . on the positive side : it have great suction . i have two big shed dog and this vacuum do the job . i do not think i have own a vac with better suction than this one . bottom line : i be give up on this vacuum cleaner . i have a small , single story home with absolutely no carpet anywhere . i miss my canister . i miss the long hose and telescopic wand . i just can not deal with such a heavy machine that i can barely transport use both hand -lrb- and yes , it have wheel -rrb- . use it for the basement or the vehicle be not even a possibility .
456	Vacuum	NEG	2	about a week after i buy this product the belt break . my neighbor have buy it recently too and they put it out on the curb for the trash collector as they 's break too . my partner fix the belt , but it do not really work that well , especially with the attachment . would not buy it again !
514	Vacuum	NEG	1	less than a year old , less than 5 charge and the charger go bad and probably it damage the battery . the vacuum do not last too long , five minute and the battery be drain . i want to buy another charger but it seem that it be a difficult charger to find . it be a 16vac ~ 150ma . -lrb- ac be alternate current and most place i go they sell dc or direct current . -rrb- i definitely would never recommend this hand vacuum .
650	Vacuum	NEG	1	vac do a decent job for a cordless , i be happy with it until it quit . take it to a b&d; repair center and be tell they be no longer make . now i have to wait 6-8 week for a refund . happen after 6 month . probably not a wise purchase at this point and time .
540	Vacuum	NEG	2	the price be right , not self propel so it be hard to push , hard to change the height adjustment up and down .
321	Vacuum	NEG	1	we must be do something wrong . it be difficult to move on carpeting . it do not pick up dog hair particularly well . we can not figure how to adjust the height of the machine . amazon be no help . we stop use it and return to a old hoover .
428	Vacuum	NEG	2	this thing do not do its job . just about a year old and it have stop pick up hair . instead , it leave little roll up ball of hair everywhere that you have to go back and scoop up after you be do `` cleaning '' . for $ 80 , i would rather invest in something that will last longer and actually do what i buy it for .
32	Vacuum	NEG	1	it may be use , but do not work at all . part miss . have try to cancel purchase as i find that it could be buy new for cheaper than use ! i attempt to return it but amazon be ahead of the process and up come by before it be deliver ! i re-order it through another source . then the new company cancel the item after order and before it be suppose to be deliver . decide to keep the unit anyway -lrb- wrong ! -rrb- i be so frustrated , throw it into recycle bin when it be finally deliver . suppose to be a christmas gift . some present ! do not buy use if you can not help it .
607	Vacuum	NEG	1	the usb vac be very low quality . it be basically a fan with a little nozzle on it . now remember when i say fan ? well , a fan do not a vacuum make . sigh . the not-a-vacuum usb noise maker also break while i be try to make it vacuum . i do not force it , i be not rough . the nozzle fall off and refuse to be reattach without some serious grunting and cussing . metro vac make a $ -lrb- ... -rrb- version . i hate to spend that much money , but i hate for thing to be icky dirty even more . what a spectacular waste of -lrb- ... -rrb- buck .
808	Vacuum	NEG	2	get one of these about two year ago due to rave in consumer reports . it be heavy , and do not do a good job on carpet . the belt that drive the beater\/roller\/brush seem to slip whenever the brush encounter carpet , even at the light setting . thus the brush do not rotate and nothing much get suck up . have replace belt and the adjuster , but nothing help . it be pretty heavy for stair and we cleaning lady just bring she own vacuum , but not sure what kind it be . she do not like ours and she be a pro . it do have a long cord and do not spray dust around due to the filter on the exhaust , but those be minor if the thing do not pick up the dirt . i think it have some good quality , but the execution be poor . would not get another nor recommend to anyone else . the hoover uh310010com have higher rating and lot of folk seem to think it be a much better machine . i plan to try that one out soon .
738	Vacuum	NEG	1	i wish i have listen to the bad review on here before i buy , especially consider what a pain it be to return a vacuum cleaner by mail . the first time i use it be ok . i be disappoint with the power , have to go over the carpet in the same place a couple time before it get everything . the 2nd time i use it , the attachment hose stop work . it be not block , it simply be not suck , and have not ever since . also , the bagless design be awful . it be near impossible to clean without make a mess . i be use to bagless vacuum and the extra work it involve , but this be just non-functunal . do not buy it .
670	Vacuum	NEG	1	these do not fit the machine . i be about to order they even though the image of the bag be suspicious ; but then read the review and find out they be substitute masquerade as bosch bag ; i do not want to waste my time with these . imagine try to send they back . ugh .
974	Vacuum	NEG	1	my husband buy this vacuum to replace we eureka bagless vac . it be great after the first use but after a couple time of use it start have the same problem as we past vac . it start to spit out debris behind and also when when you use the attachment , it also blow out dust . such a pain to clean the filter . now i be really think of go back to the old school bag vac . do anybody know a vacuum worth the money anymore ?!
332	Vacuum	NEG	2	the one thing i dont understand be how come miele , know for its light and quiet yet powerful vacuum , come up with this unfunctional thing . very heavy , not easy to glide from floor to carpet . suction power be just ok . and it be 400 something dollar . i have own many vacuum -lrb- cheap and expensive -rrb- and this one have be very disappointing . if you be look for something powerful yet not as heavy take a look at miele 's s5 or s4 line but definitely dont buy this without try it .
795	Vacuum	NEG	1	i think this vacuum work fabulous on my carpet . however most of my home be hardwood floor . i could still feel crumb , grit under my foot after vacuum . it do not get debris in corner nor near a wall . my cheap $ 90 vacuum have a height adjustment . i write the vendor -lrb- morequalitylessmoney -rrb- and ask if there be a way to adjust the height . after 2 email and no response i send the vacuum back .
398	Vacuum	NEG	2	i have have this vacuum charge for over 24 hour . i use it just in my room to clean up bird dander , feather and the odd crumb that end up on my floor . it literally clean for 5 minute . what be i go to vacuum in 5 minute ? it could at least keep the battery charge while have it plug in while use , but it do not even do that . i would hope there be just something wrong with the battery but it do not seem that way , so this be a terrible product . i do not know where these good review be come from . i guess the attachment be pretty nice .
443	Vacuum	NEG	2	i purchase these bag because they be so much cheaper than the meile bag . they do not filter as well as the meile bag and it seem like my vacuum do not operate as well . i will keep these for a emergency but have order some meile bag for normal use .
934	Vacuum	NEG	1	i buy this vac about two month ago and now it will not run for five minute before need a charge ! if you only need it for five minute , its great .
950	Vacuum	NEG	2	the vacuum look great but do not have any power . add the hose and the other tool and it just get worse ! you would be better off with a wisk broom and a dust pan ! hate this product and may return it if i can find the box . shame on you black and decker ... make in china k r a p !
460	Vacuum	NEG	2	i do a ton of research before buy a new vacuum and setttle on this one with all the great review . i have to say that i have be very disappointed . not long after i start use it , the suction stop all together . i finally call bissell and find that there be not one , not two , but five place that thing could get stop up enough to slow or stop suction . ours be in the wand , which i have no idea would stop the suction of the entire thing , but it do then and have multiple time since . and when i empty the canister , i have to empty three different -lrb- very messy -rrb- filter . no thanks ! besides that major issue , it do a really bad job go from wood floor to rugs\/carpets . i have to pick it up to get over the lip of the rug and it miss anything that be near the edge . it also can not seem to pick up anything but tiny particle of hair and dirt off the ground - for instance a crumb or piece of paper that be on the floor will just get push around and not suck up . i be extremely frustrated with this vacuum and would not recommend it . i previously have a dirt devil and next time i will most definitely go back to that as it seem to be much more user friendly !
955	Vacuum	NEG	1	i should have know the first time i use this vacuum that it be a piece of garbage , but i hold onto it because i hear so many good thing about oreck . the first time i vacuum , the smell of burn rubber -lrb- the belt -rrb- be so bad and it barely pick anything up . so as i be advise , i replace the belt -lrb- after one use for a few minute , the original belt be already melting -rrb- . i live in a small apartment with hardwood floor , no pet and one wool carpet - there be no reason for the vacuum to malfunction like this . the vacuum continue to have the same problem , but when i readjust the belt before every use , it become somewhat tolerable , except for the many time i have to clean out the different compartment because of buildup -lrb- again , not sure how there could be so many issue with such a small , tidy apartment -rrb- . after some research , i learn that oreck tell its customer to vacuum more `` gently , '' otherwise the belt be prone to burn or come apart . i tend to slowly glide and do not manhandle my vacuum , but i decide to vacuum very slowly and gently to see if it would fix the problem i be have . the problem have not subside , and have become even worse . i can not vacuum my one , small carpet without the smell of burn rubber , a complete lack of suction after about 2 minute , and have to readjust the belt or replace it every single time i want to use it . i be throw this thing away . save yourself the annoyance and the money . i have a small upright dirt devil that cost about $ 35 that work better than this thing . also , i never think i would miss have tool so much - you can not get anywhere near the baseboard and all the dirt that build up along you wall with this thing . and even if my vacuum have a manufacturer 's defect , why have not oreck replace it ?
789	Vacuum	NEG	2	after read a few review , i decide to pull the trigger on this model . like most of the reviewer have state it be a easy and straight forward setup\/assembly process . however , after the first couple of use , which be great , the vacuum begin to show some issue . here be some that fall under my complaint list : - whenever i have to empty the dust bin , dust fall out all over the vacuum and back on to the floor -- even when i be very careful to try to slowly & carefully remove the dust bin . - there be a loss of suction and the motor begin to hum at a higher pitch . what i find to be helpful -lrb- and quite a bit of a manual chore -rrb- be to clean\/wash the inner sponge-like filter . this provide a little bit of relief , only for up until the next use and i would have to repeat the process . overall , i feel like this vacuum had\/has potential to be a quality product , but it just fall short in two key area for i .
11	Vacuum	NEG	2	i love this vacuum when i get it and even talk my daughter into one . great suction . but after about 4 month the battery start to give out . contact the company and they say i could not purchase a battery as i should not open vacuum . they send i a brand new vacuum cleaner instead which i think be very nice . same thing be happen again . i can barely make it across the kitchen floor without it die . i guess it be time to give on up this one .
