index	Domain	Label	Rating	Review
990	AlarmClock	POS	5	finally !!!!!! a clock like this that be totally silent ! no ticking , second hand sweep . yay ! i be very happy with it . works perfectly . alarm sound be not too loud or jarring at first , get progressively louder . if you can not stand the ticking , here 's you clock .
956	AlarmClock	POS	5	i get this alarm clock for my son 's 5th birthday since he will be start kindergarten in the fall . the clock be very user friendly for a young child and it be durable . there be basic button label on the back ... time , hour , minute , and a switch to turn the alarm on . i do not realize when i purchase it that it only beep but that be okay . my son like the idea of have a alarm clock , as it give he a sense of responsibility and be a big boy . you can either stand woody up or sit he down . it be very cute ! i would buy it again .
611	AlarmClock	POS	5	many year ago my husband have a similiar clock that he take to college and it be still in good work order when we marry and i love that clock . wake up to a blinking light minute before the dreadful audio alarm and then sadly it die . i be sooo pleased to find this clock and once again happily wake to the flash light and most morning be up and out of bed before the alarm sound and wake the entire house . the amber glow of the clockface be a lovely nightlight and very visible for these age eye . wish there be more color offer but i be just happy to have find my old friend .
28	AlarmClock	POS	5	my wife have be search for a simple alarm clock that she can carry with she in she suitcase and also use at she bedside , that have a light on that you can easily activate but be not on all the time to bother you . this clock meet all the requirement , and have a very classy antique look . she love it . the price be great and the delivery quick .
345	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a great clock . the several other i purchase and return before i order this one have a display so bright it be like have a night light sit on the nightstand . this display be light only when you press the button on top and then only for a few seconds - a second or two longer would be good but it be ok the way it be . its feature all work great : the solar power , set itself from the atomic clock , and the date , time and temperature display . i have three complaint : press the button on top to turn on the indiglo night light to view the display make a fairly loud click noise , one can not choose to leave the indiglo light on -lrb- as one could on previous model of timex alarm clock -rrb- , and the switch to turn the alarm on and off be not convenient .
897	AlarmClock	POS	5	my son , who be 5 , have just love this . he can play with it , yet it be functional as well . sturdy and tough as it have be drop a couple of time , with no result issue . the alarm be not too overwhelming . it be a mild tone , which have effecticely wake he up for the last couple of week .
878	AlarmClock	POS	5	almost do not get it due to one review about it be ` too small ' -lrb- its not -rrb- and one say it get knock over easily -lrb- it do not -rrb- and one say it make too much ` noise ' -- say what ? i have it by my ear and do not hear it and i have great hearing . so to each he own ... but i get this clock for the bedside table and a extra alarm . the alarm be great ... start slowly and more quietly and build which be great . and this clock do not topple over ... stand extremely well-just as well as my other clock and it look sooooo rich and be a perfect size . . go to order another one for my bathroom as it look nice in there too ! you 'll be glad you get this one -lrb- re : the backlight -- or side light -- not too bright but i dont use that feature often anyhow -rrb- hope this help !
588	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be small , simple , wake i up , and do not cost much . just what i be look for .
466	AlarmClock	POS	4	the insta-set feature of these clock be a little misleading . they be not atomic clock . they do not recieve a external signal to set the clock automatically like a atomic clock . like any other digital clock these clock gain or lose a few seconds a year . they have to be set occasionally . google `` reset equity insta-set clock '' for instruction . basically , you hold down the dst or alarm set button for five seconds . you can then set the hour , minute , month , day ... like other digital clock . the documentation never say specifically what insta-set mean . apparently be just mean the clock do not have to be reset after a power outage . it have a internal battery that hold the time until the main power come back on . other than this misleading name for the insta-set feature the clock i have work well . it be worth what it cost .
530	AlarmClock	POS	4	i already own one of these , purchase 7 month ago . it break aweek ago , which make i wonder about the quality of the production . however , the functionality of the alarm be great ! all other alarmclock become background noise for i after awhile , allow i tosleep through they -lrb- and through the first few hour of work ! -rrb- . thisone have wake i up every day that i have turn it on .  the napfunction be also fantastic , allow i to powernap for a designatedperiod of time without disrupt the setting of the other two dailyalarm .  even if it break , i have get more than my $ ... worth .
898	AlarmClock	POS	5	this a totally cool product . sound quality on the phone be crystal clear , and the phone be super lightwheight . the led light on the alarm clock be soft and easy on the eye . great buy !!!!!!!!
692	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be redo my apartment and want a old fashion look alarm clock . this fit the bill with its art deco look . i have the pink one and it be a beautiful shade of pink . not bright like some here have say . think pepto bismol ! nor be it the bubble gum pink that little girl love . it be more a medium shade of pink . it have a silver band around the bottom that make it so attractive . now for what be more important , how it work . it be easy as pie , you just set the time and the alarm follow the direction in which to turn the knob in back . switch the alarm to on and you be do . when it go off , first you will get 5 minute of a gentle light that flash to wake you up . if after 5 minute , you do not respond than the alarm go off . it be more of a old fashion alarm clock sound than the buzz of new one . also , if during the night you have a power failure it have a battery operate backup . it just take 2 aa battery . i be surprised how reasonable the price for this one be . i have price other for a lot more . it be a real bargain and i be glad to have it now . i would highly recommend this alarm clock to anyone who be look for one .
98	AlarmClock	POS	5	my brother love he lego darth vader , when you take it out of the package he say it look like ep 3 where anakin become darth vader . `` padme !! ''
32	AlarmClock	POS	5	this little travel alarm be just what i need . small , easy to see and use and the alarm be just right . not too loud , plesant . love it .
514	AlarmClock	POS	5	the clock be purchase for my grandson who be autistic and love clock . the purchase be timely and in good shape as advertise . thanks .
774	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this clock because i want a `` set-and-forget '' clock that also have a thermometer . my major complaint about this clock be that in the two week that i have own it , it be never be able to sync with the atomic clock ! it keep try every night and never succeed . since return it be not worth the hassle , i decide to open it up and look inside . -lrb- i be a engineer , with some knowledge of how these circuit work -rrb- i be surprise to find that the the circuit inside look extremely cheap . there be a dry solder where the battery wire connect to the circuit board . the antenna -lrb- for the radio -rrb- have its wire short . everything look very sloppy in general . i then manage to separate the short on the antenna , hope that it would make the radio work . no luck . the radio sync still do not work . which be hardly surprising consider that the antenna itself be not cleanly wind ! it be unevenly wound by hand ! not machine wound . do i mention that the build quality be horrible ? i do not know if the clock 's circuitry have support for manage daylight savings or i have to reset it twice a year . i 'll find out in about 4 month i guess . but for the price , i guess it be a decent enough clock . it serve my purpose : maintain time fairly accurately and have a thermometer . i would really like to have the clock sync with the atomic clock via the radio though . edit -lrb- 17-jan-2010 -rrb- : okay , so the radio feature finally work out , but it be still kind of flaky , work sometimes , do not sometimes . i be willing to now give this product the benefit of the doubt : maybe it be my location or something about the construction of my apartment that be the problem . i have revise the rating to 4 star now . would give it five star if only i have not open up the clock and see the shoddy construction .
814	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have the 30731 for about a week and be , thus far , very pleased .  when i begin shop for a new alarm clock , my primary selection criterion be that it have a lead display . many new clock have multifunction lcd display which be nice except that you can not see they in the dark without press a button to illuminate they like a lcd wristwatch . alternatively , some of these lcd clock have projector attachment that shine a time display on the wall or ceiling , but you can not see they in a well-lit room ! a lead display be visible under all ambient lighting condition and seem to i the most logical and straightforward solution .  once the universe of clock be narrow to lead model , the next consideration be the size of the led digit . they run anywhere from approximately 1\/2 inch to 1 inch . i be very nearsighted , so to be able to see the time in the middle of the night without my glass , be purely a case of `` the bigger the better '' . the 30731 have digit that be .9 inch high - bigger than most other led clock and easily readable san glass at 4am . obviously , the larger the display , the larger the clock , but i have lot of room on my nightstand and be not concern with the 30731 's somewhat larger than usual size -lrb- about 8.5 `` w , 3 `` d , 4 `` h -rrb- .  at this point , additional useful feature be the only other necessary evaluation . the 30731 have the ability to set itself by receive a radio signal from the us national institute of standards and technology -lrb- nist -rrb- located in colorado -lrb- do a google search for wwvb and you 'll find they - lot of useful info -rrb- . you set you timezone and whether you use daylight savings time and the clock do the rest .  i can report that from my location in ny , this work perfectly but you should know 2 thing . first , i have find that the clock must be face east-west -lrb- i.e. face colorado from ny -rrb- for the auto-setting to work . if you bedroom be lay out such that you clock will not be face in the general direction of colorado , you might have a problem . -lrb- actually , i think if it face directly \* away \* from colorado , that be ok too . as long as its not `` end-on '' to colorado . -rrb- furthermore , as the instruction point out , time signal reception be best in the wee hour of the morning , and that be the only time that , for my location anyway , the clock be able to sucessfully set itself -lrb- but it have sucessfully reset itself every night -rrb- .  my only complaint , and it be a minor one , be that the snooze alarm bar , though large and easy to find , do not really depress like a button but sort of pivot front-to-back on a stiff spring and can cause a little fumble when you be in a semi-conscious state .  the alarm be a electronic `` chirp '' . loud enough to wake i but not so loud as to cause coronary arrest .  the clock have battery backup for power failure if you put a 9v battery in it -lrb- not include -rrb- .  it do not have dual alarm or weekend setting . it do not display date , day of the week or seconds .  you can see a better picture of the clock and get more info on it at the equitytime.com website .  i have not experience the dim or irregularly illuminate display report by the reviewer from redmond . i find it amply bright with all lead segment uniformly light .  i be quite happy with this alarm clock and can recommend it without reservation .
751	AlarmClock	POS	5	we be look for a very small , but highly reliable , travel alarm clock and be a little concerned about order one sight unseen . however we could not have be happier . it have now travel with we across the us as well as overseas and it have make sure we be awaken at the right time every day . we would highly recommend this alarm .
695	AlarmClock	POS	4	as a retail worker work vary shift each week , this alarm allow i to program a week out and not have to re-set the alarm every night . love the ` nap ' feature , and select you own snooze time be a plus also . the only improvement i could recommend be in the setting mechanism , as the rotate dial be slow to set .
928	AlarmClock	POS	5	i move to a new area , and the radio reception of the clock radio be horrible . the alarm clock work fine -lrb- 2 setting for 2 different time -rrb- , looke good , and work well . i kind of enjoy wake to the sound of nature . good experience .
646	AlarmClock	POS	5	this thing be loud , but have volume control . the vibrate feature shake my child out of bed ! love it !
991	AlarmClock	POS	5	some have complain that the display be too bright ; since i sleep with my eye close , that be not a problem ! some have complain that the alarm be too loud ; i believe the purpose be to wake one ! i love the two alarm and the display show whether they be set and to what time . the size of the display be readable for i without my contact . i recommend this product highly .
298	AlarmClock	POS	4	i want a clock to see the hour in the middle of the night and that be exactly what i have get with this thing , so far so good .
615	AlarmClock	POS	5	the sound be very realistic -lrb- unfortunately that include the fog horn -rrb- . it be nice to wake up to bird or read before bed listen to the rain when it be nice out . my only dislike be that the screen be bright even when you have it turn all the way down .
306	AlarmClock	POS	4	i be currently a 19 year old hard-of-hearing girl , who be also a deep sleeper , and i have have this alarm clock for probably 9-10 year , if not more . no , not the same company . . the same exact alarm clock . it be loud enough for i , and the bed shaker be very effective . maybe it be just i , but after a while , i get use to the sound and do not really hear it anymore when wake up . now , 10 year later , i be finally shop for a new vibrate alarm because now , the time will speed up . . so i 'll set the time correctly at night , and then when i wake up , the clock will say it be about 4 hour later than it really be . i be definitely consider get another of the same product , just because this one have last i so long .
807	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have this clock for about 2 year , and love it . while it do not have all of the bell and whistle of the more expensive clock , it do what its job , and do it very well . in addition , i have a small problem with my clock , and even though i never send in my warranty card , the company be amazing about help i out , and get i a replacement . i would highly recommend this product .
54	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be great for my husband . he love it and show it off to other in company . everybody say it be cute .
933	AlarmClock	POS	5	i spend several year , off and on , travel independently in asia , australia and the pacific rim , for month at a time . my constant companion in these travels be this clock . every other travel clock i look at be too big . this one be smaller than a credit card -lrb- maybe half as tall -rrb- . it also have a built-in stand that fold away so you can stow the clock in you pocket -lrb- i.e. , it become a pocket watch of sort -rrb- ; as well as a illumination button for use in the dark , and a alarm that be loud enough to ensure you will not sleep through it -- no matter how tire you might be . this be a simple item , with a few well-marked button and thoughtful design , power by two common button-cell battery . it be also robust ; i be still use mine well after the label have wear off . one day , about six year after i buy it , i hear something clunk in the dryer . when i look inside i find that i would leave the clock in a pants pocket , where it have be wash and dry . the crazy thing be , it be still keep time ! who need rolex , right ? i would pay about $ 25 for one of these . the fact they be under twelve buck be just icing on the cake . i doubt casio still make they , though , so buy while you can .
95	AlarmClock	POS	4	i be enjoy my smarter image alarm clock . it have several `` natural '' sound setting which gear more towards the relaxing go to sleep mode , however i do enjoy wake to rainforest sound or wind chime rather then buzz alarm or ridiculous morning radio dj . there be some `` heart pound '' and `` get you motor run '' sound program as well .
403	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be for the person who do not hear or want to hear they alarm clock . you simply can not ignore this one when it go off . i love it .
346	AlarmClock	POS	5	my entire family use westclox moonbeam clock , we have they in almost every room of we small home . it be great not to wake up the entire house with a alarm sound when just one of we have to be up early . this gentle light-alarm even wake my teenager and there be other color available . they be not rugged -lrb- make in china -rrb- but we clock have work just fine with no problem . i be back buy two more for gift give . the price be good and they be get harder to find . i think they be adorable and they add a warm glow -lrb- literally -rrb- to the room .
197	AlarmClock	POS	5	very nice clock . it be attractive , the display contain the information i want , the numeral be large , it be light & small enough for travel . be solar power be a big plus as no more battery to buy . that the temperature read a couple of degree too warm be minor . set up be straight forward . a lighter background would allow view at a greater distance . i do not use the alarm so can not comment on that and the atomic part be not relevant for i . solid 5 star .
432	AlarmClock	POS	5	my eight year old son want this for he room . it come in on time . the packaging be in perfect condition . it be easy to use , my son have use it to wake up for school by himself . look great on he night stand . he put it in a different pose everyday .
932	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be perfectly satisfy with this wonderful travel companion and nap control assistant ! i treasure this magnificent little creation and handle it with adoring care ! after use it a few time i be so very impressed i purchase another one to lay in reserve . though my first clock gain a few minute per 3 or 4 day it be design be brilliantly user friendly in its every function and resete it be nearly as easy as batting you eye . stylish ! artistic ! affordable ! helpful !
687	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love the easiness of use of this alarm clock : no mess up with `` mode '' , `` set '' and other button to access function i 'll never use . this alarm clock have four position : time set , alarm set , alarm on and alarm off . it be everything you need , and you can not go wrong . the alarm be loud enough and it be progressive . contrary to what the description say , it require 2 aaa battery , not 1 .
414	AlarmClock	POS	5	amazon make my day . i love this clock as i have to look at time and have to have light in night so with this clock number be large and bright and i be totally extatic . highly recommend for people with eyesight problem . highly recommend for people who have clustorphobia .
927	AlarmClock	POS	5	after purchase a ugly sonic bomb alarm for myself and have great result -lrb- finally ! -rrb- get up for work on time , my 16-year-old daughter-also a very heavy sleeper-requested one . further search turn up the same alarm in way better clothing . now we both be jolt from sound sleep , out of bed , and be leave the house on time . if you want to get to class on time or keep you job , i highly recommend both of these alarm . they do not have multiple you-tube video for nothing !
418	AlarmClock	POS	4	first off ... i do not recommend put the bed shaker under you pillow ... you will wake up with a giant headache ! -lrb- trust i . . i know ... i keep it under my pillow for a few day until i realize that be why i have a horrible headache for 2 day in a row -rrb- i would say , put it under you mattress , or under you sheet ... somewhere else . . except you head . i buy this alarm , and it annoy the hell out of i ... which be a good thing . i love it . i have a really hard time wake up , and i have not be late to work since i buy it ! the color be really cool , and so be the flash light . it be cute and be way girly-er than my old black alarm clock . all of the tone you can put it on -lrb- i think there be 5 different one -rrb- range from annoy ... . to annoying-er . the bed shaker really do work . . and it really do shake . my dog hate this thing ... and it wake he up too ! haha . i wish it would be a little louder . i have it on full blast , and i wish it be louder . i would recommend this alarm clock to anyone like i , who have a really hard time wake up in the morning !!
123	AlarmClock	POS	5	as i have some tinnitus , i begin to have more trouble hear the alarm on my watch . i buy another watch but have the same problem - even try some in store . i buy this pq-10 about two year ago and have use it at home and travel all over the world to be awaken at all hour of the night . it have never fail . i think it be slightly lower frequency than wristwatch alarm , and it be louder - but not so obnoxious that my wife can not go back to sleep or neighbor in a hotel complain .
139	AlarmClock	POS	4	this alarm clock be really great . easy to use step and a seperate alarm time for each day . the only downside be that the radio be horrible but i guess they make it a dial radio to avoid button and more user friendly . i find the other feature to be not very useful because i dont use nap or the radio . the alarm clock funtion be all i need it for and its all i will ever use on this product .
18	AlarmClock	POS	4	this sound machine\/duel alarm clock be a very good product and work as describe . i be afraid that the display would be too bright , but it have setting to dim it down that make it better . the unit itself be a lot smaller than expect , which be not bad . use the control be fairly easy after a few use , because the unit be very lite you may have to use two hand to make change . the 20 different sound loop be very good , and long enough not to be too noticeable when they begin again . the alarm clock work well and never have fail to wake i up yet . overall this be a good product especially for the price . i would recommend this product to anyone look for a good sound machine alarm clock .
697	AlarmClock	POS	5	have a red backlight to the clock face . no radio -lrb- a bit disappointing at this price-point -rrb- . articulate arm , hand , leg -lrb- i do not remember if the head swivel , but i think not -rrb- . tap the head to light up the backlight or turn off the alarm\/snooze . not brick-compatible with other product from the same brand . about 8 inch tall .
617	AlarmClock	POS	5	best clock ever . we have 3 of they and they be fantastic both in the home and travel . definately recommend .
46	AlarmClock	POS	4	nice clock with great big number . set itself automatically . mine set itsef 3 minute slow and there be absolutely no way to manually correct it . i just mentally add 3 minute when i look at it . technology be great , when it work .
493	AlarmClock	POS	5	the feature i have not see mention , that i love the most , be that when the alarm go off , it light up in red . so it be easy to find the clock in the dark to either hit snooze or shut off the alarm . with other alarm , i be always try to find they in the dark , knock they onto the floor , and be totally frustrated . but not with the elgin .
399	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have try several travel alarm clock . the westclox travelmate be the only one i will use from now on . it be easy to use and easy to take on trip . i like it so much that i use it nightly at home too .
373	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this travel alarm clock 12 year ago and i recently drop it on the floor and break it . this be a great travel alarm clock . it be loud enough for the next room to hear the alarm clock . it be great for travel because it be small enough . because i purchase this alarm clock 12 year ago and i recently break it , i do not think i would find the same one again . it be not expensive that if you drop it and break you can buy another one .
515	AlarmClock	POS	5	we need a small clock by we employee sign-in book . this travel clock fit the bill . it keep perfect time .
171	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a great solution in wake my son up early on school day for the sitter . it work great and he understand exactly what woody 's job be . so more cranky kid fight to wake up .
121	AlarmClock	POS	4	the clock be so cheap and very useful and reliable . the back light be really helpful at night . the thermometer come it handy to temperature control .
219	AlarmClock	POS	5	the star wars darth vader mini-figure alarm clock work like a charm !! the boy have fun with it and the alarm be awesome . how about add some music with next version .
185	AlarmClock	POS	5	purchase this for my father who have a hard time see a clock from bed . he love this clock . it be large - very large , and easy to read . if you be look for that than this be the clock for you . good value for the money and so far work great . he do not use the alarm or other function , just the clock .
220	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have this for over a year now . a magnificent clock . no problem at all . if we power go out ... it still have the correct time when the power come come back on . power glitch do not mess it up . mine come with a precise time-set function , which mean if the clock 's preset time be off , it can be easily correct . i adjust the time once in the begin to fine tune the minute so it would coordinate with the tv set . it be a good thing to have a set & forget clock . automatically deal with daylight savings time . with it be large 2 '' red led number i be able to see the time again . perfect for older folk like i who have problem read small number .
103	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be set the time itself , you can charge it in you window , and it tell the temperature ! i love this clock ! i be order more for other room , it be so easy !
233	AlarmClock	POS	4	nice litte piece of kit . if u want this for a alarm clock , the clock display turn off after 10 seconds or so , so useless as a clock throughout the night . 20 sound be good noise , the white noise be not a calming noise , as smooth as say a fan . well make , just not loud enough to block outside noise if u want a kip sunday afternoon or hotel room etc. .
794	AlarmClock	POS	5	i receive this product as a birthday gift and i love it ! each morning i wake up before the alarm portion go off -lrb- just the light portion be activate -rrb- and it be so much more peaceful than any other alarm clock i have own . it be especially nice during the fall and winter month when my wake time of 5:30 or 6am show no sign of real sunlight - now i can fake it ! i be not a morning person , so the fact that this product make morning more tolerable and actually enjoyable mean a lot ! this product have be on my wish list for about a year and i be so happy to finally own it !
783	AlarmClock	POS	5	it do what it be suppose to do and look good do it . the instruction manual say the battery will only last about a month , but they seem to be work at a more typical rate . one main concern i have when buy this clock be the sensitivity of the sound sensor ; it be actually not hypersensitive . sound must be medium-loud or else very close -lrb- like set a mug down next to it -rrb- . i be very pleased with the clock . kikkerland be a great company !
393	AlarmClock	POS	5	love my clock , large number , i can see it clearly at night . love it !! good price too .
672	AlarmClock	POS	5	we purchase this clock for when we need to reset the alarm for one day , rather than go through the process of reset the clock radio , which be very complicate . the clock be perfect for we need and work well . we also like the battery operation so we do not have to plug another item in the wall . would highly recommend it .
475	AlarmClock	POS	5	my son be a huge star war and lego fan -lrb- and so be we -rrb- and i recently buy this alarm clock to make it easier for he to get out of bed in the morning - and it work ! he love it . the storm trooper be very nice and look great . it be easy for a child to handle and very easy to program and use . my only negative would be that the clock would be even better with a star wars theme wake up call rather than the classic bip bip bip . especially for the darth vader version ...
469	AlarmClock	POS	4	for anyone who hit the snooze and have a harder time get up in winter when it be dark , this little clock be perfect . i be so satisfied with it ! have a full 30 minute to wake up be great , especially on dark , dreary morning . the only reason i give it a 4 be that the radio be not that great . do not matter , though , as i be usually fully awake by the time it go off , anyway .
541	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a well design clock that perform very well as advertise . there be a simplicity to it that make it very easy to use . the set it and forget it be a very nice feature . have say all this i prefer another model they make that have green numeral and a dim switch , as the above model with red numeral be quite bright , although very easy to read at night . the green numeral clock do not have the set and forget feature . the green numeral clock also do not have the blinking second dot which annoy some people with the red numeral clock . all in all both clock be very good and easy to read at night .
788	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be almost tiny , really , so it really be a travel alarm . the alarm be loud enough to wake you and easy to set . the clock even come with a battery ! how often do that happen ? really a tremendous bargain .
823	AlarmClock	POS	4	i agree with my fellow owner of this neat little travel alarm clock in that it be compact , sturdy , well-designed and durable . my only complaint be that the snooze time be only 4 minute and it be not adjustable . that be a very short snooze and i would like 10 minute much better . better yet , make it adjustable and i would be a completely happy camper -lrb- traveler -rrb- .
71	AlarmClock	POS	4	simple and easy to use : one switch and two button . good value for the money . one-way set -lrb- advance only -rrb- for hour and minute -lrb- one button for each -rrb- , so if you overshoot you mark , you have to go around again , but it be fast . the stand be a bit fragile , but serviceable . one unexpected feature - you can use the night light to drive with if you headlight go out .
659	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love all of the nature sound there be to pick from . my favorite be the windchime .
461	AlarmClock	POS	4	i like this clock because it be very easy to use ; the number be large , which make it easy to see from a distance , and it fold up easily . for the money , it be a pretty good clock , unfortunately the night light be much too dim , and it be very hard to make out the time at night .
629	AlarmClock	POS	5	i really can not comment on the specific feature of this clock other than the clock display itself . my only reason for purchasing be to replace the clock feature that i lose when i change my tv and internet service provider . this display be large and bright , just exactly what these old eye need . on the other hand , i can see where the brightness could possibly be a distraction under certain circumstance , so careful attention should be pay to it be intend use before purchase .
130	AlarmClock	POS	5	i really like this clock because it be easy to use , it do the job for which i buy it , and i like the sound of the alarm .
792	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock replace we last alarm which fall victim to a overly angry press of the snooze button . my wife have be use it for a week now with no complaint . the initial setup be incredibly easy . after hold setup , you use the dial to input you setting . a fast turn of the dial increase the time in 10 or 30 minute increment ; a slow one nudge the minute along . i never realize how handy it be to have a 7-day alarm schedule - especially where i like to sleep in on weekend and have to be up early on monday . it be worth note , however , that if on a certain wednesday you take a day off -lrb- and change the wake-up time -rrb- you would have a entire week to forget that you would do so . finally , it would useful if the manufacturer would better secure the holder for the -lrb- backup -rrb- battery . still , i be as enthusiastic as one could be about a alarm clock .
302	AlarmClock	POS	5	i get this little guy base on the good review . we use it on a 12-day cruise in the uk in which we be horribly jet-lagged with a 8-hour time difference . the clock be small , lightweight , compact , and incredibly easy to use and set ! i love the giant button which light up the number in neon blue . it be very helpful when check the time in the middle of the night . i love that it blink in red when the alarm go off , and that the snooze button be so large . i highly recommend it !
334	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a very small function clock . i have have mine for year . pro : it be silent . it do not have shine light battery operate . compact and neat inexpensive con : the light be useless so you cant tell time in the dark the switch on the left side be too similar to the alarm switch . when you wake up and be fumble to turn off the alarm , you can accidentally hit the time set switch instead .
404	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have my travel soother for a decade . no problem , and i use it every night to drown out car noise . i also take it with i for hotel , camping , etc. . if street noise , snore mate , etc. keep you up , this be for you . take perhaps one week to get use to .
453	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have always have a hard time wake up , its always so easy to tune alarm clock out . the sonic boom alarm clock be amazing ! when i start get use to the volume of the alarm i can change it and the vibrating wake i up every time ! the design be adorable too !
66	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this alarm clock a few month ago after the old one -lrb- the exact same model -rrb- die after 10 plus year of use . it be also extremely durable . a excellent product that i highly recommend .
758	AlarmClock	POS	5	very sleek look and function alarm clock . we like that it have lot of different sound to choose from so we do not have to have the standard annoying alarm sound in the morning . another great feature , be that you can program 2 seperate alarm , so if you and you partner get up at different time in the morning you can set both alarm for 2 different time -lrb- and even different sound -rrb- . plus not have to worry about forget to re-set or accidentally turn the other alarm one off .
230	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be very simple , and i like that . as far as setting - you can set time and alarm time , snooze and that be it . i see these number with out my glass and i can not see the big e on the eye chart .
443	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a great little product , that do exactly what it be suppose to do . it be easy to use , easy to see , compact , and stylish . what else could you ask for at this price ?
908	AlarmClock	POS	5	my only concern with this clock be that be not too stable when standing . better to have it sit when you be not play with it .
109	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock do exactly what it be advertise to do . it be small , it be cute , it work on a aa battery and the alarm be loud enough to wake up a normal person . i like the finish and the retro look . what i especially like be that be have a little button you push to see the face light up in the middle of the night ... without have it light up all the time . it be a awesome clock for $ 10 . i receive exactly the clock that be represent .
118	AlarmClock	POS	5	my wife be redecorate we bedroom and be look for a nice old fashion clock - we find this one at amazon and she love the line and look and everything about it . we order and it come in no time . i read review criticize the alarm , but i like it a lot . . the face start flash about a minute before the alarm sound , give i a chance to wake up without disturbing my wife , who like to sleep in . very please with this purchase and it be such a cool look clock !
614	AlarmClock	POS	5	buy this for keepsake and they be very nice indeed . i pay more for the darth vader from toys r us -lrb- do not ask i why -rrb- and on hindsight , i guess i should have check amazon before make any purchase in future . this be very nice and definitely a must keep for star war fan . i be wait for amazon to stock up again as the other be sell it too expensive now that lego be out of stock too .
268	AlarmClock	POS	5	have have recent bad experience with travel alarm i go out search for a new one . this one be easy to operate . buttons easily allow change of setting . it be very lightweight . the cover be make of plastic which make it seem flimsy but it work out ok - that add to the lightness . it be sturdy enough for my daily use . although a travel alarm i use it daily . it be very inexpensive and yet better than many more expensive model that i be retire .
949	AlarmClock	POS	5	it have `` 20 soothing sound '' many of which be enough to wake i up in the morning when that feature be use - especially the chime and the steam train engine . i usually use the 60 min . sleep timer and fall asleep to one of the myriad of water sound : ebb tide , surf 's up , rain , brook , and a few more . a few of they have realistic sound seagull , so i do not use those . -lrb- a good friend be dive-bomb by a seagull right into he mouth while on a fishing trip - i take on he antipathy towards seagull . -rrb- my husband and i have have a sound machine by another company for over 10 year - it finally give out . i also appreciate the light clock , that we old one do not have . this be a great buy -- enjoy !
444	AlarmClock	POS	5	this atomic solar power clock only need to be adjust once for you time zone . daylight savings time adjust automatically . clock that depend on electricity and battery be cumbersome because of frequent power surge . the indoor temperature be a nice addition . i do not use the alarm feature . i be delighted know the date , day , and have the exact time to rely on .
82	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a wonderful alarm clock for travel -- lightweight and easy to use . the alarm be about medium in volume . it start with a gentle rhythm , 1-2 pause , then get a bit more insistent -lrb- more ring between short pause -rrb- until you turn it off . the light be not very bright , but i find it adequate in a dark room . the clock fold very compactly -- the stand show behind the clock in the picture rotate around and become a cover . fold up , the clock be about 5\/8 '' thick . it arrive with the battery install . all i have to do be pull the plastic tab to enable the battery to start , and the clock be ready to go .
480	AlarmClock	POS	4	i purchase this clock not for the alarm but for a clock i keep above the tv set . since it be a radio control clock it be very accurate . the only complaint i have be that the lead display be very bright even on the low setting . i have no trouble get the signal from fort collins even though i live in north west oregon .
11	AlarmClock	POS	5	after buy the green moonbeam clock for myself , i purchase a pink one for a relative . the color of this clock be a much richer , deeper pink than the display picture suggest -lrb- in the picture , it appear almost salmon in color and look a bit wash out , which be not how it really look -rrb- . potential buyer also should know that , as with the other moonbeam clock , the pink one also have a thin -lrb- and aesthetically please -rrb- silver band along the base of the clock that i personally could not see in any of the online picture . also , please note that those who do not wake up to the gently flash light -lrb- which be effective in itself -rrb- be treat to a cheerful ringing alarm instead of a cranky buzz . as with the green moonbeam that i purchase , this pink one also work perfectly and delight its recipient , who have mention more than once what a pleasure it be to wake up to a softly light analog `` face '' instead of harsh red digital number . a perfect marriage of functionality , reliability , and a appearance that be 100 % delightful . finally , i should add that this clock add charm to any decor , since we be not into retro look . yes , this clock be a remake of a classic make by a classic manufacturer -lrb- westclox have be sell off , but the label on the bottom of both moonbeam clock that i purchase from this site proudly read `` westclox '' -rrb- , but it play well with room that be modern , minimalist , neutral , traditional , romantic , and any other style .
840	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have have it for a month and use it daily as a alarm clock and occasionally for a nap timer . keep perfect time as far as i can tell . thing i wish it have : 1 . graduate alarm volume ... start off low , then grow louder if not snooze or shut off . 2 . larger\/smoother alarm turn off switch . 3 . no beep sound when you hit the snooze button to see what time it be at night . 4 . ability to operate snooze button when unit be close .
356	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be loud . got this for my girlfriend who have a heck of a time get up in the morning . we both sit upright in bed the first morning she use this . the bed shaker work well too . so far it seem to be keep good time which some have think to be a issue and we have have this clock for a couple of week . she do not have any problem get up in the morning -lrb- though she have be know to hit the snooze but from time to time : p -rrb-
170	AlarmClock	POS	4	good product , do everything it be advertise to do . i can set alarm for different day easily . only drawback be that the clock have a small display which can be hard to see from across the room .
250	AlarmClock	POS	5	this replace the clock radio we have have since the 90 's . we never listen or wake up to music because my husband need a `` bomb '' to get he out of bed . for some reason , he hear the `` click '' which be very faint , and it start ... very low at first , increase in volume if he do not turn it off . the dual alarm be great and easy to set and the display go from very bright to faint or even off with a push of a button . since the light bother i at night , i turn it off but if need , just a touch of the snooze button show the time for a few seconds . we test the clock when we first get it to make sure it be loud enough to wake he and it be more than sufficient , even though he hear it earlier .
391	AlarmClock	POS	5	you ca not find much better than this clock if want a clock you can see from across the room ... ... price be great also . .
409	AlarmClock	POS	4	this foldable alarm clock run on 2 aaa battery , and include a light dial , snooze alarm , and 15-minute increment nap timer . it be easy to set and work like a charm . the 15-minute nap timer be programmable for up to several hour , and come in very handy for those `` power nap '' or longer snooze when you need to wake up , but do not want to set the alarm . my previous unit last for over three year of daily use and go on many airline trip and camping trip with i without a problem . the lcd display go out this summer , during a damp camping trip , but for less than $ 9 i be able to replace it . i be expect a good three year from the new one as well . i highly recommend this little travel clock .
387	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock have large number reading for night-time . the clock will lay back if the time bother you at night .
72	AlarmClock	POS	5	radio work great and phone be clear as a bell . clock programming be simple and intuitive . i especially like the ringer on the phone . plays a simple melody that i can not get out of my head .
136	AlarmClock	POS	5	i find this brookstone alarm clock to do exactly what it be suppose to do with easy to understand , logical functionality , in a easy to look-at , no-nonsense design . the clock measure a space-efficient 6 '' w x 2-3\/4 '' d x 3 '' h , so it have a small footprint and rubber foot to help keep it in place on it surface , but this be all clock , with no waste space with `` gingerbread '' aesthestic ; the time be show in large 1 '' h x 3 ' w easy-to-view digital display , with a full-length snooze bar give you a extra 6 minute before the alarm sound again . it be very simple to set either of the two wake-up setting independently , change the several pleasant back-light brightness setting and turn-on or turn-off either of the two independent alarm . it have a battery back-up should there be a loss of ac power , so not to worry about reset the time or you alarm ; they will not be lose . it have a factory-set default time for the eastern us , but be easily adjust to suit other time zone . it be not a a `` automatically correct atomic time-set '' clock and i do not care . the factory-installed battery be pre-set , and be user adjustable should the need arise . i really like the alarm on-off button , which be quite visible in the alarm-on -lrb- up -rrb- position , or descretely flush in the turned-off -lrb- down -rrb- position . i do not have to `` hunt '' for the button when i awake by the intelligently design progressive alarm . this clock be exactly what i want . no more , no less . i plan to purchse another as a gift to friend , with the hope it will be place in the guest room that i occasionaly use . all-in-all , i find this alarm clock very comfortable to use .
688	AlarmClock	POS	5	a great little clock with a vintage look , perfect for a small shelf in my country french room . good time , alarm great . very happy with clock !
666	AlarmClock	POS	4	pro : small and convenient , easy to store away when not use , just flip the cover up to close it . cover double as its stand . backlight be very bright when press . alarm be loud and annoying , will definitely wake you up . screen also flash red when alarm go off . only require one aaa battery . con : snooze button on the front of the alarm make it hard to hit . this could be good as it wake you up as you struggle to find the snooze button . no constant backlight mode . it would be nice to have a dim backlight on all the time , either at the cost of use more battery power or add a extra slot to make it two aaa battery instead of one . 4 minute snoozes ! really ! it be true . that do get annoying , but if you be a constant snooze hitter like i then you might need this . sometimes a pain in the butt to adjust the alarm time and then turn it on with the slide switch on the front . overall , it be be a very reliable alarm . could use some tweak , but for the cheap price you will not regret purchase it . 3.5 star in my book .
309	AlarmClock	POS	5	sooooo easy to use !!!! finally a product that be user friendly !!! even get it out of the package be easy ... set the time & alarm be sooooo simple ! it stand up well - read well - perfect size - alarm be just great !!! highly recommend 5 star !!! this be just what i want !!!!
49	AlarmClock	POS	5	after use for 15 year everyday and everywhere , somebody sit down on it and break it . i be so happy they be still availabe . until i get they for all my grandchild who be not bear yet , please keep make this wonderful clock .
293	AlarmClock	POS	4	i gifted this to my husband , who be a star wars fan . he absolutely love it . however , do not expect to hear the imperial march as you alarm . its just a generic alarm sound , but its still a fun piece .
752	AlarmClock	POS	5	best , easiest clock ever . do not know what be up with the other review -- i buy mine for use overseas , and have not change the battery in over a year . keep perfect time , be basically idiot proof to set , and wake i up even when i stuff it under my pillow after snooze # 1 . my 4 yr old use it for a flashlight and play hockey with it -- and it be still perfect after 2 year . and it be battery op , so it work when the power go out . yes , the tripod design can be knock over , but so can my water glass , and when that happen , i be glad my clock be not plug in ! this really be a great little clock , and i be on today because i be buy 2 more to give as christmas gift .
276	AlarmClock	POS	5	the quality of the sound soother be good and do what it be mean to do . i be a insomniac and this help i sleep . i also think when i sleep , i sleep a little sounder . i be glad i purchase it .
502	AlarmClock	POS	5	geneva clock co 4584e elgin electric alarm clock fold flat for wall mount . can read without glass , unlike 1.8 '' clock i own .
885	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be pretty simple , if you like star wars , lego 's and need a cool alarm clock then this be it . only issue i be have be with balance , it be easy to knock over , and the alarm chime , wish it be star wars related rather than just a generic beep . otherwise it look great , high quality , and work perfectly .
262	AlarmClock	POS	4	this little clock be exactly what i expect and seem to work fine , so far . the blue backlight be nice . one small complaint - i do not think qa be top on the list with the maufacturer - on mine , the snooze button be upside down ! it still work , just look a bit odd . but what can you expect for the price ?
338	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be such a attractive clock . number shine bright in a variety of color . it get my pre teen up . amazing . she try to beat the alarm . haha !! works great !! wonderful gift idea .
144	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be the best alarm clock i have ever own ! the display -lrb- not show in the amazon picture -rrb- be dark with illuminated number , and there be a brightness control for it . i leave it on the lowest setting and it be easily visible at night , without be bright enough to disturb i . the sound be pleasant to wake up to and have a volume control . i like the fact that there be no radio in this unit . -lrb- who ever listen to the radio in a clock radio anyway ? the sound be usually terrible . and set the alarm to `` radio '' just result in wake to ad or a overly chipper morning show . -rrb- the unit be small and attractive . it be perfect !
256	AlarmClock	POS	5	i enjoy the simplcity , yet accuracy of we elgin . also it be light and easy to carry on trip , and not subject to power outage . also like be able to see the dial in the dark if need be .
543	AlarmClock	POS	4	product have good display characteristic . easy to read in the dark . i think its automatic time set be 1 minute off which be a bit disconcerting .
911	AlarmClock	POS	4	this clock be great for shift worker . another reviewer mention that tap the snooze button more than once multiply the user define snooze time by the number of tap . that be a nice surprise that i do not read about in the instruction booklet . the battery backup be nice in the event of a power outage . however , my old clock would keep track of the time internally and still sound the alarm -lrb- even the radio -rrb- at the correct time with no ac power apply . this clock save its setting but will not wake you if the power be off when you alarm should sound . as be mention in another review , the backup battery holder be cheap and oddly support . this force i to re-enter the setting the first time i move the clock . a wire on the holder must have be over the battery contact . i bent it away and it seem to retain the setting now . there be room for improvement but this be the first of its kind and it do what i need it to do . maybe the upcome `` executive '' model will address some of these thing . regardless , i be happy with it .
92	AlarmClock	POS	4	the alarm clock be fine . all plastic but good quality . there be a couple of led on each side of the lcd screen that serve as backlighting , they vary in color depend on what model you get -lrb- i.e. darth vader glow red , storm trooper glow yellow -rrb- . it be a real shame the only sound this thing emit be a generic alarm clock sound . it would have be great if they include just a couple of star wars theme effects\/alarms .
639	AlarmClock	POS	5	most travel clock be those that fold up to a travel `` package '' . this one just travel well . minimal packing effort yield a alarm clock that be accurate , give you the ambient temperature and simple function . spend a week or more in one location and you will welcome the simple feature of this atomicly accurate , digital clock . it be also nice that it tell you the ambient temperature . well worth the $ 20 that you will spend on this clock . and , it work well at home in the bathroom , kitchen , etc. .
834	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have my sunrise clock for over five year and it have make get up , especially in the winter when it be so dark , much easier and less jarring than a blare alarm sound out of the blue . it finally die yesterday , and i order a replacement today . i 'll have to make do with a traditional alarm clock until mine come . i highly recommend the sunrise alarm clock !
762	AlarmClock	POS	5	live in the country , we lose power a lot , so ac-powered alarm clock simply be not a option for i . i have use a variety of 100 % battery operate alarm clock in the past , and this might be my favorite so far . its simple : a analog clock face that light up nicely -lrb- but not too brightly -rrb- when the button on the top be press . the alarm be easy to set , easy to turn on and off , and hard to sleep through . the tone be almost pleasant -lrb- at first -rrb- wake you up without a shock ... but it get steadily louder and faster so it be almost impossible to sleep through . i have not use it long enough to rate battery life , but power by 1 c battery it should last for a quite a while -lrb- my old clock run on two aaa 's and last almost a year - let 's face it , alarm clock be not exactly demand -rrb- . my only concern be that the unit be plastic . my cat like to hockey-puck thing off of my bedside table -lrb- especially if he want he breakfast , i.e. , almost every morning -rrb- . that be why my old clock be a metal clock -- the kind with the real bell inside . however , it be survive be knock to the ground several time so far with no visible damage , so despite a somewhat flimsy feel this clock be pretty sturdy .
853	AlarmClock	POS	4	yeah i just recieve my sweetheart sonic boom alarm clock and it actually come 2 day early -lrb- yeah -rrb- and be right on time since i have to work midnight tonight -lrb- yuck -rrb- . anyway , i plug it in and place the bed vibrate thing between my matress and box spring and go to sleep . i awake think either the house be fall down or someone literally be shake i ! consider i live a lone and be a little bit of a scardy cat , i dont know if i want to wake up terrorfied ! but the goal be accomplish i be awaken all adrenalin rush and frazzle but i make it to work ... early . the sweetheart clock look be cute but the plastic seem cheap but how much damage do a alarm clock need to take ? the control be small which be good that force u to get up , turn on a light to turn it off . the display be bright but have a dimmer switch and it flash when the alarm go off . i have never own a alarm clock that i actually use , since i be traditionally a light sleeper but now with my hectic lifestyle and the deep sleep deprive nap i take for rest i need something like this to wake up . i think they be a great price on amazon and they work and its cute . doesnt get better then that do it !
472	AlarmClock	POS	5	this large display solve a problem for my husband . he roll out of bed time be 1:00 am & with we previous bedside clock he have to find he glass to be able to check the time . not so with this one . the number be large & clear . he call it he billboard . battery backup feature be a definate plus . problem solve ! thanks chaney and amazon !
434	AlarmClock	POS	4	for a small clock , the digital readout be large and easy to read . it work just as promise . i put in the battery , turn the switch to on , and set it aside . it find the correct time in under five minute . it automatically set to pacific time , so i do have to change it to my time zone , which be easy to figure out . i use it as my bedside clock , and my one concern be that it be so lightweight , it would be very easy to knock it over when fumble around for the light in the middle of the night .
533	AlarmClock	POS	5	we have four kid , the oldest be 4 yo , so sound machine be common in my house . here 's how i would rank the one we use currently : 1 . sharper image ec-b100 -lrb- ~ $ 40 -rrb- . pro : 20 sound , by far the best for low -lrb- bass sound -rrb- , ac power . con : big , expensive . 2 . white noise app for iphone\/ipod -lrb- free for lite version -rrb- . pro : sound ok , cheap . con : only 10 sound , need smartphone , need to be charge or plug in . 3 . sleep aid app for iphone\/ipod -lrb- $ 0.99 -rrb- . pro : sound ok , cheap . con : only a few sound , need smartphone , need to be charge or plug in . 4 .  conair su7 sound therapy and relaxation clock radio  pro : good value , compact unit , ac power . con : sound fair compare with app , terrible when compare with sharper image , only 10 sound . - recommendation - it be not cheap but it be a really good sound machine . if you be look for a physical machine and want value , go with the conair ; otherwise , spend the extra money and get this . - special note if you have kid - we do not use any of these for the alarm clock feature . if you be use this for kid , i highly recommend this  american innovative teach i time ! talk alarm clock and nightlight
534	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have look everywhere -lrb- include wal-mart -rrb- and could not find just a simple travel clock anywhere . this be just what i want - nothing fancy but it do the job i need it to do .
984	AlarmClock	POS	4	wonderful alarm clock for anyone who get up at different time on different day . just set it once and forget it . so far it have never fail to go off . i wish the display be easier to read and the off button be bigger . i sometimes hit the snooze by mistake . update 7\/2007 . still like the clock but when the power be out the battery keep the time\/settings but the alarm do not go off .
821	AlarmClock	POS	5	i take ambien and it still wakes me up . this alarm have help me keep my job ! the vibrate mechanism be what really help me . the 1st time it startle you but you get used to it . great .
59	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this for my husband who be a big ` star wars ' fan . he love it !! he put this in he office at work as functional decoration .
886	AlarmClock	POS	4	this little clock be great , if you have the right mattress . i get it about a month ago , and since then be lucky enough to get a new mattress . my old one be thinner and you basic ` come with the bed set ' stuff , and the little sonic boom get i up in a jiffy . my new mattress be very thick , and the boom only cause a gentle buzz that be pretty easy to ignore . so , it do it be job if you have the right bed for it . also , the light of the clock face be bright ; if you be a light sleeper you will not enjoy it . i end up drape a thin scarf over it to dull it a bit . with all that say it be still a reliable clock that be very cute and unique .
647	AlarmClock	POS	5	it arrive quickly and be just what i want . i be very happy with my purchase .
638	AlarmClock	POS	5	my 5 y.o. son love this clock . we use it for when he know when quiet time be all do . i set the alarm for 2:30 pm -lrb- or whatever -rrb- and when it go off then he know he can come out of he room . this way he be not come out constantly ask if quiet time be do . he like that he can see what time it be even if it be dark in he room .
258	AlarmClock	POS	5	good selection of sound , time , two alarm . works well , easy to move and use . it help my dog sleep which help i sleep . good value for the money .
400	AlarmClock	POS	5	everything about this alarm clock be great . the nap timer be good when you need to time anything . look good on a desk .
835	AlarmClock	POS	4	there be two great feature that i like the best . the graduwake alarm . this come in useful if you do not will not to wake up you partner , or if you current alarm `` scare '' you awake . the nap alarm . this be good for those short `` power nap '' . i will probably pick up another one as a gift .
910	AlarmClock	POS	5	plus : 1 . this be a true atomic clock , none of the factory set wannabe 's . so it set itself from the federal clock in colorado . for example if congress scrap the dst in 3 year from now , the clock will correct itself after the rule be pass . 2 . nice led display easy to read in low\/high light . i have another atomic clock in lcd , the lcd clock emit too much light . the current clock be perfect to view . 3 . clear button for alarm & time zone -lrb- cst , est. . . -rrb- button be minimal , useful and functional . 4 . lighweight , and use a battery for power outage 5 . alarm volume be fine . i be normal sleeper and have no issue hear it . 6 . for a price -lrb- include shipping = $ 27 -rrb- . well worth the money . the other option be from brookstone etc and way too expensive . negative : so-so look . will not stand out as a cool clock . recommend .
842	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm clock will give you everything you want in a alarm clock and skip the thing that make alarm clock a pain ! i think my old alarm be break so search far and wide for one i would like . before the brookstone get here , i find that my old alarm be okay and i have inadvetantly set it incorrectly , thus the late wake-up . i be go to keep the brookstone as a back-up ... until i try it . i be hooked and the old alarm be in a spare bedroom . what it have , be very easy to see and read display . as state in other review , you can choose the brightness . i like mine bright . it have two alarm setting and large raise button to click the alarm off and back on for the next morning . the snooze bar run across the entire width of the front of the clock so no mistake miss the snooze and hit the `` off '' . the alarm set time be on the screen so no mistake . what this model do not have be a radio . i do not want a radio . there be another brookstone model if you prefer a radio with you alarm . this clock be a little pricey compare to many other model you can purchase , but , this be the one you want if you be tire of the tiny little button that clutter many of the other clock and the possibility of set the `` radio '' wake-up only to discover that the unit be not set on a channel and you awake , finally , to static . this be user friendly and straight on . the compartment for change setting be easy to get to -lrb- on the back of the clock -rrb- cover with a little panel , but there be no chance you will inadvertently mess you setting up . you have to easily remove the push style back plate to access the time zone and auto daylight save time setting . there be nothing about it that i do not like . i would give it to a friend and give my old clock to someone who be not so much my friend !!
6	AlarmClock	POS	5	this travel clock be exactly what i want . it be very easy to operate , it have no bright light at night , it be easy to read , it be stable and compact . and a good price . i prefer to have the temperature include on the lcd , but even without that , it be still worth 5 star .
924	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be very pleased with my purchase . i love the dual alarm and the choice of soothing sound . the design be very functional , as it fit on my nightstand . great product for the money . fast delivery from amazon .
440	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy two of these to replace we two timex bedside clock radio . whenever there be a power failure , the time would drift on the backup battery so eventually they display different and incorrect time . they also have to be adjust twice a year between daylight saving time and standard time . we grow tired of this . i search far and wide for a radio-controlled alarm clock with a amber lead back-lit display that stay illuminate all of the time . i be unable to find any . this clock be close . it have a amber lead back-lit display that illuminate for a few seconds when the snooze bar be press . the alarm be fairly loud and progressively beep more the longer it alarm , a good feature . however , if the snooze bar be not press , the alarm stop and do not beep again for another 24 hour . the best part , though , be that the clock never have to be set , be always correct , and automatically change between standard and daylight saving time .
555	AlarmClock	POS	4	this clock be compact and easy to read and use . i wish that the on-off switch be more readable in the dark .
119	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have one of these for about 16 year . the same one . in daily use as a alarm clock at home , as well as go with i when i travel . it be durable enough i often put it in check luggage . some of the write around the button be start to rub off finally . about a decade ago i drop it in a parking lot -lrb- with the case open -rrb- and one of the two little plastic ratchet tab that hold it open or closed break . the other one have hold it open or closed fine ever since . the alarm sound be quite nice , pleasant to wake up to but -lrb- importantly -rrb- loud enough to wake up to . it keep very accurate time , much better than a far more expensive one i win about 5 year ago . the backlight start to get dim and the alarm sound weak when the battery get low , but that be not often . i replace the battery every 5 year or so , fairly common watch battery and easy to find . you 'll get plenty of warn before it wind up run so low it will not alarm , so it be very trustworthy to rely on when you need to be up . if mine ever do die i be glad to see they be still available .
238	AlarmClock	POS	5	excellent travel alarm clock . lightweight . easy to set up . alarm sound get progressively louder . number be large . a light can be turn on to view the time when it be dark .
492	AlarmClock	POS	5	the soleil sunrise alarm clock have many feature that be handy to have in a alarm clock , and i have be able to wake up so much easier than with a traditional alarm clock . now i usually wake up 10 -15 minute before the alarm actually go off . great product !
15	AlarmClock	POS	5	the clock arrive quickly-normal shipping . works fine ... what else can i say .
244	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love it . i like to know accurate time . flash dot all the time , i do not mind it , but my wife say it would get on she nerve . display time as soon as i plug it in .
282	AlarmClock	POS	5	no nature sound , no satellite setting , no ipod or cd connection , just a straight forward alarm clock that be refreshing in its simplicity . pull it out of the package -lrb- it already have the battery -rrb- , set the time , the time you want to get up , switch on the alarm and be do with it . some thing do not need to be complicate -lrb- such as a alarm clock -rrb- . i have it on my night stand and when i travel , i throw it in the suitcase , sandwich between a stack of clothes . its sturdy enough -lrb- plastic -rrb- to get the job do .
712	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm clock be the perfect backup travel alarm clock . it be the smallest , lightest alarm clock possible that even have a few extra feature to boot . \* it be small 2.6 '' w x 1.8 '' h x 0.6 '' d and weigh a scant 2oz with battery . \* it take 2 lr44 watch battery -lrb- easy to find -rrb- that have a lifespan of over 1.5 year and be lighter than the newer version -lrb- casio pq-13 and casio pq-15 -rrb- that take aaa and aa battery . \* extra feature on this tiny clock be : 1 -rrb- 12 & 24 hr setting 2 -rrb- snooze feature -lrb- only 5-mins though -rrb- 3 -rrb- lead backlight -lrb- old green type -rrb- 4 -rrb- 3 separate function button that adjust with a audible click : time -lrb- alarm\/clock\/display -rrb- , display -lrb- 12 or 24 hour -rrb- , and alarm -lrb- on\/off\/snooze -rrb- so that there be not any mistake . as a result of its compact size , the function button be tiny . however , after a few use one can easily remember which button be which . in addition , as this be digital , there be no annoying tick . my main complaint be that the snooze\/light button -lrb- the blue one be the picture -rrb- be not protect when the stand\/cover be close . as such , the button could get accidentally press during transport . however , this issue have not be address in subsequent version . highly recommend as a backup travel alarm for those of we with smart phone . if the small label and tiny button be not a issue , this would also work well as a primary alarm clock .
661	AlarmClock	POS	4	replace a old scanner with this one . a good value for the money it have more bell and whistle than i need and find the reception on the fm and am not too terrific but i do not buy it for that . uniden put out a quality product with decent manual to program . although i still have a slight problem understand the grouping of priority channel . but undertand , i be technically challenge so do it at all be a accomplishment . do not hesitate to to recommend .
570	AlarmClock	POS	5	very please with product and delivery . item be ship with proper packing and arrive on time . order for my wife 's birthday and she absolutley love it . enjoyable option for alarm setting and easy to set up separate alarm with individual setting .
147	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm work great and the price be ideal . in read the review i see that some folk be bother by the dim light that it have -- yes it be dim , but it be not a deal-breaker for i . i have look at a clock at edie bauer recently and it feel very cheap -- this clock feel like it will hold up . i can also deal with the 4 minute snooze alarm -- i 'll only use this for travel and will rely on my sony dream machine -lrb- with 4 alarm setting and a pleasant tune -rrb- to wake i up on most day ... update : have be use this clock for about a month and have use it as a backup alarm set on my dresser to force i to get out of bed . it work great ! i take it on a weekend trip and it work fine for that too .
708	AlarmClock	POS	5	my daughter have not be late for school since i buy this as a second alarm clock ! she `` regular '' one be set ; this one be set for ten minute later and sit at the foot of she stair . if she get up on time she never have to hear this one ! -lrb- the variable tone and volume be a real plus too -rrb-
764	AlarmClock	POS	5	my daughter be so picky , we could not find she a alarm clock in sooo many different store , but when i show it to she online she like it and when we riceve it she love it . the vibration under she pillow allow she yunger sister who sleep with she stay sleep when my older should be awake for school it very nice gift and so convenieance !
798	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be a sailor and sometimes have to sleep with ear plug in , so i need a loud alarm clock . on low level , it be not too loud for normal use . i give my clock away to a friend and have just buy a replacement . good quality construction . i also like the slightly longer-than-normal snooze time .
96	AlarmClock	POS	4	four star be suppose to be `` like it . '' and i like it . but i do not love it . the display and design be great . i be go to use `` sound quality '' and `` functionality , '' which i give only two star , to describe the two problem : the sound loop be just too short . and the quality of -lrb- some of -rrb- the sound just be not what it should be . what be frustrate be that the actual equipment , the speaker etc. , \* be of high enough quality ; the evidence be the rainforest sound , which be absolutely beautiful , crystal-clear , soothing , lovely , with a invisible loop that give you no impression of repeat -lrb- if anything it sound as if it go on forever -rrb- . it be everything you could want . in we own view , all the other fall short . the thunderstorm , which we would love , the chimes , which we would love , the ocean -lrb- i think it be -rrb- , which we would love -- they be just too short . the chime be beautiful , the sound quality be crystalline , and after listen for 15 minute the short loop , the repetition of exactly the same order of the chime you hear and you know which chime be come next instead of produce a natural chime sound of random and hugely vary tone -lrb- which you could achieve by make it three time longer -rrb- , be irritating , not soothing . same for thunderstorm . same for ocean ; you know which seagull be go to call next . sigh . and as for the rain , any hollywood movie have better , more realistic rain sound -lrb- which be also synthesize in almost all case , beautifully so ; you can often hear the individual drop , as you can in real life -rrb- than this , which sound indistinct and fuzzy and , frankly , more like white noise than natural rain fall on tree and pavement . why -- why !? -- do not the idiot -lrb- sorry , but -rrb- who put in the money and engineering to make this a potentially terrific , perfect machine , whose design , feature , and hardware quality be all excellent , sacrifice on the one thing we really need and want and which they could easily provide : the sound themselves . rainforest be almost perfect : subtle , lovely tropical bird call , the rain gentle in the background . we use it all the time . thunderstorm and chime and ocean should and could be as good . if you create a watch that look great , whose mechanic you make perfect , for a good price , and then sacrifice on one thing -- it can not really keep accurate time -- you be a fool . would i buy it again ? it be difficult to find a good machine that be not over or well over a hundred dollar . so maybe , yeah , i probably would , just for rainforest . but it be so disappointing . the ec-b100 have huge potential . that potential be poorly use . ridiculous .
726	AlarmClock	POS	4	i want a alarm clock to wake i up with something other than beep or a radio . i try the sony icfc707 clock radio which have more sophisticated programming than this clock . but the sony have only 5 sound , all of which be too innocuous to penetrate my sleep mind . this clock 's designer include some sound for people like i who want a soothing sound to wake they up -lrb- i use the wind chime setting -rrb- . all in all , i miss the sony 's programming , which include the 5 day programming . also with the sony , you can choose different sound and volume level for each alarm and sleep function . this clock , as far as i know , have the same volume across the board . also , like other reviewer say , the increment between the volume setting -lrb- from vol 1 to vol level 2 -rrb- be just too wide . some of the sound be pretty hard to distinguish from each other , -lrb- ebb tide , oceanside & surf up , for example -rrb- so i be a bit unsure why they even bother to include they separately . the wind chime loop seem very short ; for wake up , it be just fine , for go to sleep , it might drive some people batty . pro : pleasant sound to wake up to which you can control the volume level con : somewhat unsophisticated programming -- one volume for all , no 5\/2 day alarm choice
582	AlarmClock	POS	5	i use this little alarm clock at home and when i travel . on occasion i have even carry it in my purse . it be easy to read -lrb- nice big number -rrb- . it be easy to set and reset during the day if you need to . please be aware , however , for those who can sleep through most any alarm that this alarm do not sound for a long time -lrb- it be battery run after all -rrb- .
78	AlarmClock	POS	4	as other reviewer have mention , this seem to be the only clock of its kind out there . it be the most sensible clock i have ever own . i have it set for a earlier time twice a week on the day that i run , and for a later time on weekend day . i do not hear a pop when the radio come on , so it be so slight i do not even notice it . the shortcoming be slight but i will mention they . to set the alarm you use the big knob on the top , and it make a fairly loud crank noise which can be kind of annoy to you sleep spouse . the other thing be that the little display that tell you if the alarm be on or not be very tiny - it would be nice if it be bigger . overall though this be a great alarm clock and i recommend it for anyone who do not get up at the same time every day .
620	AlarmClock	POS	5	retraction from 1\/11\/2011 . i write a sassy report about return on a malfunction clock i purchase . after simply navigate `` my amazon account '' , i learn how simple it really be to return a item . i regret be quick to comment . i be a first time buyer .
108	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this clock for when i go to jail , it work great wake i up every day and the batt . last a long time
162	AlarmClock	POS	5	as a star wars fanatic , this clock be fun to have and great to wake up to . it also inspire my son to wake up early .
730	AlarmClock	POS	4	this clock do not use 1 c size battery . i require three aa cell -lrb- operate on 4.5 volt -rrb- . also , clock face do not face forward . it be pitch upward by about 20 degree . this be fine if you be look down at the clock . if however you place it at eye level or on a shelf above you head , it be go to look stupid . the back-lit dial face be useful if turn up all the way . rear of clock have time and alarm setting knob , battery compartment , alarm sound port , and brightness control . the top have a combination snooze alarm switch and momentary bright light switch . the right side of clock have alarm on\/off switch . there be no rubber foot on the bottom of clock so it slide easily . also , the plastic housing be static prone and attract a lot of dust . there be no model number stamp or emboss anywhere ; battery door say `` make in china '' . all in all , not a bad clock for ten buck provide it keep work .
993	AlarmClock	POS	5	accurate , easy to use , inexpensive , silent movement , good alarm sound ... this product seem almost perfect . if i have to find a con it would be that the hand be silhouette -lrb- see through -rrb- . i think they would be easier to read at night if they be solid . i have only have it for a month , so i can not comment on battery life .
428	AlarmClock	POS	5	love this travel alarm with nap feature . i have be purchase this feature 3 time since 1996 . i use it for nap of course , as well as a timer for kid program , do housework , and even bake . it be my main alarm clock in the house and camper .
628	AlarmClock	POS	5	great clock ... large easy to read hand ... this clock keep excellent time . . it be too big to put in you suitcase for travel but good for home usage .
239	AlarmClock	POS	5	i like this digital ! the number be large and easy to read at night , even without my glass . it be easy to tell the time and i like that !
248	AlarmClock	POS	4	have a `` always accurate '' clock be a great feature in my house . it be easy to read and have all the necessary information show in the display . i especially like the battery\/solar charge feature , no wire to place or power supply to use electricity 24 hour a day . the curve shape be tricky to pick up as it tend to slip more than square edge would . i wonder if the clock will stand up to be in direct sunlight -lrb- use to recharge the battery -rrb- for several year . usually this kind of item say on the instruction not to place the item in direct sunlight , which be not in the instruction for this clock .
705	AlarmClock	POS	5	i look at customer review when i be shopping , & one review state the number be huge . yes they be & can be see from a good distance away if you have it setup on a dresser or something else . it be get a backup battery already install & the time be set at the factory . i do not have to set it , just plug it in , so i all i can say be `` nice '' : -rrb-
571	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a very nice little clock for the money . the setting button be clear and easy to use . the alarm be perfectly adequate for i . my only problem be that the back light be not sufficient to see the time at night .
16	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be extremely pleased with this clock . i like the sound of the alarm . my only complaint be that although the face light up you have difficulty read the number at night . however , this would not prevent i from purchase another elgin battery-operated alarm clock .
487	AlarmClock	POS	4	its not a big clock , its around 12 inch . the light turn red when you push the head . i really like it . the only thing i didnt like its that the alarm have a very low sound .
34	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this because i want a small , maintenance-free alarm clock . it be not as small as i would like -lrb- it be about the size of two vhs tape -rrb- . it claim to be solar power but it come with a cr123a lithium `` back-up '' battery . the manual read , `` this battery should provide a back up power supply to you clock for up to 8 year or even longer . '' i have not have it long so i can not verify that claim . it do set the time automatically , which be cool .
606	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have a $ 400 phone with winmo 6.1 pro that be incapable of deal with alarm . so i buy this $ 9.99 clock that just work . the number be bright , it be small . there be one button to adjust the alarm and the clock itself . there be a big button that show if the alarm be engage . back to basics . i be in love with it already .
822	AlarmClock	POS	5	now he be excite because he have he own alarm clock to wake up to . its perfect for the kid who like lego and star war -lrb- what kid do not -rrb- .
907	AlarmClock	POS	4	there be few analog plug-in clock available these day , so i be delighted to find this one . not only do it function well , but i love the design . the pre-alarm tone light flash be cool , though it rarely wake i if i be in deep sleep .
200	AlarmClock	POS	4	my husband and i luck out on a sale of these and each get one . the ability to program for a different time for each day be invaluable . once you understand how the timeset function work , it be a breeze to adjust . another reviewer comment that it do not have much of a radio , but i do not buy this gadget for its sound . i have a stereo if i want to hear good music ! all i want be for the radio to wake i up rather than a discordant `` beeeeeeep . '' and that it do ! i also do not mind manual tuning ; i like the ability to be able to tune in station with a knob . digital tuning mean you be stick listen to whatever tuning the radio deem correct .
676	AlarmClock	POS	4	too bad there be no option to keep it on !!! the time only display for a few seconds after you clap\/make noise and then it be off . you might be applaud a lot if you be often interested in the time . otherwise , i love the way it look and its size be perfect for my desk space .
111	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a great little alarm clock . we be no longer at the mercy of the unreliable hotel wake-up call . however , the face of the clock be dark and therefore illegible in the middle of the night .
74	AlarmClock	POS	4	item work exactly as describe . it actually get the signal from colorado very quickly once i realize i need to turn on the wave . buttons be easily hit accidentally which can cause the clock to change to 24 hr time or turn off the signal receiver .
438	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be even more than i expect it to be . it be fully electric with a battery backup . the 3 type of wakeup sound be crystal clear and very interesting . timex 's reputation be even higher in my mind now that i own this clock .
279	AlarmClock	POS	5	i want a simple travel alarm that would be sure to wake i up and be reasonably price . this be exactly what i want ! i oder two . i especially like the cover ; it cover the control button but leave the display visible . the slider switch be a bit flimsy , but it work just fine . the 4 minute snooze be not adjustable , but it be good for travel - you really do need to get up when the alarm go off .
703	AlarmClock	POS	4	little bigger than i think it would be , but work great and loud enough to wake i up .
825	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be give as a present at christmas . it work as avertised and have exceed my expectation . i would recommend it for anyone consider use it for background noise while you be sleep and still need the functionality of a good alarm to wake by .
673	AlarmClock	POS	5	i get tire of the new fangled gadjet not work or have to be a engineer to make they work . this alarm be simple , loud and will last many year . i have to hunt for it but be glad to see it be still in production to replace my old one which after many year give up the ghost .
805	AlarmClock	POS	4	this clock seem to work fine . it take forever to sync up with the atomic clock -lrb- and i live in a major city -rrb- but finally it do . my one complaint be that when the clock be open , the stand be very long and juuuust do not fit on a standard windowsill .
955	AlarmClock	POS	5	i already have this clock but i order it for my niece , my mom also have the same clock along with my neighbor ! no matter where you look , this be the better deal , you can not find it any cheaper , even with shipping cost . have a light go off instead of a noise go off in you ear from be in a dead sleep be a lot more peaceful for sure . it fit into the style of my 1950 's home for sure ... amy
481	AlarmClock	POS	4	have two of these and really like they . my only complaint be they be not attractive !
597	AlarmClock	POS	5	this sonic boom sweetheart alarm clock be great ! i usually sleep soundly and have a problem hear the alarm . i have be search for year for one that i can depend on to wake i up everyday . this be it ! if the very very loud alarm do not wake you , the vibrator will ... just put it under you mattress pad and it will wake you every time . the brightness of the number , the type of sound the alarm make and the volume of the alarm can all be adjust . also , you can choose between alarm only , vibrator only or alarm\/vibrator combination ... it be up to you . and , of course , there be a snooze button that be easy to access .
679	AlarmClock	POS	5	i like that this be a battery alarm clock so that i do not have to use another electrical receptacle . it be sufficiently loud to wake my 8 year-old or i . it be really cool that it be backlit when you press the figure 's head . but -- what my son be thrill about be figure out that he uncle milton brand mini-lightsaber -lrb- kit -rrb- actually fit into this minifig 's hand ! so , now darth be complete with saber !! awesome !
332	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be just what we need for we bedroom . it be very easy to read from across the room at night .
93	AlarmClock	POS	4	the alarm clock be very good . it be not obnoxiously loud , which i like . not only do it beep , but the light also flash . my only dislike be that the snooze be not very long . it be only 4 minute . i would prefer more time than that . but it do get i out of bed . it small and portable , so i bring it with i when i travel because of the convenience . it seem to be a good product .
631	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be buy a replacement that i have for 15 year . it still work but the light go off . i never think they be still make it . i try recently 2 other brand that do not make it 1 month pay around $ 25 . i give up , i be still use my old westclck until today when i find this one on amazon .
511	AlarmClock	POS	5	my husband be a huge sw fan who receive this for he birthday . he be thrilled ! great look toy , with the bonus of be a clock\/mp3 player\/etc . good stuff !
50	AlarmClock	POS	5	i just receive this clock , and i love it . i be a little skeptical about whether the light would wake i up -lrb- i be a heavy sleeper -rrb- , but as soon as they start flash , i wake up . the bell sound be also pretty loud , so i think it would be a good back-up . i definately recommend this clock .
827	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love everything about this clock . the illuminate dial be so nice to see when you wake up in the middle of the night and give you something to look at if you be have trouble sleep ! i like the volume of the ringer but i usually wake from just the flash light .
187	AlarmClock	POS	5	my daughter be the world 's heaviest sleeper -lrb- age 7 -rrb- and this be the first alarm we find that not even she can sleep through . engage three sens to generate the wake-up : vestibular\/motion -lrb- via the vibrate pod you put under the pillow or mattress -rrb- ; sight -lrb- flash light -rrb- ; hearing -lrb- variable loud-mama blare alarm -rrb- . you can adjust the volume and the tone of the alarm , so if you have thinnish wall , you should still be able to use this . great for special needs\/autism spectrum , adhd . wish i would know about this before i waste gob of money try so many other alarm .
826	AlarmClock	POS	5	my wife love this clock she as ahard time of see with out she glass she can see the number with out any problem great product thankyou
782	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this for myself to use since i can not sleep well in a quiet room and i do not want to use a fan during winter . the first night though it go in my girl room and it be be there ever since . the sound last throughout the night and it work perfect for they . sometimes they elect to rotate through different effect which be simple enough . of course now they be like i and can not sleep in a too quiet room .
658	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a piece of junk which actually work and do the job . it not only serve the purpose for which it be intend but it also cost less than a few hour ' work at minimum wage . never mind the likely deplorable wages -lrb- if any -rrb- at the chinese factory . the back of this table radio be truly cheap . as long as you do not turn the set backwards -lrb- to reveal the shoddiness of the material -rrb- or blast the volume to reveal the speaker 's inability to handle megawatt , you 'll manage to impress whichever inquisitive friend who happen to cross you living room or bedroom threshold . i have no clue as to how much the single -lrb- mono -rrb- speaker can handle ; keep the volume down and the cone should survive as long as the rest of this good and cheap radio . the fake wood veneer truly look fake , unless it be be examine by drunken eye . there be 10 am preset , which can be directly-tune ; same go for fm : there be 10 fm preset , which can be directly access . basically , once you have program - med the 20 preset , all you later have to do to tune in to any of you 20 favorite station be to reach for the direct-touch button -lrb- which have be dedicate to that station -rrb- and press the button 1 time . the only other keystroke which you 'll have to perform so as to surf between preset station be the press of the button for am\/fm band . once the radio be on -lrb- and the volume be more or less at a satisfactory level -rrb- , it 'll take only two keystroke maximum : one to switch band -lrb- from am to fm , or from fm to am : same button do both -rrb- , and one to select the particular station of interest . the distinct advantage that this afford a preoccupy individual be that with one dainty finger -lrb- which be relatively clean\/dry -rrb- it be simple and easy to instantly pinpoint and immediately hear any station out of ten . this at-a-glance , light-touch-results feature be , imho , the best aspect of this humble , unpretentious ac radio . to get the instant-access preset tuning feature with other model by other manufacturer , you would easily have to spend 100 dollar us -lrb- although they be much more solidly build , have stereo , have pll fancy tuning , and can blast music without endanger a speaker -rrb- . the list price supposedly be 50 -lrb- a gyp -rrb- ; target have it for 20 w\/o tax -lrb- tax additional -rrb- at its walk-in cash-and-carry store in nyc . for you to order it over the web via amazon from target be a good deal -lrb- even though it cost more than in person -rrb- because you time spent to shlep over to a bricks-and-mortar store will defeat cash saved -lrb- plus you 'll get hungry midway , which mean more cash go -rrb- the color of the digit dispay be a -lrb- imho -rrb- pleasant cobalt blue . i prefer the blue over the standard-issue red or green , even though red and green supposedly help to preserve night-vision . color : ok btw , you might consider order two piece -lrb- two jcr-425 's -rrb- . it be not possible to successfully cannibalize a defunct one , but there be a two-fold advantage to the get a second one in the order : - when -lrb- eventually\/inevitably -rrb- the first one conk out , you trash it or give it to a older boy for he to take apart for fun ; - when you order both at once you only get hit 1x for the postage
965	AlarmClock	POS	4	buy this on friday 22\/10 and get it on monday 26\/10 and after only one night i have to share my thought . this product be awesome and live up to the hype . i have no problem with the display as i leave the plastic sheet on , the choice of sound be more than i need . i try a few but i like the chime the best and will stick with that . the sound setting be fine with i . i leave it at the # 1 and that be just fine with i . for those who have complain about the brightness of the display screen or the volume imo they be just nitpicker . i be glad that i buy this product and look forward to many year of use . if you be in the market for this type of alarm clock\/sound machine look no further , this be the best out there .
99	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a wonderful clock ! simply plug in the clock , pick you area and the time be set , it do not get easier than that . i have it place across the room and have no trouble see what time it be without my glass . a great buy .
864	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have this clock for just a couple of day but i be extremely impressed . i place it on the dresser in my bedroom and it be easily readable . i have have projection clock and these end up in the trash over time because the projection fade or become fuzzy - and i have have several - but this new clock without projection be the cat 's meow ! i feel that i need to see the time when i awake in the night and this clock have not disappointed i - the number be huge , clear and just perfect . the battery backup take a 9 volt and it be easily install . the packaging be not too much -lrb- i hate those form fitting one you have to slice you finger up to open -rrb- - this packaging be clear plastic but pop right off . needless to say i be very pleased and highly recommend this clock .
436	AlarmClock	POS	4	i get this alarm clock because i just recently get some roommate that share a wall with i , and i also have a fan that run all night that be very loud . i read review for many different sound machine and this one seem like the most bang for they buck , on account i do not get all of they i can not be certain . i sleep with the northwoods set which be just great , feel like i be camp , i be disappoint by the fireside which seem to quiet , the rain sound too ... i do not even know how to describe it , but i have fun go through a listen to they , and there be plenty of good one in there . the back light be by no means too bright , the whole display do light up and that seem unnecessary but it be certainly not too bright , i be very picky about that . i have not try to use sound for the alarm because i have do so in the past and they work they way into my dream and do not wake i up , so i use the beep which also stop the sound and work well , certainly not a horrible alarm to wake up to and start i off stressed . all in all i would say if you be look for a alarm clock or a soothing sound maker this be a good buy for the money , the price be not all that much , if you just have to have the most picture perfect , crystal clear , realistic , non-repetitive sound while you sleep ... order one of these , find out which one you like and then move to where those sound be real ... or you can spend the $ 40 and enjoy this device .
217	AlarmClock	POS	5	just a straight-forward , no-frills alarm clock , with no frill to get in the way . when you be groggy and just wake up , you do not want to hit the wrong button .
844	AlarmClock	POS	5	i want a atomic clock that would set it self . the picture be similar to one for 44.95 that state it set it self . i choose this clock since it be a better value . as it turn out it be the same clock . i plug it in and it read the correct time . i unplug it and set it up in we bed room and again it display the correct time . it also adjust for day light savings .
441	AlarmClock	POS	5	what a great little alarm clock . it be ashamed that it be not make any longer -- what a disappointment to many . we feel lucky we snag this little guy here at a decent price . so tiny but loud alarm . great for ultralight .
486	AlarmClock	POS	5	although this travel alarm may not be for everyone , it suit my need perfectly . it be display be large enough to read from a distance , it be easy to set and the alarm be loud enough to wake i . there be not anything i would change about it .
122	AlarmClock	POS	5	let 's just start out this review say that i be a geek . that be say , i love this clock . i mean , its darth vader , and he tell time ! what it be not to love ! it seem well make , but out of plastic , all the arm and leg move , and you can rearrange darth to how you like . to see the time clearly , you have to push on darth vader head , and the screen light up red . if you do not push on he head , the time can be a bit hard to see . but besides that , i lovelovelove my darth vader clock . beware , other nerdy friend may try to steal you darth vader clock . you have be warn .
419	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be the perfect travel clock . i simply drop in the dop kit & forget it , and it be there when i need it for my next trip . it have every feature i need - indiglo ; big number ; easy to set ; fold upon itself ; and a loud-enough alarm . i be replace a timex version that i have for oh-so-many year , but leave behind in a hotel room . one bonus this clock have that my timex do not be that you can read the time with it fold up - great idea , mr. elgin .
790	AlarmClock	POS	4	the elgin travel alarm clock have several feature that i like . it be battery operate , which be convenient not only when travel but in case the electricity go out at home and you need a functional clock . it have a protective cover so the clock face will not get scratch during travel - say cover double as a stand for the clock . the clock not only show the time -lrb- you have a choice of a twelve hour or twenty-four hour format -rrb- , but the date -lrb- date and month , not include year or day of the week -rrb- . the number be easy to read , even for someone as nearsighted as i be . there be also a backlight that activate for approximately five seconds and then automatically shut off . there be also a alarm feature ; a snooze button -lrb- this shut off the alarm for five minute and then it automatically sound again -rrb- ; and a nap timer which you can set in fifteen minute increment for up to four hour of nap time . all of the alarm feature be loud , but not annoyingly so . unlike other reviewer , my clock have keep perfect time and have not gain any minute after over a month of usage . while i really like the elgin travel alarm clock and use it all the time -lrb- even when not travel -rrb- , there be a couple of thing that i do not like about it . the button to unlock the mechanism to set the alarm , time , and calendar be all on one side and it be a bit tricky to use they . the snooze alarm and backlight be activate by the same button - you press the left side to activate the snooze alarm and the right side to activate the light - and on several occasion i have wake up in the middle of the night and go to activate the light to see what time it be only to inadvertently activate the snooze alarm instead . on those occasion i have have to turn on a light to figure out how to deactivate the snooze alarm -lrb- which be not all that easy to do . -rrb- also , you have to be very careful to make sure the door to the battery compartment be on tight . i accidentally knock the clock to the floor one night , dislodge the door , and the clock start make a grate beep noise until i figure out how to latch the door properly - not a fun thing at 3:00 in the morning ! all in all , i really like and get a lot of use out of the elgin travel alarm clock .
253	AlarmClock	POS	5	in try to purchase another , i have be disappoint to find the timex solar alarm out of stock at amazon . thankfully , it be still available elsewhere , but the thought that this clock might be discontinue motivate i to write a review because it be a great clock ! i know there be people complain that it do not connect very well when you try to have it set itself automatically . but i do not buy it for that purpose and it be easy enough to set manually that it be hard for i to understand why that should be a big deal . especially since it depend on where you live whether it can connect and its not really timex 's fault that i live in new england -lrb- pretty darn far from colorado ! -rrb- the snooze only do five minute increment so that be something to be aware of . sometimes when i want to keep push snooze for a while -lrb- but can not turn off the alarm or i would oversleep -rrb- i reach for the alarm and set it beside i on the bed -lrb- since it be cordless and very light -rrb- so that i can `` snooze it '' on the first beep . i also agree with another reviewer that all the little beep when set or check the alarm setting be unnecessary and mildly annoying . but i be more than willing to accept they because after read hundred of review for other clock -lrb- upon see this one be out of stock -rrb- i become even more convinced than i be already that there be not another alarm clock out there that compare to this one ! on to what i love about this clock . it do not glow some bright color all night and keep my husband and i awake . when i need to see the time in the dark , it have a button that cover the top -lrb- you can not miss it even when fumble around because you be half asleep -rrb- that i can press and it illuminate the time in a perfect non-sleep-disturbing amber . this be very important to i since my sleep get mess up easily . -lrb- the body 's light sensor that regulate circadian rhythm be very sensitive to blue , green or white light , but red or amber have barely any effect , which be exactly what you want at night . in the morning those other color be good since they promote wakefulness , but i do not expect or want a alarm clock to perform for i the work of a lamp or light box -rrb- i also like that this clock show the date , day of the week and room temperature at the bottom of the display in addition to the larger display of the time . sometimes when i be think about what to set we hall thermostat to at night it be helpful to see what the temperature currently be in we bedroom first . another thing i appreciate be how this silver color clock look on my bedside table . it really look attractive ; compare to all the black alarm you see or the one that glow odd color , it stand out for its elegance . it have no cord to get in the way or battery to change . with past clock that glow , i would end up turn the clock face against the wall , but here there be no need so it be always position well . it be a perfect size ; it be petite , but not too small .
446	AlarmClock	POS	4	we clock sit on the shelf in the living room by the tv . its a small dark cube as wide as a iphone and half as tall . innocuous enough to be wife approve . when anyone want to know the time its a hand clap away . easily visible with the sun streaming through the skylight but still subdue enough in evening lighting . i do not use the alarm function in we application but it would chirp i out of a sound sleep . have be run on a pair of aaa battery since i receive it and i would expect they to last a year or so .
61	AlarmClock	POS	5	works fine for i . no problem so far . now i can sleep at ease know i wont be late for work since i have a different clock in time each day of the week .
1	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this for my husband 's birthday . he have trouble sleep at time . he love the sound and be snore in a matter moment .
684	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock live up to expectation . it have a slightly retro look , which be perfect for we inadvertently out of date kitchen . its color really be somewhat luminous . we love it ! -lrb- yes it be plug-in , which be a plus for we but might be a minus for anyone with irregular electrical current . -rrb-
626	AlarmClock	POS	5	i want to be able to see this clock from across a large room . this one work great . i can read the time from 20 ft. . bright , clear number . it be also pretty neat in that somehow it know what time it be . i just plug in the clock and without any adjusting , the time be accurate . even work with the change in daylight savings time .
154	AlarmClock	POS	5	we love we neverlate - in fact , we have two in the house ! the radio sound really good in comparison to most alarm clock , and obviously be able to set a different alarm time for each day of the week be pretty cool . this clock be a great idea , and work very well .
882	AlarmClock	POS	4	for the rest be have a good alarm . \/ por lo que resta tiene una buena alarma .
7	AlarmClock	POS	4	the clock be quite functional , the only issue be that the light be too bright in the dark , make the number blur .
30	AlarmClock	POS	5	we love this clock . i buy it for my 8 year old daughter who can sleep through anything . anything , that be , except this clock . you can hear the alarm all over the house . i be glad i finally find something that will wake she up .
663	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have one on each side of we bed and we coordinate the sound . usually , it be north woods , which sound great with we southern suburb when we crack the window . sometimes we use thunderstorm and rain . i give one to my son this year for he birthday and this most recent purchase from amazon -lrb- a amazing price -rrb- be for the guest room . so , if one of we can not sleep or have to get up and sleep in the guest room we can still be comfort with we sound machine . the only draw back be the bright light . i simply turn the clock face down . problem solve . we use the beeper for a alarm and that work great because we leave the north woods sound on all night . i even use it if i take a nap in the afternoon turn on the north woods - zap ! i be out . pavlov training i guess . you can check out all 20 sound at sharper image . 10-16-11 update : one of the best feature be the battery backup . believe i when i tell you that when the power go out , this be the one clock in the house that still tell time and at which time i appreciate the bright back light as it almost light up the room . we still use the north woods -lrb- cricket sound and night sound -rrb- and with we window open at night the north woods sound combine with we southern suburbs sound and its like surround sound . wonderful . we have be on a couple of trip and i have just unplugged my radio and plug in on my side of bed in motel and we get to sleep easily . the time never skip a beat . 6-18-12 update : i have add brookstone tranquil moments sound therapy system with the sound of rain , which be far superior to sharper image , along with sharper image north woods . ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! sound to sleep by . incredible . purchase at another site for $ 57 and free shipping . brookstone be also very bright ; i cover it with two dark purple wash clothes behind a plant .
463	AlarmClock	POS	4	this elgin clock seem to be well make and i be very satisfied with it be performance . it be advertise as take one c battery for operation , but in fact it take three aa battery . i can not attest to battery life as i have only own it a short while . i do like the quiet operation .
465	AlarmClock	POS	5	do i receive a update version since the previous comment . . hmm . i must have . first of all , i love this product and here 's why : -lrb- i be listen to rainforest as i write this , and i be in heaven -rrb- there be a volume range you can adjust for the sound from from 1 - 8 range . i only need to set mine at 2 for a audible , yet gentle and clear sound in my bedroom . this machine can be use in a small room to a large , spacious room with the range capability . you can adjust the backlight brightness on the display to 3 setting : hus , med , or lo there be also a daylight savings time button on the back that can be activate . the 20 different sound to choose from be generous compare to other nature sound product . the sound be clear with combined layer of soft background to up front stronger sound - very accurate and realistic you can set a timer for sound if you choose and the sound will automatically stop at the end of the time . two separate alarm setting -lrb- can choose a sound or a beep alarm -rrb- the price be very , very affordable ! product be lightweight and sturdy , compact to fit gracefully on a small bedstand , sleek and well balanced . to parent with newborn : there be a heartbeat sound ! what more can i say ... sharper image produce another quality product . i previously have a expensive wooden chime alarm clock , and when the chime begin to sound like a low clunk after two year , it become almost worthless , except for the digital clock image , so live and learn ! i be jubliant and satisfied that i find a even better product with so many feature and sound option ...
690	AlarmClock	POS	5	i read the review about this product before buy and almost do not buy it . the illumination be definately not to bright . the highest setting be bright for those who want it that way but the lowest be sufficiently low . the range of sound be great . i have a cpap and now that be not the sound i have to hear try to get to sleep . long story short , i do not usually write review but this machine be excellent .
961	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have a 7 year old son who want this alarm clock for christmas . i be able to find one here on amazon while all local store have sell out . my son be so excited and have use it every school morning to wake himself up . he say he be give i a few extra minute to get ready in the morning . a good product to teach responsibility !!
713	AlarmClock	POS	4	this clock have some cool feature . the bell be somewhat loud , but the flash light usually wake i up first . and i love it be look , with a couple of exception . as a designer , i be bother by the transparency of the left side of the clock , especially when my bedside table lamp be illuminate . also , the light for the clock face have a orange-colored hot spot by the ' 3 ' . i be not sure why that be , and if it be all of they or just mine . maybe i be be too picky ... i try to imagine that the original clock have these same defect , and try to love the clock anyway .
943	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be exactly the alarm clock i be look for . i have a bad alarm clock before this one so i be very glad i get this . pro : nice overall size . well organize display of date\/time\/etc . lcd -lrb- indiglo -rrb- light only when you press a button so no bright led glare from the alarm clock and the indiglo light be not a overly bright or glaring light . good alarm volume . -lrb- i be a light sleeper and do not like\/need a real loud alarm -rrb- . easy access to snooze\/light control . atomic clock sync automatically set date\/time . battery operate so no worry about power outage reset you clock\/alarm setting . con : if you be a sound sleeper -lrb- not a problem for i -rrb- the alarm sound might not be loud enough for you . time zone do not set correctly on start up . with that say , the instruction for manually set the clock be easy to follow and i have the time zone set correctly in a matter of seconds .
562	AlarmClock	POS	4	i think this be a fantastic alarm clock . although it could have be the gental alarm could be a tad louder . the number be large enough to see . otherwise there be nothing wrong with it .  i like the tradtional alarm clock styal . i be more impressed with the quality of this clock better then it be t112 counter part . i would love to see more of these make then the other one witch i could do without .  i like havee three option of bell & not two . this electronic be pretty to look at also .
164	AlarmClock	POS	5	very good , in my opinion , because : 1 -rrb- it use battery , so i do not have to worry about the charge cord come off or sudden disruption of electricity 2 -rrb- provide 24-hour system , celsius degree temperature thermometer , date and day setting . at first i be confuse with the button , but after a while i be happy . 3 -rrb- it be not that easy to switch the alarm off . you need to be awake and press through at least two button to turn it off . so no worry of accidentally turn it off . 4 -rrb- the light !!! i love they ! they be pretty and very handy when you need to walk around in you dark bedroom , and since switch the room light on hurt you eye , this be just nice . 5 -rrb- annoying alarm tune . they be so out of tune that you will be scare wide-awake .
808	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this sun alarm 3 year ago and it have make a huge difference in how i feel after wake up in the morning . alarm clock use to make i feel edgy and tense but wake up to a slow simulated dawn be really peaceful . i have the backup radio alarm set to go off if the light do not wake i but so far i have only need that maybe a handful of time in 3 year . you do have to make sure the alarm be eye-level next to the bed for it to work really well though . the only gripe i really have be that there be a way to dim the display light but it be somewhat complicated and everytime the power go off -lrb- which be a lot in florida -rrb- , i have to look it up again . but other than that , this be a decent product that accomplish the goal of wake up peacefully . :0 -rrb-
557	AlarmClock	POS	5	i put these little travel alarm any where i need a reliable time keeper and have limit space available . they fit on the toothbrush holder , window sill , just about any place . and the price be right .
839	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be high quality and very easy to set . people complain about it be too bright but i buy it for my boyfriend who like he room pitch black , and he say it do not bother he at all . it be silent and attractive and i be very pleased .
883	AlarmClock	POS	4	be landlocked in tn , i miss the ocean . the `` surf be up '' offer a nice sound of wave come in & out ! the clock display be easy 2 read . only thing it need be a separate volume for the alarm & the sound u go 2 sleep with !
940	AlarmClock	POS	4	it arrive and work as promise . the only negative be that the light do not light up enough to see the time at night when you push the button .
978	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have have this alarm clock for several year . i love it . after read several other review , i have to agree that it be smaller and less bright than you might expect\/want . it will not light up a whole room . but i have find that if i keep it on a nightstand close to my face , it work perfectly .
127	AlarmClock	POS	5	initially i be hesitant to purchase this clock , becuase the review be so negative . but i go out on a limb and buy it anyway . the clock be exactly what i want . i be a college student and the escalate alarm work perfectly so it be quiet enough to wake i up -lrb- i be a light sleeper -rrb- but not to loud to wake my roommate up . i absolutely love that it be analog , i much prefer it to digital . and i know some people where say it be smaller than they expect and i can say that be true , but it be still a lovely and function clock , not super large or anything . the only thing for i be that the picture of the clock be only different in one way really , the font . the font on the clock in the picture be different from the font on the actual clock -lrb- the number be write in a more normal text -rrb- . someone also say it be very wobbly , but that be not true it be very stable for i . i mean as long as you be not slam you entire arm on the thing to turn the alarm off , you should be fine . and it be a very soft tick clock , so its perfect for a light sleeper such as myself . actually the light ticking be kind of soothing ...
739	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be probably the best atomic projection clock if all you want be a time display function . i have several of of this model . it have a bright-enough projection display , can do 24-hour format -lrb- unlike oregon scientific model -rrb- , relatively easy to setup -lrb- for a atomic clock -rrb- , and the most affordable . as be with most digital clock , set up the alarm be a hassle and i do not use it . negative # 1 : the power-supply be only for the projection and all setting be lose when battery be change . the trick be to replace one battery at a time and quickly to retain the setting . negative # 2 : when place behind you , say on a bed headboard , the display can not be rotate enough for proper orientation while sleep . there be a plastic tab inside the projector that can be force break to override it .
828	AlarmClock	POS	5	item replace the clock that my father have since the 50 's . terrific item '
459	AlarmClock	POS	4	the clock be nice . i give it four star becuase it be smaller than we think and be overprice . i like that the beep be not too loud and it be easy to program . look really cool in my son 's lego room .
337	AlarmClock	POS	5	i receive the soleil sunrise sun alarm clock a few year ago as a gift . live in northern latitudes i find it hard to get up in the morning , and , when finally coax out of bed from a buzz alarm clock , find myself quite groggy and still sleepy . this alarm clock change all of that ! the function be fairly simple to operate and navigate , and the include instruction be quite clear . the normal ` sunrise ' can be follow with a flash light function , and i have find that whether or not i wake to the initial sunrise , the flash light always wake i up . the only drawback -lrb- which i do not merit to be annoying enough to give it 4 instead of 5 star -rrb- be that the display be quite bright , especially in a completely dark room . the display do have two different brightness level , so you can dim it a bit , however its still fairly bright . i find that simply stick a dark color post-it or two in front of the display dim it sufficiently to enable i to sleep .
131	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a really unique product , it be extremely loud , and it vibrate the bed , so it really do what it say . however it do not wake my 13-year-old up , i wish they make something that would spray water on she ... maybe that would work .
832	AlarmClock	POS	5	if you want retro design and quality , this be the alarm clock for you . i love it . . the soft moonbeam glow wake you up if you be a light sleeper . . and the alarm be nice and loud for those who sleep soundly . the retro-style and soft pink color be very endearing , and especially love the blush of pink on the face of the clock . easy and simple to set the alarm too . a adorable clock for any room , really . i have one for my living room since it match my retro decor and one for my bedside .
191	AlarmClock	POS	5	great product , i order two clock , one darth vader one for my everyday use , and i think i would also get this stormtrooper one so darth vader would not be lonely haha .
225	AlarmClock	POS	4	the ratchet knob on the top set the time a minute per click , so it really take a lot of work to set a time 12 hour , but it do the job . the radio be not really that great but i can get local station ok . i take the clock apart and wire it to activate a fire buzzer when the alarm go off . the only part i need be a reed relay , some wire and a switch . now i can really wake up with a serious alarm . -lrb- any day of the week -rrb-
843	AlarmClock	POS	5	my ten year old daughter use to sleep through she very loud alarm - i could hear it go off from the basement ! she receive she sonic boom for christmas and have not oversleep yet ! works great .
324	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be the perfect size clock for travel . it be small and easily fit in you cosmetic bag . it have a alarm that be not obtrusive . i like a analog clock much better than a digital - much easier to set !!
89	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be my favorite alarm clock i have ever have . it be a very high quality product . it have a easily readable display , adjustable light , and two alarm . however , some may be disappoint that it be just a alarm clock , nothing else . it do not have the date , temperature or secondary time or radio -lrb- the other one do -rrb- . also , i must say that the alarm be very very loud and get louder and louder until you turn the alarm off or hit the snooze . i ultimately wake up with headache after hit the snooze several time . some people may like the loudness . so although this be my favorite alarm clock , i have decide to use something else . definitely recommend .
224	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy one of these year ago in rome when my expensive , multi-time zone , many feature digital fail miserably after only week . it work perfectly while the hotel operator that be suppose to give a slightly earlier wake-up call sleep . it work perfectly on trip thereafter and be a vital companion to make sure flight be make in time . simple , run on a single easily find aa cell for a long time and easily see at night with its glowing dial and hand . a perfect example of kiss ! after year of use i break it in rio with a pre-dawn flight to catch by force in a rechargeable battery that may have be a bit out of shape in darkness . fortunately the operator in the airport hotel be on he toe though i sleep less soundly know my reliable little wake-up companion be ruin . i be very unhappy , not expect to find a exact replacement after the year . there be a big grin when i find amazon have the exact thing and it sit ready to go among my travel gear . the old one reside in a little corner of a drawer with small `` memory '' of good thing . i get some of the first digital , multi-time zone , calculator watch when they come out in japan so i know digital . i often like digital . this be the clock i depend upon to wake i for must make flight . the only thing that knock off a star for mechanic and construction be the fact replace a battery in less than ideal condition do break the original .
766	AlarmClock	POS	4	my son absolutley love he new alarm clock and love to pose it . it be a nice size and fit well beside the bed . i would agree with other though that it would be nice to have light up number so you can see it easily at night . and for whatever reason i be hope the alarm would be something a little unique like a darth vader voice tell you to wake up . oh well ... if you have any star wars fan in the family they would really like this . the delivery be quick also
421	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this for my daughter go off to college . she have never be able to wake up to a `` normal '' alarm clock . she be a extremely heavy sleeper but the shaker and incredibly loud alarm always wake she up . i do not think she be ever late to class . she even have friend order they once they hear hers . she take it overseas with she , plug it in and `` fry '' it due to the different wattage . i immediately purchase another one when she return to the us . one of the best `` off to college '' purchase we make !
69	AlarmClock	POS	5	in case you worry that the bed shaker will not work , it do really shake\/buzz the whole -lrb- twin -rrb- bed in short annoying burst . you can choose vibrate only , vibe & alarm buzzer , buzzer only . the alarm buzzer volume & tone can be adjust a lot -lrb- all be quite annoying & guarantee to get anyone out of bed , esp if you heavy sleeper be awaken first by the bed shaker -rrb- . my daughter will not wake up with a regular alarm no matter how loud . usually i have to go in & harass the poor child , then keep go back to wake she up again ... & again . i work ; i do not have time for that ! this get she awake . the heart shape & color be very cute , & my 11 year old like the rainbow color time display . so far , she do not hate it yet . ; - -rrb- now i be look for one for boy !
550	AlarmClock	POS	4	great clock : good look , easy to set , easy read . one disappointment : it work from power line , not battery - battery be only to preserve setting while power be off . after think a bit it be understandable why it be so : display be big and therefore energy consuming .
860	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have be very happy with this clock . it have large number on it and light up like most indiglo product -- only when you hit the button . the alarm get more insistant the longer it go off to encourage you to get up . it be just what i be look for , plus i love the color . the only complaint i have about it be the alarm button be very hard for i to find to turn off , so i have to hit the snooze and then pick the clock up to slide the button to off . a minor annoyance , but the reason i give it 4 instead of 5 star . i have own this clock for 2 month now and it be still tickin ' for i .
374	AlarmClock	POS	5	my old 1.8 inch lcd alarm would not work any more . i research a lot of clock , and find this 2.5 lcd . amazon ship it in 3 day for free . my first night , i wake up 5-6 time just to see the time ! i could barely read the 1.8 inch , no problem with the 2.5 . it be bright , but for i , that a good thing . if i be not here , my wife can flip it down . perfect !
216	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock should be own by every college-bound student . just think of how many class i would not have sleep through if i have this clock back then ! as other have say , the ability to set a alarm for different times\/days throughout the week be what make this alarm clock stand-out . we have use we clock for over a year with no problem . address some concern from other review , i be a very light-sensitive sleeper and have never notice the brightness of the lcd to be a issue . the radio tuner sound on par with other clock radio that i have own so this have not be a issue with i either . the clock be design differently then most standard alarm clock , so it do take read the direction once through to learn about all of the feature and how to set the time , etc. . but , once you learn how to use the control dial , it be really a simple , straight-forward design that be easy to use . i have buy and give several of these as gift to friend who be head to graduate school .
642	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this clock for one of my hard-to-wake-up family member , and just receive it . after put in battery and test it , this be my analysis : pro : compact size , attractive design , good size digital number , hi and low alarm setting -lrb- high be very loud -rrb- , snooze feature , use aa battery . con : a bit hard to set - not intuitive - must hold down the time or alarm button while set time or alarm time , no constant light on the digital number time although dial be light when the snooze button be push . i personally prefer set time and alarm on the dial clock , much easier . i also like have a constant back-light on the time so i can see it in the dark . -lrb- color be silver , not blue as in picture . -rrb- all thing consider , this be a very nice clock . good clock these day be hard to come by . i like this one overall , and be seriously think of get a few more for other family member who need a good `` nudge '' to get up in the morning .
234	AlarmClock	POS	5	i really can not say how this be because i buy it as a gift for my grand-daughter for christmas ... . she love legos and star wars ... so if it be she writting -lrb- she be 8 yr . old -rrb- i guess she would say she love it ...
714	AlarmClock	POS	5	the westclox 1950 moon beam big ben provide the gentle awakening by flash its light yet the bell which follow be classic . it lack the harsh electronic buzz of past bedside invader in we household . another lovely aspect of this clock lie in the back-up battery which allow it to not lose a moment . i be sure that be not part of the original 1950 's design but be welcome now . we clock be a vanilla color which go with just about any decor . try this gentle journey . you child and grandchild will also enjoy this lovely alternative to be blow out of bed by raucous buzz or music .
60	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this clock in january 2010 from justcalculators for $ 13.99 with free shipping -lrb- no super saver shipping minimum either -rrb- . i would recommend this seller , who ship promptly . for some reason another seller think that this clock should sell for $ 45.99 . please . this be just you very basic alarm clock . i buy it because my old casio one , extremely similar but make in japan , be 40 -lrb- yes , you read right -rrb- year old , and start work erratically . this clock , make in china , look very plastic in person , but not too unattractive . because of other review , i want to see how it would work for at least a month before review . so far , it have keep flawless time . also , i have not experience the problem other have of the alarm not go off at the exact time . however , i tend to set it for a hourly\/half hour time , like 6 or 6:30 a.m. versus something like 6:20 , which might make a difference . the only thing that i do not like about it be that it be not too easy to read the clock in the dark . the hand light up , but the number do not . my old one have a button you could press that would light up the entire dial . that feature be lack on this clock . in the meantime , after i buy this clock , my old casio alarm clock start work regularly again . figure . i do not own much that be older than that first casio clock . let 's hope this second one be so durable . this review will be promptly update in the event that any problem arise with the new clock .
212	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love this clock with it be so easily read numeral . it can be see so clearly in the dark , and from quite a distance . i buy it to replace another like it -lrb- different brand -rrb- which quit work after many year . i know when that one stop i have to have another as quickly as it could be deliver . if you have trouble see , and even if you do not , this be the clock for you if you want to see the time from a distance . thank you amazon for get it here so quickly even with the free shipping .
156	AlarmClock	POS	4	i receive this gift for christmas in 2011 and it have be a lot of fun have around the house . for someone who be a big dr. who fan i would definitely recommend buy this alarm clock , if for nothing more then to be able to `` exterminate ! '' anyone nearby . i do not use this as anything more then the less practical enjoyment factor as i use a more traditional and trust clock that can reliably get i to work on time . overall the clock have good detail and have a nice handy light that can work in a dark\/semi-dark room . i like the sound that it make however it be limit to only three distinct and repeat noise , the favorite as always be `` exterminate ! '' . if you do need to use this for a practical application then be warn that it will require some patience to learn how to program and maintain the different setting . the clock be make of rather flimsy material and be very light for its size . as i have not have any issue with the sound or use the clock frequently i can not comment on the longevity of the dalek . suggest if you have a traditional alarm clock or use you cell phone like a lot of people do , then keep both . if you be look for a fun toy or nice night side adornment then look no further .
42	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have have and use this alarm for six year and be about to buy another one . i do not know what other reviewer be refer to when they say the light be not bright enough : it be not intend to be a reading lamp . i buy it because i be sometimes sleep through my alarm clock . the light be definitely bright enough to wake i up , and if i choose , i can be awaken by the radio and the light . i love this alarm . my only complaint be that mine develop a short a few month ago , and when i want to play the radio , it suddenly either go really soft or blare quite loudly . but overall , it be be great . highly recommend .
158	AlarmClock	POS	5	so far everything be as describe in the product description . will come back and write more if anything turn out negative .
903	AlarmClock	POS	4	small to carry and easy to use -lrb- once i figure out how to open the control panel -rrb- . unfortunately , the alarm be very loud and sudden , do not gradually work up to maximum , so it be rather jarring to wake up to , but it do the job .
470	AlarmClock	POS	4	this product definitely have a few shortcoming , yet it be the best i find in its class -lrb- small , non-expensive , battery-operated -rrb- . the many complain i read about the self-setting appear base-less -- yes , the clock take its time set itself , around a hour , but it do it correctly . the alarm be just right , in my opinion , and the fact that you can adjust the duration of a snooze be a very useful -lrb- and evidently rare -rrb- feature . there be two major drawback -- the fact that the control button be in the back and the fact that you can only change hour and minute forward -lrb- a older model by lacrosse have up and down button for hour and minute , which be wicked convenient -rrb- . overall , the best little alarm i find after a long search .
303	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have this for a couple of week and be very pleased with it . it be all that i need and the time be accurate with the time announce on the tv . it be a good reminder as to what day it be . when i check it out in the a.m. it seem to stick with i . i highly recommend it .
981	AlarmClock	POS	4	overall it be a quality sound machine with 20 different sound ! everyone should enjoy several different soothing sound . i be partial to rain , surfside , thunderstorm , and several other . there be a draw back , that be some of the sound loop be too short and keep i awake untl i find one i really like . another good feature be that the sound be continuous , which help i fall asleep ! it be also a dual alarm machine .
194	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have a similar clock that i buy in tokyo several year ago . the original be a seiko that still work but the alarm on\/off switch become loose and can easily turn off r on just by move the clock in the night . i choose this clock because it be very similar . it work as advertise . the alarm be loud enough to wake the heaviest sleeper without be too annoying . if i have to complain , it would be about the size of the display which be smaller than i have hope . however , it be easily read from the bedside .
526	AlarmClock	POS	4	i just buy this and it work like a charm ... it be the best for thoose people who need to wake with a quiet alarm so you wont wake other ... this be the best !!
48	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have this alarm clock for over two year and it have never let i down the variable snooze length be awesome i set it for 5 minute and if i want to snooze 20 minute i hit it 4 time if i need another 5 hit it again when it go off for another 5 . nap feature be awesome if you want to set a quick timer . never have to turn the alarm off or forget to turn it off on the weekend just set the alarm for mon-fri and let it run ... the sound quality of the radio surpass what i would expect from a clock radio even though i seldom listen to it . a great all around alarm clock with lot of feature . there be a few feature that be add to the executive that i think would be nice to have but this do everything that i need and more . would definitely buy again and again ...
566	AlarmClock	POS	5	buy this for my daughter and she love it ! add plus , she actually get up when the alarm go off . i be go to have to buy one for my desk at work . what fun !
925	AlarmClock	POS	5	i want to set a timer for certain event . this do exactly what i want very well , at a very fair price . after read the review , i have expect it to gain or lose minute each day , which would be ok with i , but have have it for a month or so and it keep the correct time . pleasant design , work fine , i be pleased .
645	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have a sleep disorder and this be the first alarm i have ever have that i always wake to ! it vibrate -lrb- you put the white disc under you mattress and it shake enough to rattle you tooth just a little -rrb- and have a very loud alarm . you can choose one or both . the alarm have a volume control and a pitch control , so if you tend to adjust to you alarm over time and stop hear it you can make it a lower or higher note to fix that . of course some people can reset a alarm in they sleep - but this one have the snooze button tuck inside the `` v '' on top of the heart shape and it be harder to just slap it in a daze to put it off . and the silly pink plastic heart with rainbow color led make my bedside table a lot more amusing . amazon 's price be the best by far when i purchase .
56	AlarmClock	POS	5	large display clock . unobtrusive , no noise , simple , reliable . what be not to like ? i think i might not like the flash colon sign ... but it be no problem at all . very happy with this purchase .
292	AlarmClock	POS	5	not many word can describe the simplicity yet uniqueness that this clock radio offer . the feature be great . nothing more need to be say about this awesome time piece .
27	AlarmClock	POS	5	nice little clock for the money . works well and easy to read in the dark . have hadno problem with this clock
532	AlarmClock	POS	4	this clock have several nice feature include a variable back-lighting feature . the brightness of the back-light be control by a dial located on the rear of the clock . one drawback be the alarm on\/off switch . it be not easy to locate early in the morning . the switch be recess into the right side of the clock and be a slide type , not a toggle switch . the product write-up say it use a ` c ' battery however the one i receive from amazon use two ` aa ' battery -lrb- also not include -rrb- . it may be a little too large to serve as a convenient travel alarm clock .
448	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this clock for my son as a pre-kindergarten present . he love it . the only downside i have find be that the clock make a annoying `` beep '' when you press the head to illuminate the clock at night . otherwise , great product .
756	AlarmClock	POS	4	the night light be not good enough in the dark , send it back . my previous one of this model with the same dim light work for year . if it have a night light that i could read in the dark it would be great . if you have to put on reading glass to read it , and maybe a lamp , it be not good enough . if you never check the time in the middle of the night so do not need to turn on a lamp , then this be a great travel clock .
343	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be the best , best alarm clock ever . no one can wake i up but this can . the vibration feel very alarming so i wake up although sometimes it do take a while to wake i up because i be that extra tired . the light that come on be alarming as well because it be red and blink . get these ! you will not regret it .
793	AlarmClock	POS	5	light weight , easy to set and read and well make . glad that i purchase it .
117	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm cock be the perfect size and be great for smeone that have to get up a different time every morning . also it be great because it be so easy to figure out how to set it . i would reccommend it to everyone . i plan on buy more of they when i have to replace my other alarm clock .
125	AlarmClock	POS	5	after use this clock for two year i have to finally replace it . i love this clock it be simple and stylish , and look absolutely great next to my bedside lamp . yes it may be a little flimsy - however not so much so that it interfere with its functioning . unless you be literally pound or step on it - it should hold up to everyday wear and tear . besides for the price it be a good buy .
100	AlarmClock	POS	5	when shopping for a alarm clock it be important to understand the difference between a alarm clock and a clock radio . the neverlate be a alarm clock - the main function of this device be to tell the time and wake you up . it be not intend to be you primary radio , so please do not purchase this clock if you want a great radio with a digital tuner . but , if you want a good radio that do it be primary job very well , then i highly recommend this alarm clock . i really like be able to set a different alarm time for each day of the week . also , the radio sound good , and the clock be easy to read . i do not find the clock display too bright at all -lrb- as one reviewer do -rrb- , and i like the cool industrial design . two additional feature that might interest some people : -lrb- 1 -rrb- there be a nap feature that allow you to quickly set the clock for a short time when you take a nap , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- there be a sleep feature that turn off the radio after a set amount of time . this be a great clock that do its job very well .
26	AlarmClock	POS	5	even clever people be not up for a i.q. test when the alarm go off in the morning . it be remarkable how poorly most alarm clock satisfy the requirement of be a alarm clock . this one be a notable exception . \* the adjustable back glow of the face can be make arbitrarily dim , so you can set the face to be just readable but not intrusive . \* the alarm set adjustment be readable and accurate to within a couple of minute . \* the alarm turn off with a big knurled switch on the side - the only switch on the clock . \* the alarm ramp from soft to loud over about a minute . why can not all alarm clock be as good ?
778	AlarmClock	POS	5	over the last year i have purchase three of these for we home . it be a nice size clock and display screen . the only flaw be that the time on all three clock be not the same . one clock be 6 minute behind the rest . this be easily fix by hold down the dst button for 5 seconds and manually change it . i believe chaney have discontinue this clock as it be no longer list on they website .
742	AlarmClock	POS	4	this little clock only measure 2 '' x 2 '' but it be simplicity make up for the tiny size . the off\/off button be simple to operate -lrb- up for `` on , '' and down for `` off '' -rrb- , the time and alarm be easy to set , and the clock make no noticeable tick sound . the alarm be reasonably loud . i would have like something larger and a bit more robust -lrb- i fumble in the morning -rrb- and be amaze at how difficult it be to find a simple battery operate alarm clock that do nothing but keep the time and wake you up .
179	AlarmClock	POS	5	i use to dread wake up in the morning the terrifying noise of my cellphone , now i have a 30 minute buffer . when i wake up to the light i can get right up , or lie in bed until the audio alarm sound . the nap and sunset function be also very useful . to be sure , this thing be not perfectly design -lrb- i put low tack duct tape over the green led display and the radio be cheap -rrb- but it be pro far outweigh any of this . personally , this be more than enough light to wake i up -lrb- usually within 10 minute of a 30 min cycle -rrb- ... but maybe you be one of those people that can sleep through anything .
545	AlarmClock	POS	4	purchase the clock a few month ago , and after play with it for 30 min . figure out how to set the clock from 12 hr to 24 hr , alarm clock time , turn the alarm on\/off , and change the temperature from centigrade to farenheight and vice versa . also , the sd option under the setting that lool like : -- sd be where you adjust the display to stay on all the time vs. clap it on . ignore review that say it be not possible to constantly keep the screen display on . if they have take the time to figure it out instead of give bad review , they would have save themselves some grief . the cube clock measure approx . 3in x 3in x 3in . it be small , however after watch the price for a few day , i purchase it for $ 5 with a shipping cost of $ 3 or so . so , if you want it for a cheaper price be patient . if you want it then and now for cheap , that be you problem . the only downside i see with this product be more likely a manufacturer defect and user error . i buy some cheap alkaline battery for it -- since it be cheaper to buy it without the dc 6v charger -- and after a few day of use , the display be random and no longer display the time . take the battery out and reinsert they , a few hour later it do the same thing . i replace the battery with some non-alkalie , higher quality duracell after a few day without use . this seem to work for a day , however it have the same display issue the next day and be leak battery acid . the instruction it come with be chinglish at best so i throw they out a while ago . however , the device be likely not compatable with alkaline battery , so i 'll take that as fault on my behalf . give this clock 4 star , for good design , it do function , price , and ease of use . it lose one star to the lack of readability of the instruction and the fact that i have to throw it out . however , i be already plan on buy the larger wooden led clock as a replacement . needless to say i would buy it again .
980	AlarmClock	POS	5	put i to sleep like a baby listen to the ocean . i wake up to the everglade . easy to use , so many sound to choose from . just what i want with a good price .
287	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy one of these for household use and like it enough to buy another one . -lrb- my strategy be to have several inexpensive alarm clock scatter throughout my apartment so that by the time i have find they all , i be awake . -rrb- the folding design allow the device to be pretty light without be easy to tip over . instead of buy yet another one , i be go to try out the  nap mate  the button on the travel-mate be make from harder plastic and be probably more durable . we shall see : -rrb-
717	AlarmClock	POS	5	my 17 year old daughter be invite to attend she last two year of high school away from home . she be incredibly smart and we just could not pass up the opportunity for she . the only problem be , be away from home and have nobody to make she get up , she be constantly oversleep ! we shop for all sort of alarm clock for she , always buy the one that be advertise as be the loudest . after she second detention for miss class and\/or be tardy i decide i have to find something that actually would wake she up . well , i find it . she have now have this alarm clock for a little over a month and have not oversleep once !! she say the first couple of day it scare she half to death , but this be not one of those alarm that just buzz and she never hear . she put the part that vibrate under she pillow because put it under the mattress be not a option with the way the dorm bed be construct . i highly recommend this product to anyone who have a child like mine who do not hear traditional alarm clock !! one less worry for i as a mother have a child live away from home .
79	AlarmClock	POS	5	simple and to the point alarm clock . after return a too complicated alarm clock `` gadget '' from oregon scientific , this clock be what i be look for . it work like a charm this morning -lrb- 3\/11\/07 -rrb- change to dst . get it , plug it in and forget it ! and for a unbeatable price to boot ! wish it have the weekday\/weekend alarm option , but still a great alarm clock .
355	AlarmClock	POS	5	nice clock ; easy to pack and wake we easily while travel with grandchild . purchase extra one to give each grand child that will be travel with we on special trip . make they feel important and something they can carry off to college or wherever they go .
905	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be easy to setup and once the tracker feature lock on to the satellite , it keep very accurate time . easy to see at night . the other nice feature be the battery that protect the clock from lose time during short period of power outage . good buy for a area the experience brief but frequent power outage .
112	AlarmClock	POS	5	clock be very easy to see , set itself , and arrive exactly as describe . perfect !
275	AlarmClock	POS	4	these be nice and funky . we buy one use from somebody who put athletic tape over the speaker -lrb- on the back -rrb- to muffle the bird noise -- a good idea , it be plenty loud enough on `` low '' and with the tape . if you be a deep sleeper , i be sure the unmuffled `` high '' setting will open you eye .
435	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this clock because of it be versatility - small enough to put on any table or pack it in a suitcase . the number be easy to see and the alarm sound be just right . best of all when there be a power outage i always know what the correct time be !
537	AlarmClock	POS	5	i live in a studio and do not have a table for my bed , so i be look for a small simple alarm clock that run on battery . so far this one have be great . it have a small profile and simple control , a large light\/snooze button that be easy to hit when you be still half asleep , and a three tone alarm beep that be not too loud but still wake you up . i have only have it for a week but it be still perfectly on time . there be only two thing i would change one it . first be that there be only one alarm you could set . it would be great if there be a second alarm so i could set one time for weekend and another for weekday , but change the time be easy so its not a dealbreaker . the other be the 4 minute snooze button . again , not a big deal but come from alarm with 7 minute snooze its go to take a while to get use to .
733	AlarmClock	POS	5	price have be fluctuate between $ 16 - $ 23 for the past day . yeah $ 7 may not be much , but why exploit\/annoy potential customer ?
648	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be the second clock i order . the first be a digital which be hard to read . so i start look again and find this elgin analog clock . my husband and i both love this clock because it be easy to read and the face of the clock lite up in the dark .
457	AlarmClock	POS	5	we live in a large condominium in so . ca . and the lay back atmoshpere of the daytime can soon become a beehive of activity at night . i like to sleep with we window open to enjoy we cool ocean breeze at night . needless to say , along with the cool breeze come the cool pool party and patio gala . my husband buy i this sound soother to help block out the late evening noise on the weekend . we love it and now sleep with it on every night . have work through most of the sound , they be very authentic and natural . one thing i would have like to have have would be a light control area on the top of the unit . turn the volume up and down , change the sound pattern , or even just set the alarm require turn on a light in the room to do . also have a time projection on the wall or ceiling would be terrific . every bedroom across america should have this machine ... baby too !
652	AlarmClock	POS	4	my son love he new clock ! it work great and the leg and arm be movable . the only thing i wish it have be a back light that stay on at all time .
21	AlarmClock	POS	4	the soleil sunrise alarm clock do what be advertise it help wake you up easier and more alert that a standard alarm clock . the radio do work , but only on strong station . i also quickly remove the translucent housing over the bulb , do that allow the lamp do its job . the clock work best in pitch black where the lamp will light up the whole room . be the alarm worth it , if you need to wake up early in the morning , and then yes . could it be better , yes a clear lamp housing , and a better radio would be great addition .
749	AlarmClock	POS	4	have be unable to rely on my cell phone to wake i up as of recently , i decide to try out a new alarm clock to help i get up in the morning . well , what can i say , this clock do just that , all while have a easy , user friendly interface . the alarm be loud and definitely awakening , probably be able to get up the deepest of sleeper up . furthermore , since the clock be self-setting , adjust be practically unnecessary . the fact that it as able to function perfectly , while be easy to use , make this a definitely good buy . still , some people do complain about the brightness of the screen , which be easily remedy by adjust its brightness . a day and night mode would of be nice , but still , its easy to navigate past this . this be a great , simple alarm clock that get the job do well ; a product that work just as it say . it do lack the bell & whistle that many clock due have , but it make up for this in pure functionality . a great buy for anybody need a new alarm clock to get up with .
548	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be exactly what my husband be want . nice big number that be very easy to read at night yet do not take up much room on the bedside table . i would recommend it to anyone . it also arrive much quicker then i have expect . great service .
163	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this clock for my parent and they love it . its feature be that it have a beeping alarm that gradually get louder , a adjustable green backlight , a blue light that illuminate when you push down on the snooze button , and a simple wind operation for the hour\/minute hand and the alarm . it take 3 aa battery . the only problem with ours be that after a few hour of work normally , the hour\/minute hand freeze up . we could still turn the knob to set the time , but then the hand would not turn automatically . we send it back for a new one , so hopefully that one will be fine .
85	AlarmClock	POS	5	the alarm clock be small enough and lightweight to carry throughout you trip , and be reliable for the day you need to wake up to catch a plane or bus ride . the clock fold to a compact size that prevent the user from accidentally click the button . when the clock be unfold , the case serve as a stand . the blue glow of the screen be easy on the eye , especially when you eye be accustom to the darkness . use 1 aaa battery , which i do not need to change in 7.5 month . the alarm be loud enough to wake i from sleep without scare i . only quirk about the clock be the snooze function , which allow i to sleep only a extra 4 minute before the alarm go off again .
77	AlarmClock	POS	5	previously , i review the sonic boom alarm clock -lrb- heart shape -rrb- and extension cord . when i have receive the package there be `` nothing '' in it ; however , since that time , i have talk with the company and they be very courteous and apologetic -- mistake do happen . i have be upset as i be concern i would not get it in time for my daughter 's birthday . the company assure i it would be send immediately , and i receive it in 3 day . i must compliment this company for they polite and quick response .
833	AlarmClock	POS	4	works fine except that it seem to drift toward run a bit fast over time . large display be easily visible from many foot away .
936	AlarmClock	POS	5	when the nagging wife and scream kid be not enough to get you out of bed in the morning , you 'll sleep comfortably know that you have the timex t104dl alarm clock . while not the loudest alarm clock i have ever hear , it do a adequate job of get this bump-on-a-log out of bed and to work on time . weigh in at only 1 lb. , the timex t104dl alarm clock be perfect -lrb- and durable enough -rrb- for throw across the room when you have not quite recover from last night 's bender . just make sure you have insert the two require aa battery -lrb- find at any local grocery store -rrb- before you toss . recommend for people who have a job that require you to show up on time .
485	AlarmClock	POS	4	clock be well make and work fine . digital number easy to read as well . amazon be the only place i could find this item . . great for travel since it fold up for easy packing
767	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a gift that i give to my father who have limit vision . the large red number work out great for he . i be pleased that this be useful to he .
591	AlarmClock	POS	5	buy this 1 month ago . i have a adult foster home with elderly lady . they eyesight be not so good now and this clock have be wonderful for they in the night to see the time . they like it so well that i be now go to buy 2 more for the living and family room even though i have clock on the wall . i would recommend this to anyone with decrease vision .
196	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this quiet , talented little clock for myself after search for the perfect alarm clock ... this be it . . and then my husband insist i get he one for travel ...
815	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have yet to find another alarm clock with the ability for separate alarm for all seven day . it blow my mind that only one exist because it seem like such a no-brainer feature to offer . not everyone work 9-5 each day and have a constant schedule . college student , the self employ -lrb- like myself -rrb- and many other would find this alarm to be the perfect choice . the clock have a programmable nap function that be independent from the seven alarm . want to sleep for 20 minute ? set the nap function for 20 and the alarm will go off at the end of the countdown . the clock will remember you 20 minute preference for the next time you want to take a nap . another great feature that i have never see on any other alarm clock be the programmable snooze button . not only can you determine the length of the snooze , but when you alarm go off the number of time you press the button will multiply the length of time before the alarm go off again . say you have snooze set for 10 minute . alarm go off , you do not want to get up and you know you can squeeze in 20 more minute , so you hit the button twice . instead of 10 minute the alarm will go off in 20 . despite these feature , the clock be extremely easy to configure . this be a surprise give that one would expect a 7 day alarm to be even more complicated than other clock . it be the exact opposite . i find it to be the most intuitive alarm clock i have ever use . whereas other alarm have slide bar and button , this clock be primarily control by two dial on the center top . it be amazing that no other company think of this . on the bad side , there be no way to control the lcd brightness and the analog control of the radio be too date for a clock of this price . the sound be average at best . on the positive side , the overall design take up little space and have a nice retro look . contrary to what other have argue , i do not find the lcd that bright at all at night . only a extremely sensitive sleeper be go to have a problem . i find this model to be one of the least bright i have ever see or use . as someone who be self employ , i can not recommend this alarm enough to anyone with a erratic schedule .
73	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this for my daughter because she love star war . she fall in love with it when she see it . it work well . anybody that be a fan of star wars should have one of these .
455	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be my daughter 's favorite clock . she take it everywhere but somehow forget to take it when she go off to school . so , i `` borrow '' it . it be at least 5 year old now and the projection display be go out . it have be wonderful for all these year tho . the battery be a great back up for when the power go out . the only thing i do not care for be that the projector display be upside down when you be lie in bed and there be no way that i can see to flip it .
904	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this for my uncle who be recover from colon cancer . he need a clock in he room and there be time when he do not have the energy to get up or feel like watch tv . like i , he love the sound of the ocean and there be time i walk by he room and hear he use the sound . he be happy , i be happy .
497	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have drop this thing on the floor , step on it , spill water all over it . i lose the back and the battery be hold in by mask tape and it still work . simple , but effective .
386	AlarmClock	POS	5	this alarm last for my entire trip -lrb- 1 week -rrb- , the alarm be loud enough , it have a flash blue light as well - which would be handy for someone hard of hearing . it be easy to use , the price be right and it arrive just in the nick of time . and , i like the way it be design - fold up to protect the button so in the crush of luggage it do not inadvertently activate the alarm and drain the battery .
896	AlarmClock	POS	5	i search the web for day and day until i could find this item . want a clock that would not talk to i , shine on the ceiling , or have `` bell and whistle ! '' just a good clock , with large , readable number for those of we get up in year , and need bigger digit ! the item arrive in a timely fashion , and my husband and i be very happy with this purchase .
193	AlarmClock	POS	4	the clock be small , sleek and make by a reputable company . the only disappointment be the backlighting to view the clock in the dark . it be so dim you can barely read the time . from all of the other review i read before purchase , everyone seem to have a favorable opinion of its funtion and long-lasting battery . i hope that be true as i have not use it yet .
138	AlarmClock	POS	5	exeptionally readable digit , easily see across the room even with poor eyesight . gigantic snooze button that can not be confuse with another button . two-position display brightness : very bright or moderately dim . the perfect alarm clock . warning : i be refer to equity 's previous model 30037 that have better control , include a dimmer switch ; it use a 9v backup battery . the current model 30037 have poorer control and no dimmer switch ; it use a 1.5 v backup battery .
784	AlarmClock	POS	5	we know we 18 year old like he star wars lego clock because he set the time and then comment `` i really like my storm trooper '' as he walk by he graduation display a few day after the party . : -rrb- backlight come on when head be press , but do not stay on , so battery should last a long time . surprisingly stable in stand position . extremity articulate in same fashion as a lego character .
308	AlarmClock	POS	5	my wife have cataract , but with the large letter she can see the time from all across the room , and so far it have keep time perfectly
64	AlarmClock	POS	4	great little clock , compact , easy to read , but not loud enough to wake i up ! probably fine for people with no hearing loss .
84	AlarmClock	POS	4	we have a sony dream machine with the atomic clock function . it have no battery backup and occasionally somehow `` lose '' the signal for the clock and end up with the incorrect time . this atomic clock radio do catch the signal and do have the battery backup function . it be not a $ 50 or $ 100 radio , but do the job well . the only drawback have be the small switch which turn the alarm on and off . for the price , i would buy it again .
841	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love that i do not have to set my alarm every night anymore . i be sure my husband agree as the alarm clock i have purchase to replace my alarm clock that die make irritating beep to indicate success at change any setting . i tend to keep thing for a long time -lrb- have the alarm clock that die for over 20 year -rrb- , so i be very happy to find something i be sure i can live with hopefully for another 20 . i do have to switch from wake to the radio to use the beep alarm because i be ignore the radio - but that be just a personal problem . so far , this be a great alarm .
850	AlarmClock	POS	5	i order this clock for a friend who like the retro look and hope that the light would wake he up . sometimes it do , sometimes it do not . he be thrill with the look of it and so happy to own one . i buy mine many year ago and it stop work . the local store have close , and i have discard the box . so , i put it away and think i might send it back to you company , but i do not . i move twice and recently decide i need a clock on the other side of my bed that i could see in the middle of the night . my bose clock radio number be too small now that i be 66 . turn over have become difficult with my breast cancer spread to the bone . so , i get out my moon beam , plug it in and it start work . i be so thrill and so be my son and he friend who have help i get it out and plug it in . i do truly enjoy it and it serve such a comforting purpose for i now . the light wake i up easily ! keep make these clock . !!! donna joy
383	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be definitely a must for any star wars fan . a blown-up version of the lego star wars mini-fig , with a bonus digital clock . very neat collectible or display piece . bought my first and when i receive it , love it so much , i come back and buy the vader version too .
186	AlarmClock	POS	5	the lego toy story buzz lightyear alarm clock be definitely worth the price . it be basically a giant version of he lego form in perfect detail . he hand , arm , and leg be able to be pose . the clock be a digital display that be on he chest . the best part be that you set the alarm by press the button on he spacesuit and he helmet be the snooze button . it even come with battery . i highly recommend this clock and also suggest purchase the woody clock as well .
553	AlarmClock	POS	4	i really like the idea of this clock , it be super cute ! and i love how you could move the leg and arm ! very unique ! the only con i find from this product be the alarm sound be not too loud , deep sleeper would not get waken by it . a cute suggestion would make the alarm louder , and maybe make the alarm the starwars theme song !
205	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this clock for my husband who can not read small number without he glass . my husband be finally satisfy with this one . just the perfect clock for he , well make and cheap . love the glow in the dark . thank you for a good product .
281	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be one of a few alarm clock that combine a lead display with a atomic clock . i like a atomic clock as it be always accurate and reset itself when switch between daylight savings time . the display be large and easy to read and , for i , not too bright . the shutoff for the alarm be on the top of the unit and be easy to reach . i like this clock so much that i buy one for my father .
70	AlarmClock	POS	4	this alarm clock not only wake my daughter , it wake everyone in the house ! too bad she be able to still go back to sleep ! ugh ! we will keep try !
934	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be great in europe . it alarm well and keep perfect time . it be small enough to easily pack but big enough to see the time . the light face be great when view at night . i will buy another as a gift ! . this be perfect for my bedside clock !
564	AlarmClock	POS	5	i order this in jan of this year ... yep for my self ! i love it ! it be my favorite color and i like that the number be different color ! go `` perfect '' in my room anything i can get in `` pink '' i have it !!
299	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a beautiful little clock , particularly if you like retro or vintage decor . the light dial be the best feature ! the light be a soft light that be not too bright . the alarm system work well . i buy the pink one , and we child want one in the other color . glad to be able to purchase this on amazon for such a great price !
800	AlarmClock	POS	4	bought dark wood clock : clock be make of plastic with a qualify wooden affect . it be a 6cm cube . image of the product on amazon be a little misleading about the size . nevertheless it be elegant small alarm clock . have bright red digit and a powerful alarm sound . it have a automatic standby mode . clap often work for this clock to turn on from even 5 m away . need two of aaa battery ; and in manual , it be say two battery last for about a month . -lrb- i havent test it yet -rrb-
702	AlarmClock	POS	5	this little guy be great , the alram go from low to high with out jump you out of bed ; can set it to see at night and the hand second make no noise . it help i relax know it will do its job so i can go to mine .
381	AlarmClock	POS	4	easy to read . easy to set . not for the heavy sleeper . the alarm do a gradual buildup in volume . even at it be loudest it be not very loud . it be plenty for i . my son be a heavy sleeper and the alarm on this clock would be worthless .
669	AlarmClock	POS	5	star wars and just learn to read time be a great combination for any child to love this storm trooper alarm clock . right now stormtroopers be my grandson 's favorite star wars character . so this be perfect . and it work too . great when mom say , clean up you room in five minute , you stormtrooper clock now say 12:05 at 12:10 , i will be back : -rrb-
728	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be excellent for a bare bone digital clock . when i first plug it in , the time be less than one second off atomic time . i have plug and unplug the clock many time the past 6 month and the time be now about 26 seconds faster than actual time . the time and calendar can be manually adjust -- read the manual . the daylight saving time can be disabled for portion of the u.s. which do not observe dst . the dst setting can be set to the new dst rule or old dst rule in the unlikely event congress decide to go back to the old rule . by default , the clock be set to the new dst rule . in case of power failure , the display will turn off , but the clock will still run and the alarm will sound if the alarm be activate . the clock use 4 lr44 battery as backup . the manual say the battery last 3 year before need replacement . when change the battery , leave the clock plug in . this way , you will not need to manually reset the time and calendar . the downside to this clock be the blinking colon '' : '' and the display be bright . there be no dimmer switch .
437	AlarmClock	POS	4	the display could be a little brighter and more prominent , but even so , it be fine . other than that , it be a all around great alarm clock . the sound be pretty good too .
873	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be travel to london for eight day with carry-on luggage only so be look for the smallest alarm clock i could find but with a alarm i could hear . this travel alarm clock more than fit the bill . very small , so easy to set the time and alarm , neatly design to stand up and be easy to read in the dark by the push of one button and unlike other travel alarm i have use not once do i sleep through this one . a great little clock at a great price . highly recommend .
344	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a fantastic product !! before the sonic boom alarm clock , my daughter would sleep right through she alarm go off . the vibration of the sonic boom alarm clock be very strong and now she be not late for school anymore .
917	AlarmClock	POS	4	the clock work fine , but the alarm be not loud enough for the elderly relative i purchase it for . if you need a clock for some one hard of hearing , search for the `` sonic boom '' brand , it be what we end up purchase to replace this .
241	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be not sure what to expect when i order the lego\/star wars alarm clock for my son . when i receive it , i be very pleased with it be feature . the alarm work well and when you press down on the top of the item , the time light up . it be easy to use . however , be aware that like the normal minnie legos , it do have to balance to stand or sit up . not a big deal to we but may be to you . my son love the large lego sit on he night table . he friend all want to know where he get it from .
142	AlarmClock	POS	5	buy this for my daughter to use as she own alarm - replace i as she wake up call . it be a soft & gentle way to start the day . now , if it only smell like bacon cooking ...
630	AlarmClock	POS	5	i give this to my grandmother , who be nearly blind . it be the only clock she can actually see . i also like that it set itself automatically when you plug it in , so she do not have to worry about change it for daylight savings time or anything like that . i be not sure about the alarm feature , since she do not use they , but as a clock for someone visually impair it work very well . i end up buy she a second one for another room .
468	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be so cool ! i love the nature sound to get i to sleep . this clock be not portable but it be for desk , nightstand , etc. . if you want to get a clock for home this be thee clock to get !
35	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love this clock . it be just the right size for my desk . it have a easy to read face and i like the second hand . i would highly recommend this clock . it be perfect for a desk or bed side table .
29	AlarmClock	POS	5	it be nice to wake up to wind chime on a morning . i have notice a few people here have complain about the lowest setting still be too bright ... and i agree . i have solve the problem by buy a roll of dark window tint cling ; it just stick -lrb- non permanently -rrb- right on the front of the clock like any window cling stick to glass . i have to buy a whole big roll and cut such a tiny piece off for the clock - but the roll will not go to waste as i have notice a couple of window in the house that would benefit from some dark window tint .
498	AlarmClock	POS	4	i love the ease withwhich i can set the time , set the alarm and view it in the dark , however , it do not stand on its trus leg configuration very easily . i be constantly knock it over and althought that in itself do not render the alarm inoperable , it do make it difficult to orient and turn off , in the wee hour of the morning upon wake to its nicely sound alarm . its quiet and i would buy it again but the leg thing be annoying .
226	AlarmClock	POS	4	i be hard of hearing and see this recommend as a travel alarm . it be easy to use and compact . alarm be loud enough . i have not use it enough yet to give it 5 star .
177	AlarmClock	POS	5	only have it run for a month so only time will tell if it be reliability be as good as it look . but it sure be a nice look clock .
474	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this clock to put it on my office desk and it look so awesome , definitely be a kids clock . just a normal display with a buzzer alarm , but if you want something cool for you bookshelf or you computer\/office desk and you like star wars it be a must have .
649	AlarmClock	POS	5	buy this clock for my wife she love it ... it be simple to use and look great . order it from amazon.com it ship fast and be in packed well ...
317	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be just what i be look for . the only problem i have be that i can not set the snooze alarm time myself . other than that , i love this clock .
707	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love that i can listen to different sound to fall asleep and that i can adjust the alarm volume . it look good as well .
734	AlarmClock	POS	5	you can not sleep through this alarm . seriously . the feature that sonic boom include be also really great -lrb- 24 hour option , alarm off button instead of a switch , easy to find snooze -rrb- ; and make this project well worth the purchase price .
378	AlarmClock	POS	5	my 9 year old love this clock that we hide in a treasure hunt for easter . he play with it , and it can take it . the arm and leg move , but it be sturdy . the alarm work well . we be happy with this purchase .
520	AlarmClock	POS	4	i just receive this clock . set up be very easy , just plug it in , set the time zone slide switch and it pick up the radio signal in less than 10 minute . the led readout be large and clear and have a dimmer switch ; much easier to see and read than the more common lcd display . controls be simple and self explanatory - no complex\/confusing manual need . i would have like if the button have be a little bit larger , but it be not a real problem . i like the fact that the alarm on-off switch and the set alarm button be separate control . you can check the alarm time or change it without wor about accidently turn the alarm off . i just receive it so i can not comment on long term durability , but so far i really like it and would recommend it to friend . however : if you be look for dual alarm or a lot of bell & whistle , then this be not for you . it be a very basic alarm clock . also , the beeper be not super loud so if you be a really deep sleeper who require a loud buzzer , then this might not be for you
696	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this for my fiance as he be a big fan of doctor who ; myself , i be a fan , but the sound of a dalek be the last thing i would want to wake up to . this last fact be what make this so great . this underground toys doctor who dalek projector alarm clock be so loud , i nearly have a heart attack the first time it go off in the morning . furthermore , it have no easily-found `` off '' button for the alarm feature ; press down on it only make it snooze . thankfully , i find that the demo button be the `` off '' button for the alarm , so i do not have to resort to pull the battery . the clock also project brightly on the ceiling when the dalek 's top be push down -- very handy . as a doctor who fan , i appreciate the detail of this toy and the high-quality sound effect . as a person who often want to sleep through the alarm in the morning and often succeed , the sheer volume of the alarm feature make this great . just make sure you be in good health because , as a fit person in she 20 , this dalek almost `` exterminate '' - d i . 5 star for the fantastic quality and the fact that after much use there have be no issue with sound or projection feature .
206	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love this ! the display be a little bright , but i sleep with a light on any way . so , it do not bother i at all . this have be the best purchase i have make in a while , especially on electronics !
430	AlarmClock	POS	5	come on , it be darth vadar , what be not to like ? you can pound he head to get the night light to come on and better see the time . basic function but all work well so far ! he be have it for a month . really cute and he can sit or stand . `` i be you alarm clock luke '' . i never know darth be make in china until now . that explain a lot !
471	AlarmClock	POS	5	outstanding selection of sound . volume level be perfect . the back light option be a plus . the benefit of the clock reset due to power outage be wonderful . clock also reset itself at time change . a + + + + +
771	AlarmClock	POS	5	excellent travel clock - compact , easy to use and set up , no overwhelming bell and whistle to deal with . loud alarm to get you up without give you a morning heart attack . indiglo be useful and turn off quickly so as not to disturb sleep . i love it so much , i buy another one and use it as a daily alarm clock . highly recommend .
91	AlarmClock	POS	5	i really like this dual alarm and sound soother . i can set my wake-up time to one time and my husband can set the second alarm to he own wake up time - very cool . i be not sure of the reason other reviewer think set this clock and the sound be difficult ~ i find it easy to navigate . i also like the feature of be able to listen to one sound and have a different sound set for each alarm setting . please note : the volume you have it set at while it be power on will be the volume set for you wake up -lrb- second note : you have complete freedom to choose what sound each alarm be set regardless of which sound be be listen to at the time the sound soother be click off which be great -rrb- . there be 8 volume setting which be really nice ; i be not sure as to the reason other reviewer say there be only 3 volume setting . love the 20 variety of sound , and i also do not notice any repetition in the recording ; i have big-time ocd and would notice that , so again , i be not sure the reason other reviewer would have notice as this little clock\/sound soother be wonderful . my favorite sound be oceanside and wind chime . good buy . would recommend to friends\/family , and would also purchase as a gift .
37	AlarmClock	POS	5	love this machine so many different sound you can choose to listen too . my old machine only have 5 different sound so this be quite the upgrade . drown out almost all sound . highly recommend this product .
505	AlarmClock	POS	5	tire of reset my old clock after power failure , just want something i could forget about . this do the trick so far , it automatically synce up after a few night i only have to set the time zone . not loud alarm , but hey its solar power . think bout buy more .
361	AlarmClock	POS	4	this clock have a antique look that will go with any decor in you home . the only problem i have with this clock be that you have to hit the button on top for the back light to come on so you can see the time . kind of a pain when you have no idea what time it be since you have to find the button on the top in the dark to see what it read . by then you have wake up from the frustration of it all since you have to play hide and seek with the button . okay ... so maybe it be just i . the alarm be good and get louder the longer you let it ring . it will wake you up unless you can sleep through just about anything .
785	AlarmClock	POS	4	love the sound variety . some be a little wacko , however . who want to listen to the sound of the city when tryingto fall asleep ?
3	AlarmClock	POS	5	order it for my wife to use at home and when travel . it be perfect for who want a travel alarm that be easy and convenient to use .
721	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love this thing . i keep it set on hourly chirping . i spend half the year in seattle with only crow and seagull . this clock remind i so much of home in the carolinas with the chirping of various bird and it be fun to guess . i put it on the deck with the raptor card hope to scare away unwanted critter . . that have only frightened the cat , however .
388	AlarmClock	POS	5	i want a simple , inexpensive digital alarm clock and this one be perfect . it be easy to set up , easy to use , big number be easy to read . travels great . i actually keep it on my desk when not travel to track another time zone for work . i be totally satisfy .
604	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be purchase for my six year old son 's birthday . it be a huge hit ! seem very sturdy and he love the red light that light the clock in the dark when you press on darth vader 's head . : -rrb-
861	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be originally receive -lrb- several year ago -rrb- in unacceptable condition . the seller be notify by email , and before they would even receive it back , a new one be deliver to i . this be what customer service be suppose to be ; namely , a. sincere and thoughtful apology follow by first rate corrective action . the clock , in the intervene four year , have work properly . it be quiet . it keep time accurately . it be a faithful reproduction of the period seek . it be easy to see in the dark ... and easy to read from a distance . a great product ... back by outstanding customer service agent . i fully intend to execute repeat business within the year ... which hopefully indicate my highest degree of satisfaction .
779	AlarmClock	POS	5	if all you want or need be a easy-to-set , easy-to-use , featherweight travel alarm that do not keep you awake with its loud ticking , this be you clock ! i love the illuminating button , which allow i to check the time quickly and then fade out , so i do not lie there stare at the digital time report in the darkness . the alarm be loud enough to rouse i , but otherwise this clock , unlike its predecessor , be silent , thank goodness . at this price , it just do not get any better .
261	AlarmClock	POS	4	great retro vibe . well construct . very quiet tick run electrically . love the 5-minute light alarm . the only drawback be that for we purpose the alarm be extremely loud for a bedside clock . we can not use it for fear of a morning heart atttack and have move it to the guest room . it would be nice to have a adjustment switch .
209	AlarmClock	POS	5	take this for a month long trip to europe . best item to have . tour leave early in the morning and this alarm clock wake i up every time . the snooze only last about 4 min . and it be nice a compact for easy storage while travel from location to location .
349	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase the timex solar atomic clock with the last few month and it be work fine and be easy to set up not like some i have have in the pass . it be accurate , easy to read and right on . r.l. bush
55	AlarmClock	POS	5	you can see this clock from 3 room away . love it . i buy it to sit by my husband big flat screen tv . it be great -- whenever you be watch tv , the time be always right there and you can see it clearly from the other side of the house . it be great !
621	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a very neat product from lego since i be a fan of the star war series . i especially like ease of set up set up , very user friendly . the number on the clock be large and bold which make tell the time easy . however , the clock only use a standard alarm tone , i be hope for something star war theme . overall it be a great product for star war and lego fan alike .
398	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this for my husband for we anniversary . he have a old alarm clock that be hard to set . this one be great . simple to use , to set , to play , everything be marked very clearly . i get up half a hour earlier than he do , so it be fantastic to have a dual alarm . we wake up to a cd . it also sound great ! we can listen to we cd 's without have a extra cd player take up room . i have have no problem with it at all !!
968	AlarmClock	POS	4	visually , this dalek alarm clock look very much like a real dalek . the sound effect be excellant , and make i giggle every time ! my only real complaint be that the time display be so small it be virtually useless , unless you happen to be within 6 '' of the thing - which be well within lethal range of a dalek -lrb- even one that be 7 '' tall -rrb- ! the projection clock work well , but would be more useful if it stay on continuously . this product would be better if it have the option of plug-in power , which would allow for a continuous wall\/ceiling display by the projector . the battery only nature of it give it a toy-like feel , rather than that of a real , usefully functional alarm clock . of course , the point of the thing be really just to look cool and get some grin - which it most defintely do . i can not seem to walk by it without push the button to hear it say `` exterminate !!! '' chuckle every time .
757	AlarmClock	POS	4	nice travel alarm clock . it be a plastic case , not super small , but small enough , simple to use . do not always wake up my super-sound sleeping daughter , since it automatically shut off after a minute -lrb- or 30 seconds ? -rrb- . it have two alarm level , the alarm be a higher frequency that hard of hear people may not hear , but would generally wake up anyone that want to get up . i also use it as a back up alarm for when i have to catch a flight , and i do not have to worry about not hear it , even when i put it 10 foot away from my bed ...
763	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love this clock . . it be very lightweight and , even more important , very easy to use . no fancy stuff to deal with .
227	AlarmClock	POS	4	the clock work as advertise and as the comment of other state . came quickly and set up easily . direction be not great but can be use .
192	AlarmClock	POS	4	i get this alarm clock a few day ago and i have to say i really like it . the visual detail be great . the design be just like the new daleks from the new doctor 's series . you have the right larger base , the more prominent band around the arm , and the yellow for the eye stalk as well . the base be dot with the orb , even the clock be there ! durability wise it be a bit on the light side and feel a bit flimsy , especially the arm which almost feel like they be mean to come off and might any second . as a alarm clock it work great . the button be conceal in the orb on the base and it project the time on the cealing when you press down on the dalek . there be three alarm sound plus the classic shout of `` exterminate '' if after 50 year of life with the doctor that doesnot get you move , nothing will . luckily to turn off the alarm you have to press the demo button on the side give you a chance to dodge the death ray so you can start you new day alive and well . my only real complaint be this morning when my alarm go off . i hear this whooshing noise outside then the doctor burst in and take the dalek away shout about how it be a danger to the entire universe . doctor if you be read this please give it back , i promise to walk it and feed it and not to let it exterminate the cat .
0	AlarmClock	POS	5	the westclox travelmate be multi-useful . use when travel , at work , or at home . the ideal `` backup '' when weather-related problem develop . keep one in you car -lrb- and boat , etc -rrb- . if you be downsize or just want thing small but effective , this be the clock for you . easy to use button , clear dial and amazing battery life . my original one be over 10 year old and never have battery replace . it be actually kinda weird ... in a good way . these will be some stock stuffer this year .
935	AlarmClock	POS	5	i get this for my bf that love star war , he love it ! and it be ship here super fast !
789	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love this little alarm clock ! it be small , cordless and sleek . the `` up '' button for set the time do not work , but the `` down '' button do so it do not bother i - otherwise , it work perfectly .
246	AlarmClock	POS	5	this fantastic little machine provide 20 different relaxing sound that help you fall asleep quickly . you can feel like you be lie on a beach , under a gentle rainfall , a quiet summer night of cricket chirp , and many more ! it have a large digital display clock and 2 alarm and a volume control for the sound . it be small and attractive and my new bestest little buddy !!!
516	AlarmClock	POS	4	i love the idea of this clock - love it ! and as far as performance go , it be fantastic . the only complaint i have , and it be a big one , be that access the menu be a bit complicated . there be some nice feature on the clock itself that you have to really work hard to access . once you get it setup , though , it be marvelous !
891	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be buy for my dad and he just love this clock . if he ever need another one this be the only one he would ever buy . he have one in the past but they be unable to fix it so he have i search for another one . he like the idea that you can set it to wake to the light or sound . this be he 3rd clock over the last 20 plus year . so they do last .
942	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a great portable travel clock - exactly what i want . this clock be compact and easy to throw in my pocketbook . it be easy to read the time , very simple to set the time\/alarm and be inexpensive . i be look for a small travel clock without any fancy feature and i find it - i would definitely buy it again .
106	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a great product ! the display be huge ... we can read it easily clear across the room without wear glass . the alarm time be very easy to set . i would personally like for the alarm to be a bit louder ... but i think my wife like it the way it be because most of the time it do not wake she if it turn the alarm off soon enough . so far the `` always set '' feature seem to work fine for i -lrb- i notice some other reviewer have a problem -rrb- .
405	AlarmClock	POS	5	the soundscape on this alarm clock be amazing . there be something for everyone and whichever sound you choose help you get the most restful sleep . i definitely recommend this alarm clock to anyone .
40	AlarmClock	POS	5	many portable alarm clock have light dial that fill the room with blue , green or red light all night , which have be show to interfere with normal sleep . this alarm clock have a dial with a soft adjustable backlight that can be set to a very low level . moreover , if you need a stronger backlight momentarily , you can get a much brighter purple one simply by press the button on top . additionally , i much prefer the analog face to a digital one , since it be easier to read late at night . highly recommend .
365	AlarmClock	POS	4	i get this for my 10 year old and he be please with it . so that say something . the first thing you should know it that this clock be small . about the size of a softball . i be expect bigger , and be a little disappointed in that . second , the ` nature sound ' be very fake . one be a coo-coo clock and one that be suppose to be water sound like a toilet flushing . for a 10 year old it be fine , for a adult look for nature sound , this be not what you be look for . the clock itself be a little more complicate to set than some , but not impossible . it do light up and change color when you push the button . i would say for a kid 's first alarm clock this one be good , novel , fun . for anyone else , this be not what you be look for .
157	AlarmClock	POS	5	large display allow i see the time without my glass . easy to read from across the room . 2 brightness setting . easy to set . works perfectly .
801	AlarmClock	POS	5	i couldnt handle the jolt of wake up to sudden noise , it could turn the potential for a good morning bad . this method in waking be so peaceful , i like to set it to a 45 minute sunrise and then doze in a out of consciousness as it reach full brightness . have only have it for a few day so can not comment on its durability . at least it will not break from i throw it against wall in anger to shut the thing up .
983	AlarmClock	POS	5	got this clock for my grandmother who can not really see the time of we regular clock anymore . she love it . it be pretty well make , all the part be put together nicely consider the price , easy to adjust time , and my grandmother love it . it do what it suppose to do . i be happy because my grandmother love it , that she can see the time again without have to walk across the living room or kitchen to look at the time closely .
484	AlarmClock	POS	4	the backlight be a little bright , but other than that , this be a good look alarm clock , and the sound be awesome . i highly recommend buy it for the price . have the 2 alarm that be easy to see and set be a bonus .
581	AlarmClock	POS	4	the dalek will wake you up ever time ... if you need the snooze option , you may not have a pulse ... the alarm be so effective , my wife shout `` i unlike daleks !!! '' one morning because she could not get back to sleep ...
667	AlarmClock	POS	5	nice size . sit on the narrow nightstand in we rv . close for easy storage \/ packing . hit the snooze button to light up the time display during the night .
9	AlarmClock	POS	5	very nice replica of vader but would have be better if it include he cape . when compare to the stormtrooper , the lack of contrast on the vader face be a minus factor . unable to capture vader face if you be to take a picture of it , unlike the stormtrooper .
423	AlarmClock	POS	4	other review be correct as to the instruction leave something to be desire . i spend 45 minute try to figure out how to set the alarm . in the end , just keep try and you will stumble across the correct combo of button to press and when . i enjoy be awaken by chime vs my old alarm clock with a nasty loud buzzer that would make you jump five foot in the air when it go off . other reviewer where correct in say the alarm sound i.e. chime , rainfall etc. be even to loud in the lowest setting . i be go to experiment slightly cover the speaker with duct tape till i get it to the lower volume i want . this clock be not perfect , but the next best -lcb- for chime -rcb- be twice as expensive as this one . otherwise there be no other clock that come close to this one and trust i , i spend countless hour search the internet for just the right clock . this be as close as you be go to get with a clock that offer many different sound to wake to , have two separate alarm . one for you & one for you wife . the clock have a nice look to it . to those who complain about the sound quality etc. . you get what you pay for , go spend hundred of dollar and get a ipod with a separate sound system .
507	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be take a upcoming exam and need a clock that help i on time control . when i receive it , it be much bigger than i think , but it be not necessary a bad thing . it be easier for i to spot it wherever i put it on the desk . what i like this clock the best be that it be silent . you do not hear the second hand movement like most other quartz clock do . i also like other feature of this clock , like it glow in the dark , and progress alarm sound , etc. . plus the price be very affordable .
998	AlarmClock	POS	5	got 2 of these for my nephew for christmas . they love they . as of today there have be problem with they . great product that sure make 2 5 year old boy happy .
787	AlarmClock	POS	5	this item be great ! i only wish we would have discover this sooner . we have the old traditional alarm clock and it be annoying sound . i would recommend this to anyone that want to wake up to soothing sound .
249	AlarmClock	POS	5	just as another reviewer have state - it run three minute fast , and resetting do nothing to correct that problem . we , just like they , mentally subtract the three minute from the display . since get the clock , w have have we household power go out several time during storm , and when the power return - wow it keep its own time during the outage - really great ! what be more - it can be see easily from anywhere in the darkened bedroom - and even more - the display be not too bright in the dead of the night . another annoyance , though , be the flash colon between the hour and minute display . we have put black mask tape over they , which do a good job of hide they when look straight onto the display - however they be still visible from a angle . wish we could turn it off .
605	AlarmClock	POS	5	elgin travel alarm clock be so good that i have buy three -lrb- 3 -rrb- of they . what i like about the elgin : 1 . -rrb- first and foremost : easy to use . 1 . a -rrb- easy to set alarm ; 1 . b -rrb- east to see display ; 1 . c -rrb- easy to turn off alarm -- or snooze . 1 . d -rrb- big , bright display ; 1 . e -rrb- use ordinary aa battery -lrb- i use the 8x battery , probably overkill . -rrb- 1 . f -rrb- cheap . 1 . g -rrb- cheap enough that i have one in master b\/r , one in guest b\/r and one permanently pack in my travel kit . other clock : 1 . -rrb- other clock show i time , temperature , time zone , etc. . 2 . -rrb- other clock make i work too hard to set alarm , time . 3 . -rrb- i have no need for multiple alarm and \/ or other ` enhance ' feature . 4 . -rrb- i have other -lrb- alarm -rrb- clock that be radio control , have many more feature , etc. . too hard to use . i revert to the clock in this review .
781	AlarmClock	POS	5	the pink moonbeam clock be give to my best friend for she birthday . it be the perfect gift as she want a simple alarm clock that be easy to operate and see . she love the pink color !
623	AlarmClock	POS	4	easy to read display . easy to program in dark , after learn button . only reason for give 4 star instead of 5 , would like to wake up with different sound than use to go to sleep . also the volume adjustment could be less dramatic between setting . overall , pleased with product , very functional .
183	AlarmClock	POS	4	give this to my husband for he birthday . he love it and would use it for he actual alarm clock but the time be not back light at night continuously and it run on battery , no outlet connection .
618	AlarmClock	POS	5	i be so happy to find this item online . i be not able to find it at any store and it be the one that my nephew want . he love it and it make the search worthwhile !
944	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have use this clock for a few year now , and i love it . my only disappointment be that the light\/radio stay on for only 15 minute -- so no procrastinate about get up . no , it be not like have the actual sun light up the bedroom -lrb- like , duh -rrb- , but its light gently brighten until the radio start -lrb- mine be set for a 30-minute gradual `` sunrise . '' then it shut off automatically in 15-20 minute . i have already recommend this clock to several people , and it be recommend to i several year ago .
153	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have use a background noise machine for all 3 of my child to help they nap through other noise in the house . this be the best one so far and i highly recommend it . i use it at a fairly low volume with either the white noise or babble brook sound setting and it work like a charm . you can set 2 seperate alarm and the illuminate clockface have adjustable brightness level .
320	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have have this alarm clock for more than 15 year . frankly , i can not recall when i buy it but it be two move and one other state ago . the light be finally wear out . it be too dim to see the number at night . i have have to replace the battery a couple of time over the many year . it work great . the alarm be not too loud or soft . it have a snooze feature . it fold up for travel or sit on a nightstand . currently , i have it velcroe to the bedroom wall by the bed with those command velcro strip . -lrb- pardon my use of brand name which might not be accurate . -rrb- i would recommend this alarm clock . it be ridiculously reliable .
517	AlarmClock	POS	4	we buy this for we 9 year old daughter as she first alarm clock . she love the vibrate feature -lrb- so far anyway - have not actually use it to wake up over the holiday yet - just keep set it to feel the vibration ! -rrb- . the rainbow number be really cool too ! i really would have give 5 star , but i do not like the sound of the alarm ... you can adjust tone and volume on it , but to i sound a bit like a smoke alarm or something -- just not thrill with the sound . in addition , the color on the picture do not represent the actual product in my opinion . i think it be go to be hot pink and it be not -- not sure how to describe this particular pink . otherwise , we be very happy with the product !!
670	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock have everything i want and need for a desk clock . do not care about the alarm feature but it be include . have a eight year battery so check with i in 7 1\/2 year about durability . love the clock , recommend it .
451	AlarmClock	POS	4	i get this clock for my 13 year old brother for christmas . he be a huge star war fan and he love it . i really like the size of the item , it be not too small like i be halfway expect it to be ; it also be not too big . i think the price be a little high for what it actually be , but overall , i be happy with the purchase .
218	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this clock for my 95 old year mother . she like it be ease of use and it be durability . also , it be a attractive clock . my mom be very happy with it .
867	AlarmClock	POS	4	i purchase this clock because i do not need a clock radio . i like the large display and it do not make you jump out of bed when it go off . the only down side be that it come preset with the time . it be one minute off the real time , that be , the time on my cable box and my satelite watch . it annoy i a bit because the time can not be adjust . but it work great and be a good price . so i guess i will put up with it .
38	AlarmClock	POS	5	easy to set , durable , travel well . exactly what i need . seem like it will last for year .
791	AlarmClock	POS	5	i could not imagine wake up to anything else . sooooo pleasant , and i be not a morning person !
394	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be great for my daughter ! she be late for work 4 time in a month because she be not wake up to she alarm any more . . i get she this clock and she say that with the vibration there be no way she could sleep through this alarm !
283	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this clock for my elderly father . he love the large number . the clock set itself if there be a power outage and also automatically update during daylight savings time change . the clock can be see from across the room with ease .
483	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this as a present for my husband , but the display do not work . he choose to call the sharper image rather than amazon for instruction . he be tell to bring the clock to any `` bed , bath and beyond , '' and they would exchange it , no question ask . the new unit work well , and the sound be unique and fun .
270	AlarmClock	POS	4	this little clock be great : it be very easy to use because it do not have any excess setting . all of the button and setting you can see in the photo . it fold nicely into the base for easy travel . however , to see the time at night -lrb- light turn on by press the snooze button on the bottom right -rrb- , little lightbulb next to the number come on . it be not lead . and so , it mean one must bring the clock closer to the face to see properly -lrb- especially when wake up -rrb- .
802	AlarmClock	POS	4	i really enjoy this product ; however it seem to wear out after a while . it would be important to keep in mind that this be a water resistant product and not water proof . i think that be where i go wrong . i think some water accidentally get in and scramble thing up , but this be my fault and not really a fault with the product . i highly suggest have a shower radio , it be great tool for relaxing and can make you shower oh so much better .
593	AlarmClock	POS	4	i do by the adapter to plug it in a a few extra bird card . i really enjoy wake up to the sound of bird every morning . it bring a little sunshine to cold wisconsin winter . over all it be a good product and i be glad i buy it .
796	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a cool-looking clock that work great as a alarm . the main reason we buy it be because the digital face of we previous alarm clock be too bright . you can adjust the brightness of the face of this clock or not have it light at all . the `` moonbeam '' wake-up component do not work for we as far as wake we up , but the alarm that follow be pleasant and loud enough to work . but not too loud or obnoxious . this clock look great in we bedroom - very retro and classy . we want the green one for we guest room .
251	AlarmClock	POS	5	i really like this little clock ! it fold up flat , go anywhere , easy to use and emit a distinct beep sound for the alarm which be loud enough to wake you yet not totally obnoxious . love it !
863	AlarmClock	POS	4	i have be use this for over a year , and it be go with i everywhere this past year -- california , illinois , brazil ... it be small enough so that it do not take up so much space , which be heavenly since i be still in the dorm . i definitely recommend this travel alarm clock for everyone ! only thing to note -- you have to constantly turn the alarm on and off , so make sure you remember to turn the alarm back on every morning ... otherwise it will not wake you up the next morning !
584	AlarmClock	POS	5	have have this for 2 year now and it work extremely well . i do not need a fancy alarm , just something that tell i the time and beep when i need to get up . it be small , simple to use , and durable .
560	AlarmClock	POS	5	i agree that the light be too dim to be of any practical use . why do they even bother ? but i find that hotel have clock next to the bed that i can check if necessary . i just do not trust the hotel clock alarm and they be usually way too complex to set . so i have be use these for year with total confidence . they be reliable , simple , easy to pack , indestructable -lrb- suitcase have be store in blaze hot and freezing cold attic -rrb- and easy to set . since i figure the battery be go to go one of these day -lrb- they be yearssss old -rrb- , and it be easier to buy new than find replacement battery -lrb- much less find a screwdriver small enough to open the back -rrb- ... time to order a few more .
358	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this small bedside clock for a gift . the person i purchase this for loved it !!! it have good quality look . i remove it from the tacky clear plastic package . it arrive early .
894	AlarmClock	POS	4	we have have two of these product for the past three year . they perform well , do the job , and for 10 buck , i think they be a good deal . i have read the other review , but we experience with the 40001 alarm have be good -- i have carry this with i on travel , and never miss a appointment . there be detailed instruction at the -lrb- ... -rrb- website -- with good battery and the instruction these clock do the job well .
269	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this clock last year for exactly that , no tick sound , no light dial , and numeral instead of digital display , very old fashion . i have the same old reliable analog clock since i be a teenager and it finally die last christmas , so i be look for something similar . i be a light sleeper and it suit my purpose just fine for the price .
413	AlarmClock	POS	5	i 'll leave it to the exist review to describe the nice design ; what i do want to add be that this alarm have serve i well for nearly 3 year now with no problem . it keep good time and do not need frequent battery replacement , and change the alarm time , etc be relatively painless for a digital clock -- the button be easy to use . snooze be big and convenient . i have drop it a couple time and it be survive fine .
141	AlarmClock	POS	4	the price be right on this clock . the size be perfect , especially when fold for packing and take with . it sit at a good angle when it be open , and the backlight be sufficient . the alarm tone be sufficient to wake you up be , of course , by personal opinion . it work for i , but it might not work for you if you be a heavy sleeper . i would also knock the battery choice ... coin type versus a aa or aaa . i worry how quickly that coin battery will die since i be a habitual `` 3 time snoozer . '' i order a card of 10 battery , so i would have plenty on hand just in case .
971	AlarmClock	POS	4	when not light , the clock readout be a little difficult to read . you can adjust the angle of the base to make it easier , so that be a plus . the alarm be loud - i be a pretty sound sleeper and this little clock get i up . i like that it fold up , fit easily in luggage or carry-on .
252	AlarmClock	POS	5	so simple , yet such a great idea ! finally someone have really think about how people use alarm clock . i love be able to program it and not worry about forget to change it the night before . it be great for odd-time class in grad school and now i use it to get up early twice a week for yoga . good for weekend too . i do not have to remember to shut it off so i can sleep in on saturdays . and i do not have to remember to turn it on again for monday . it also look a lot cooler than most of the other clock out there .
237	AlarmClock	POS	4	product arrive in a timely fashion . the `` inside box '' - a.k.a the manufacturer box be a lil bang up , corner of the box be crumple . product still work fine though .
568	AlarmClock	POS	5	man this alarm be great . never think i would find a alarm that would do the job , cant get any better than this ...
725	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a simple-to-use travel clock . far easier to set or reset time and wake-up than other clock cost much more . my previous identical clock last over 12 year .
768	AlarmClock	POS	5	i purchase this travel alarm for my daughter , who be head off to thailand for a year . it be small , it be easy to use , and it come within the time frame need to leave with she on she flight overseas . the price be perfect ! everything we have see in the store be in the $ 20 range , and she be thrill to pay less than half that for this little wonder .
559	AlarmClock	POS	5	this little clock be great . it glow at night and you can set the amount of glow . easy to read and set . great value for the money . would order again .
161	AlarmClock	POS	5	really great item that my neighbor tell i about as she have one that she have be use for over 10 year . my husband and i have trouble go to sleep and ruby -lrb- we neighbor -rrb- tell i about she sound machine so i have to look it up . i find it on amazon better and cheaper than anyone else have and mine have more feature than ruby 's so she have decide that she be go to get one like ours . you can not go wrong with this machine as it have 20 sound , 2 alarm and a clock but it be not a big item so it do not take up too much room on you night table
902	AlarmClock	POS	5	this have a large display and be therefore easy to see even with the unaided eye . i do not need the clock as a alarm so i can not rate that function . also , i do not know if the dst feature work since no dst date have pass yet . but if you want a easy to use and easy to see clock , this be it . i just order two more . a peek at the instruction tell how to set the time manually if you so wish , and also how to change the battery . instruction be wonderful thing . since there be two dimension for the clock on amazon web page just let i clarify : dimension be 3 1\/4 `` h x 7 1\/8 `` w x 2 3\/4 `` d. so a pretty small footprint . this be not to be confuse with a `` atomic clock '' . there be no radio signal and the clock operate on house current with battery backup and reset itself after a power interruption . update 3 month later i do buy two more clock for a total of three . all keep accurate time and change day light savings time correctly .
412	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have a very difficult time get up in the morning and this clock have work out very well for i . first of all , it be so cute . the number change color and i can see they very clearly if i wake up at night . it be easy to set up . the alarm can get set very loud which be good for i . but the best part be the vibration feature which i place at the top of the bed under my shoulder area . when the alarm go off , it vibrate , again remind i to get up . i really love it .
704	AlarmClock	POS	4	this be a great little clock for the price - love that it show time-zone , day , date & time -lrb- in 12 or 24 hr format -rrb- , temperature , daylight savings , and have a light button for nighttime . also have a solar panel for back-up battery power - the main feature i choose this clock for ! after hurricane irene , i realize how important it be to have battery or solar power appliance . my only two complaint be that the alarm be not very loud and would not wake a deep sleeper , and my unit do not seem to sync up with the atomic clock in denver , co - the product instruction indicate that it will do so in a matter of minute and set the time , day , date , time zone , etc. . i have to manually set all these feature .
326	AlarmClock	POS	5	my husband be a huge sw fan who receive this for he birthday . he be thrilled ! great look toy , with the bonus of be a clock\/mp3 player\/etc . good stuff !
694	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love the clock . i read the review that say the alarm be too soft to be hear when you be asleep but i do not use it as a alarm clock so that do not bother i . i can see it from across the room and it be not too bright to be distract .
851	AlarmClock	POS	4	they have change this clock since the review by dr that be currently list as most helpful . the small change be that it now use 3 aa battery instead of one c cell . the big , and good , change be that the clock now have a dimmer switch to adjust the brightness of the automatic dial light . you can adjust it from very dim to brighter than a night light . the light itself have also apparently change from earlier model ; now it be a even , overall green light dial instead of a hot spot of light . you can still also push the snooze button to get a very bright blue light . the bad part about this clock be the hand . some designer must have think they would give it some sort of `` look '' with the cut-out design of the hand instead of the functionality of a solid hand . the cut-out hand make it very difficult to see the time at night with the back-lit dial because the light come `` through '' the hand and fuzz they out . to be able to see the time require that you turn the dial light way up , which be very annoying in my opinion . fortunately it be easy to fix if you be even modestly handy . pry off the lens with a very small screwdriver at either the 6 or 12 o'clock position . cut some black electrician 's tape with a fine scissors or x-acto blade to span the open cut-out on the hour and the minute hand and apply it . i use a tweezers to position and apply the tape , gently tamp it onto the hand to stick . the whole process take less than 5 minute and be now easy to read in day or night condition . i have upload a photo of the result .
319	AlarmClock	POS	5	so my grandparent have be waken up at like 10 yo so i buy this for they and know they wake up at 9:59 and 59 seconds ok so that be my history report even though i only get u z ------ ok that be my review
603	AlarmClock	POS	5	i use the coby viewer \/ alarm clock in conjunction with a 4aausb -lrb- batteries america -rrb- 5 volt power supply to view picture from my trail camera when i be in the field . this work better and have a clearer picture than the commercially available viewer from the trail camera manufacturers . it be also much cheaper .
87	AlarmClock	POS	5	clock design with tiltable display allow adjustment for best view angle combine with 2 1\/2 '' time display number -lrb- largest available in a standard alarm clock -rrb- make the clock easily readable for those suffer from limited sight as well as the nearsighted while in bed who want to check the time without have to put on eyeglass .
221	AlarmClock	POS	5	i wake up often during the night and need glass to see distance . i get so tired of strain to see the clock that i go on a web search to find `` the '' clock . this be it ! i can easily read this clock from across the bedroom without my glass -- the number be huge ! i know i be go to love it so i get two right off the top . the versatility be a extra bonus - i hang mine on the wall by my desk and the other be in my elderly mother 's bedroom sit on she dresser . one of the best purchase i have make in a very long time . if in doubt with this clock -- go for it !
547	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this radio as a christmas present for a office mate . i want something small and not too expensive since in a office building thing can disapear . the reception in the building be ususaly not so good and that be a concern . three month later i be happy to report that this one work fine . we have have no problem with the radio or the cd player .
729	AlarmClock	POS	4	my only complaint about this clock be that you have to be at a certain angle to see the digital pixel . if you be look down at it , the pixel be clear and distinct but if you be look at it from a same level point , the pixel look fade and indistinguishable ...
335	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be a handsome product ; a storm trooper clock that be reliable to wake my son up to school everyday . do not have to change battery often ; a bit pricey , but recommend .
291	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be one of the best clock i have purchase . without my glass i can see it from a good distance , number be giant size . if you need a clock i highly recommend this one .
351	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this for my teen daughter that be a hard sleeper . ordinary clock never wake she ; this one however , shake she and wake she . in fact , it wake everyone in the house on both floor . the color be rich and the vibrator be really powerful . i love it and so do she . now , i can be at work without have to worry whether or not she be go to get up . she have literally no option with this clock .
372	AlarmClock	POS	4	i buy this clock because when the morning sun come in my window , it make it impossible to read the time on my led clock so i need a clock with ordinary numeral to see the time in the morning . this clock look great on my bedside table and do the job i need it to do . i only wish it be a little bigger and heavier and i could see where someone try to read the time in the dark may have a problem fumble to press the button on top of the clock to turn on the face light . five star for my purpose , three star for most other user need make it a four star clock .
301	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love this little alarm clock so much , i have several throughout my house . pro : \* 24 hour time -lrb- a huge plus for people who have to work shift -rrb- \* nap timer -lrb- i use this feature all the time to wait 15 minute to see if i have correctly treat a hypoglycemic episode -rrb- . you can nap up to 4 hour . \* small and portable con : \* can only set the date and time forward ; you have to scroll through the entire cycle if you have overshoot you value . \* can not turn the back light off -lrb- but it only stay on for about 4 seconds -rrb- \* can not turn the nap timer off \* can not see how much time you have leave on you nap
325	AlarmClock	POS	4	this travel alarm work . the time and alarm be easy to set and logical . the display be easy to read in room light . the alarm be loud and effective . on the down-side , the alarm can only be turn off `` permanently '' -lrb- e.g. not set to snooze-delay -rrb- by slide a tiny little switch to the side . fumble with this slide switch be less than ideal in the morning dark . -lrb- the large button activate the snooze and not the `` alarm-off '' . -rrb- also , the `` light '' be a very weak white bulb that illuminate the edge of the lcd display but hardly make the time legible . it be worth the money -lrb- but not much more -rrb- .
506	AlarmClock	POS	4	i give this item to my 7 year old nephew for christmas so have no personal experience with it . he , however , be super happy !!! no complaint so far . i have to say that the size be a real plus - not huge but big enough to impress !
76	AlarmClock	POS	4	for the money this little clock be a pretty good buy . the number be large and easy to read , the time and alarm be straightforward and easy to set , the alarm start out softly and get louder until you push the snooze or turn it off , and the dial light up at night nicely when you push the snooze button . it also unfold to create a stand for the clock . it be compact when fold for travel , but the cover be cheaply make . i be not sure how well it will hold up under abuse , i would feel compel to wrap it in a sock or something in a suitcase . all in all for the money it have everything i need for a travel alarm clock and it keep good time so far , too .
755	AlarmClock	POS	5	a good sturdy reliable travel clock for little money . easy operation and compact . alarm be loud enough to wake you . i use it every day besides travel .
58	AlarmClock	POS	5	th sonic boom sbh400ss sweetheart loud plus vibrating alarm clock be super !! wakes i up but i do have a tendancy to use the snooze alarm too much -lrb- i seem to need that extra 9 minute . -rrb- the only concern i have be that the cord for the vibrator that go under my pillow could be longer so it could reach my pillow from a further distance , therefore , i would have to get up to set the snooze alarm which would then wake i up without have to go back to bed . : -rrb-
747	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this for my 6 year old star war lego fanatic for christmas . i be worry about its size since i could not find any dimension when i be order . but , it be a good size and make very well . he be go to love it !
137	AlarmClock	POS	5	my 8-year-old son be a huge lego fan and a recent fan of star wars . he love this alarm clock . it be important to note that he have always be scare of alarm clock before . this one beep loud enough to wake we up -lrb- i , at least - the son be a very heavy sleeper , -rrb- without be obnoxiously , ear-splittingly loud . the leg and arm be movable - he love to have darth hold thing for he and change whether he be sit or stand . he favorite part , though , be that the clock light up with a red glow when you push down on darth 's head , whether to make the alarm snooze for 5 minute or just to check the time .
919	AlarmClock	POS	5	have be search for replacement home weather station and find one that work . however , the time display be about 3\/4-inch high , make it difficult to see the time of day across a room . i find this clock and it be perfect ! the number be about 2-inches high -- very sharp and clear to read across a room . i use this clock in the family room , on the fireplace mantle , so the brightness of the number be not a factor in keep anyone awake . i now wear glass and even without wear the glass i be able to read the number clearly across the room . this clock also have a `` pm '' indicator . be very happy with my purchase .
348	AlarmClock	POS	5	this be really a great little alarm clock . i have have mine for 11 year now ! -lrb- bought it while travel in new zealand . have another i buy in singapore but the control be not as easy to manage so do not use that as much . -rrb- in the 11 year i have change the battery i think only once -lrb- maybe twice at most -rrb- - it use a watch battery . i like the fact that display 24 hour time be a option . when you close the stand\/cover , the snooze\/light button be the only thing accessible - perfect for reach out and silencing quickly . it be small and easy to carry in a pocket . it be loud enough to wake i when i be tired and not so loud that it be annoying . in the time i have have it i have sleep through it only a few time -lrb- when i have 3 hour sleep or something -rrb- - and i be a very sound sleeper , with short night a hazard of my employment many time . the only problem i have have with this , be that now after 11 year the setting slider be wear out . they use to `` click '' into place -lrb- i.e. alarm on\/off -rrb- , but now they slip out of position and unless i carefully position the alarm button it can be go off on the weekend for i . thus , time to get a new one .
222	AlarmClock	POS	5	i work as the legal guardian to the elderly who be deem incompetent by the court . i buy this for one of my client who be 96 and reside in a nursing home . she be bedridden and have difficulty see the clock so i get she this one with large , bright number and she love that the power can go out and she do not have to wait for staff to come and reset it . when i give it to she i just have to literally plug it in and the correct time be set immediately which just astonish she ! : -rrb-
556	AlarmClock	POS	4	after read the mostly good review for this clock , i go ahead and order it . i be surprise to see it be not anywhere near as large as two vhs tape like one reviewer mention . it actually measure 5-1\/2 '' wide , 3 '' tall and 2 '' deep . it be very lightweight . the one feature that sell i be the configuration of the control . there be a single snooze\/light bar on the top - very simple , nothing else to press or grab accidentally while half asleep - and all the programming button be in the front . only the alarm on\/off switch be located in the back . you have the display option of 12\/24-hour time and fahrenheit\/celsius temperature . the atomic feature be fussy during setup but the bedroom 's location have also be problematic with two previous clock -lrb- a oregon scientific and a skyscan -rrb- . i now know to take atomic clock into the kitchen where there be better reception in order to do a initial setup and re-synch twice a year for dst . set up the alarm be fairly intuitive and easy to do -lrb- press mode\/set once and use the up\/down button for the hour , mode\/set again , then up\/down button for the minute -rrb- . i be a heavy sleeper but the alarm be loud enough to wake i up . the beeping be polite and not harsh at all . it start out slowly and begin to beep faster the more you delay . from a personal preference , i would have like a blue backlight instead of orange . tap the snooze\/light bar illuminate the display for approximately 3 seconds , which be not long enough if you be try to set the alarm in the dark . i also would have like the time digit to be larger - they be about 3\/4 '' tall . 1\/3rd of the bottom of the display be take up by the date , day and temperature -lrb- about 5\/16 '' tall -rrb- . all in all , for the 6 month i have have this alarm clock i have be happy with it . i have not drop it yet so can not speak to its durability . it do feel cheaply make but if it be anything like a timex wristwatch , it 'll hopefully take a lickin ' and keep on tickin ' for a few year .
637	AlarmClock	POS	5	sure , it be just a clock . a reproduction of a 1930 's clock . jeez , it be analog in a digital world . it be not uber-cool matte black or make of titanium . besides accurately tell the time and have a effective alarm , its only other feature be a flash light and a battery back-up . most would think `` nothing special here . '' but , unexpectedly , there be something kind of special about this . there be some subtle set of element that combine to please i whenever i look at this clock . nothing spectacular or even all that explicable ... the feeling evoke be just pleasant ... like see a girl 's ponytail jauntily bounce , like you favorite coffee cup with fill with just the right temperature coffee , like a puppy rolling on its back to look at you . kind of corny ? sure ... but nice nevertheless .
743	AlarmClock	POS	5	i have be oversleep on workday for the first time in my life - sleep through alarm . now no more worry . this really do work , and i find it very cute too . the sound be adjustable both in quality and volume - and the shaker really work . i be very grateful . it be easy to set both the time and the alarm . one reviewer complain about the brightness - and the number be bright during the night and change color , but i like it . be just hope that i do not annoy my neighbor , so i not set on the higher volume . this be definitely a very girly look clock . i have purchase three altogether - one for my bedroom , one for the living room set 20 minute later , and one for work - just to look pretty and keep i in touch with the time . you can can a visual alarm with a small row of light flash if you do not want the sound . i also purchase a extension cord which work fine . i be very pleased with this clock !
655	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock mount on a wall easily although screw for do so be not include . i wish the alarm be a little bit louder but it be adequate . it be very easy to set and the large number make it easy to read .
574	AlarmClock	POS	5	a great travel alarm clock , the best i have see for the price use 2 aa battery green back light blink red when the alarm ring
25	AlarmClock	POS	5	i order this clock for myself as a replacement . i give mine to my niece as a gift with other travel inspire item , but only after i confirm that i coud purchase another one on amazon . i love it . i use it every day and night both at home and on trip . it be lightweight , accurate and easy to see . and when you wake up in the middle of the night and want to know the time , the indiglo feature on the timex be terrific . no need to turn on a light . the timex require one aaa battery . the battery should last a long time and be easily accessible for replacement . the timex base fold over the screen and be perfect for travel . i not only would order the timex indiglo travel alarm again , i already have . j.c. sterne
176	AlarmClock	POS	5	the time come to retire the old alarm clock and the dh just about play tap . until i present he with this one . it have a nice silver , sleek appearance . the number be large enough for he to see even without he contact . have the date and also show the time the alarm be set at without have to click any button . have a please neon yellow-green back light and the time be project on the ceiling be big number . it run on a combination battery and electrical current , so that be the light go out the clock do not ! since this time of year see a lot of storm and lose power -lrb- more than we would like ... lol -rrb- this be a very handy feature . easy to use and make the dh quite the happy camper . for those seek a simple clock , no radio etc. . this be just about perfect .
462	AlarmClock	POS	4	plenty of sound to choose from . drown out the sound of the outside world . my only complaint be the brightness of the clock . i have to turn it a way from i while i be sleep .
254	AlarmClock	POS	4	so it be a blank cube that look pretty good . then you tap it or clap you hand , and the time show up for 10 seconds , then it be blank again . inconvenient at night when you have someone sleep next to you for obvious reason . great present for annoying people who like to walk around clap they hand or singing song while you be try to watch the x-files , it 'll bring they hour of enjoyment . kinda boring , do not work as a excavator or a nuclear launchpad . seem cooler when i be buy it , but bonus point for be innovative and feng shuus .
44	AlarmClock	POS	5	if you be a bird lover -lrb- and even if you be not , but just want a bit of `` back to nature '' in you urban world -rrb- , this alarm clock be for you ! it be easy to set , easy to read and yes , easy to snooze if need be . i have it right next to my pillow , volume set on the lower side and it be a soft , melodic way to greet the day . i be a light sleeper , so i do not often hear it go past the first or second bird sound . but if you need a bigger nudge , the persistent rooster at the end do the trick . it be annoying , actually , but be not that the point ? another good point - you can get other bird sound card if you get bore with the one it come with . it be also a unique gift for those who seem to have everything - except this clock ! lightweight , battery easy to change , do not take a genius or a screwdriver to get it go . highly recommend !
572	AlarmClock	POS	5	they do say 2 '' display . i just do not think much about it . should have . i rate it 5 star 'cause it be everything they say . it be not they fault the big display cause a distraction if it be near the `` line of sight '' to a tv , window , whatever . i have it on a shelf , about 4 foot above the tv . i move it . . the clock . the blinking light draw you eye to the movement as do the very large display . be great in the sleep area since you eye be usually close . and , if half groggy you would have no problem see the time . but , consider the placement of this clock . i do not get it for the sleep area but will use it there and get another clock for the mantle . one not quite so large , blinky and bright . this clock have nice feature and i do not regret my purchase . take into consideration it be placement , i could recommend this clock for purchase .
996	AlarmClock	POS	5	after read many review of atomic radio control clock , i pick this one . so far , it do everything right . great display , easy to set up , easy to set alarm . the solar cell be a very clever feature ; should maintain the battery for a very long time .
231	AlarmClock	POS	4	actually , it be a great economical analog clock with some neat feature . however , the alarm be not loud enough for heavy sleeper , or hearing dimenished individual , -lrb- old people -rrb- .
855	AlarmClock	POS	4	i think its a good travel clock and certainly easy to set , etc. . however , it be impossible to read the time in the dark and that would be the only improvement need to give it 5 star . so far , i have take it on two trip and it perform just fine .
675	AlarmClock	POS	4	leave my previous travel-size alarm clock in paris and go through a couple different one -lrb- slight more expensive -rrb- before i get this guy . i be very satisfied . it be very compact -lrb- travel + + + -rrb- , cheap -lrb- always a + -rrb- , and pretty simple . everything have dedicate control . my only issue be the same `` feel '' of the display and alarm on\/off control , so i have miss alarm occasionally because i simply slide the wrong slider -lrb- display control instead of set the alarm slider to on -rrb- . still like it a lot after about six month .
439	AlarmClock	POS	5	i order this as a birthday gift for my mom . she work over night on the weekend , and she take a clock to wake she up . so , i think , this would be perfect . it work very well , and it be so simple . just pop in a battery , and wait a few seconds , and the time go to the correct time . however , if like i you do not live on the west coast , you will have to follow the instruction for set you time-zone . overall , this be fantastic product .
754	AlarmClock	POS	4	otherwise , this alarm clock be very good . it have a light which be turn on by press the snooze button when the alarm be not go off . it have a date setting , but i do not use it . one thing that cost i a tardy at school be the fact that it be hard to tell whether it be set to be or pm . to solve this , pay careful attention or set it to 24 hour .
240	AlarmClock	POS	5	first let i say i only write review if something be really worth the time or it be so horrible i would hate to see anyone else waste they money . this alarm clock be absolutely wonderful . my oldest daughter absolutely hate get up in the morning , and try to get she up be no picnic . we try other alarm clock , but they often shut off after a certain amount of time or be not loud enough -lrb- read : she sleep right through they -rrb- . not this one . we have it on a low volume and it be still loud enough to spring she out of bed and into the bathroom each morning . -lrb- my husband be outside one morning and could hear it go off ; i have be all over the house and have hear it go off -rrb- . it sound a little like a fire siren . another nice feature be that it automatically reset itself for the next morning when you turn it off . no have to remember to set it each night . we have have this for several week now and it have really improve we morning . the cost seem a little high ... but if you have a kid to get up in the morning who will not get up , this price be absolutely worth it .
126	AlarmClock	POS	4	a little expensive , but its very straight forward . for example `` alarm : on - off '' . you do not have to be a psychic to understand the control . very refreshing .
167	AlarmClock	POS	4	there be just two thing wrong with this product : the display be very small and very bright . if you be nearsighted , the .5 inch tall number be difficult to see during those groggy middle of the night time check . also , if you be use to a very dark room -lrb- i mean you be so light sensitive that you find the blue and green number display on most clock too bright so you have resort to the red -rrb- , this clock be go to annoy you . the number be dark against the light window , and 2.75 inch by .75 inch of glowing green inch from you head will disturb the most light-sensitive sleeper out there . other than that , the thing be perfect -- easy to set and use , and the radio be surprisingly good . i like the retro-industrial knob and dial , but i guess i be go to have to get that lasik surgery after all ...
94	AlarmClock	POS	5	i just purchase my third clock for my house . these clock be quiet -lrb- until you need they -rrb- and dependable . i really like the backlight feature .
259	AlarmClock	POS	5	i buy this clock for my 89 year old mother who have vision problem . it be easy for she to set and turn off the alarm . no fussy little button to get frustrated over . i actually order a second one !
989	AlarmClock	POS	5	this clock be very good . its not too large , about the size of a grapefruit . some reviewer mention that they light face would not turn off . mine work fine . you set the brightness of the light face with a wheel adjustment . mine be completely off in the lowest setting . at the highest , it actually make a decent night light . it run off 3 `` aa '' battery , i be not sure of the life of these with the light face . i like to keep the face on mine dim , but still readable in the dark . the alarm work fine also . if you need a simple alarm clock , this one be great .
923	AlarmClock	POS	4	i purchase this clock because my old clock do not have a backup battery so if the power go out i would have to reset my clock . i read the review and they seem pretty good . i receive my clock today and right out of the box the clock be off by 2min . i read the instruction and change the time manually . unfortunately , when i set the time manually the seconds be 8 seconds behind accord to my cell phone and the official us time on -lrb- . . -rrb- so basically i have to wait 8 seconds for my clock to change after my cell phone change . not the end of the world right . but i figure that just for good measure i would call the manufacturer 877-221-1252 . the woman advise i how to set the clock which i already read in the instruction . i tell she that my other clock automatically reset the seconds to zero once i set the clock so all of my other clock be within a second or less from my phone . i ask she if this clock can reset the seconds to zero . she do not know and advise i to exchange the clock if i think it might be defective . i figure with a name like acu -rrb- rite they would be accurate . just sayin . other than the fact that my clock will be 8 seconds off the atomic clock it should serve it be purpose . as for the : blinking . i turn off all my light and i do not foresee this be a problem and this clock be close to my bed . the light be not intense enough to be annoying but bright enough to see easily in a dark or well light room . i will make another review on the performance of this clock if it should fail i in any other way . i give this clock a 4 star rating only because it be not 100 percent accurate like they make it out to be . i might be able to resolve this issue by take out the backup battery or something but it be not worth the time it take to find a small screwdriver to try it . i can live with the 8 second delay . i will just have to set and forget like the name say .
683	AlarmClock	POS	5	i love this little clock . it be small and slender -lrb- like a a compact powder -rrb- and have super easy function . will not travel without it .
57	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this tiny -lrb- i mean teeny-weeny -rrb- all plastic clock be nearly impossible to read , harder to set and operate , and be less bright then those plastic `` see on tv '' touch light . the dawn effect do not wake i -lrb- i be a light sleeper -rrb- and it be not natural full spectrum light . i buy the adapter -lrb- ka-ching $ -rrb- and it do not work with my natural light lamp . a real rip-off . and it gain time , @ 5 min\/week .
342	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock i receive be defective - the hour hand be off by 25 minute -lrb- e.g. , the hour hand be almost half way between 1 & 2 when the minute hand be on 12 -rrb- .  the sound be only similar to the bird song that i can hear out my back door - not close enough to reality . i think we want reality so we can recognize the bird song we hear in nature .  a wonderful idea , but not carry out very well . by the way - the clock be make in china .
114	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i be so pleased by the appearance of the clock when it first arrive . but within the first 24 hour , the sweep second-hand have break off , and within 48 hour it no longer work at all . i try play around with the battery placement after read other review , but i get nothing . it look great , but it be very shoddily make . i would return it but i throw out the packaging . i would not purchase it again .
90	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i really like the look of the clock , the number , sort of nostalgic , but when i get the clock , it be not the same . it be boring , like a hundred other clock . i have not use it yet , and when -- and if i do before return it , i 'll be able to judge its performance . -lrb- see additional photo . -rrb-
336	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the clock look lovely , but it be break when i receive it , and not crack or anything that would have happen in shipping . the hour hand be not connect to the rest of the clock . i be tick .
499	AlarmClock	NEG	2	so all i want be a cheap battery alarm clock for a camper . this thing eat up a battery every few day - at least once or twice a week . it work great otherwise - maybe i receive a `` lemon '' but i can not keep feed it so will have to get another brand .
736	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i have three main criterion in mind when select this clock -lrb- two of they , actually -rrb- for we bedside table . this product end up defy all three criterion . you could say that the buyer be to blame , but the rub of buy on the internet be that you have to take a leap of faith that the product will function as it be suppose to . in this case , that leap be right off of a cliff . what i want : 1 -rrb- a attractive , retro look that would blend in with we bedroom : yeah , sure , this product have that chrome look and a retro-ish design , but its tiny size make it seem more like a travel alarm clock , and the cheap material show in the appearance . 2 -rrb- a easy-to-read face that would allow i to see the time quickly when i have to get up at night to feed we baby : the light on this clock be so lame that you can still barely see the number . also , one of the clock we receive break several time within the first few day , so my husband just start use he iphone as a alarm . 3 -rrb- a effective alarm that do not blow you eardrum out : this alarm do not blow you eardrum out ... because it do not work . not once have the alarm on the one remain functional clock actually go off at the time we set it -lrb- or at all -rrb- . piece of crap . waste of money . now i will be spend another 40 dollar to buy digital alarm clock again . boo .
871	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the auto-time set be a defect in disguise . we buy a older version of this clock in 2002 or so . it be hardwire to change the time -lrb- for daylight saving time , dst -rrb- on the first sunday in april and the last sunday in october . spiffy ! the radio time feed from wwv provide universal coordinated time -lrb- gmt -rrb- , with no signal indicate the time change , so the clock be design hardwire with a offset from that , change at fix date . then come the energy policy act of 2005 , which `` change the change day '' to the second sunday in march , and the first sunday in november , start in 2007 . we older clock do not read the newspaper , so base on its old programming , it `` spring forward '' two week late and `` fall back '' a week early . that mean we have to change the time zone four time per year to keep it accurate -lrb- in we case from pacific to mountain time and back as need -rrb- . if you be absolutely sure congress will never ever ever change the dst date in the future , buy the clock , it be well make and accurate . if the manufacturer add a manual dst switch , or figure out some clever way to tell the clock when congress change the date , it be also good . but if congress meddle with the time change date again , and the 2012 change date be still hardwire in , you will probably angrily discard this `` automatic '' clock after a year or two of setting and reset it , and miss a appointment or two . then you will buy one of the manual set one , which might be off a few minute , but not a hour . it be a pity that we lord and master in washington do not think about detail like this when they ignore the sun and tinker with the time . more afternoon golf time for they , while you kid wait for the morning school bus in the cold and dark .
731	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this thing only work twice for i . today it sit on my computer desk display the time only . if you need to make someone late for work , here ya go : -lrb-
5	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the description of this product seem ideal . . not to have to reset you alarm for differnt schedule everyday . however the direction be very brief and vague and the clock be hard to set , both the time and alarm . do not want to bother send it back so i put it in the guest rooom where a clock be need , but not a alarm .
874	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the design of the display be great , i like how you can go both back and forth through the sound , without have to cycle through they all , and it come with a lot of sound -lrb- though some i can not see anyone want to sleep to -rrb- . the date and time be easy to set . i do not use the alarm function , as i prefer to use my cell phone alarm , so i can not speak to the functionality of that . some other review have make comment about the shortness of the track before repeat , but it be not something i notice too much . i end up return it after two day . the biggest problem for i be this low hum that emanate from it through any sound , and i find it really distract , because i be listen to the buzz hum more than the sound -lrb- ebb tide -rrb- . i look up some review , and find other people with the same issue , which apparently turn out to be a cheap power supply cause the speaker to vibrate inappropriately -lrb- or something , i do not exactly understand the concept -rrb- . learning that , i realize it be a design flaw , and not my unit , so i drop the idea of just exchange it . the other problem i have with it , though by itself it be not enough to make i want to return it , be the lack of real volume control . you have loud , louder , loudest , blow you ear drum , and 11 . the lowest setting -lrb- 1 -rrb- be barely tolerable for i on most sound , and utterly unacceptable on other . have i decide to keep it , i would have relocate it to the other end of the room . i end up replace it with  sound oasis s-650-01 sleep sound therapy system  i only just get it today , so i have no review of it yet , but i can tell you there be no annoying audio buzz . also , some store will price match with amazon if you print out the page , so i actually get it for less than the amazon price .
975	AlarmClock	NEG	1	boy ... do i goof !! i think this be a atomic clock . turn out all it do be reset itself from regular time to daylight savings etc. . not what i need . i want one that reset after the power go out ... or if you move it from spot to spot . i really do think it be self setting ... sorry . i would have give he no star if that be a option . how in the world can a `` atomic '' clock be so wrong ! sorry for yell . . but this be beyond ridiculi . it be actually 14 minute fast ... and as mention by someone earlier there be no way to make correction . what a waste . complaint # 2 be that ... if someone need big number so as to see they wothout glass ... it might also follow that they hearing be not as sharp as it once be . the alarm ??? on this thing be not as loud as mant of the bird outside my window each morning . i be hopeful this review will help someone make a different choice when purchase from this company .
333	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this be extremely light in weight , tinny and cheap , and the atomic feature do not work . it certainly be not worth the price -- worth under $ 5.00 . i have no choice but to return it and receive a full credit from amazon.com
573	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the sound be just terrible and when i turn the sound up\/down , i frequently have change the station to get it tune properly . and the cd work at first ; now it do not . -lrb- the sound be not that great , either -rrb- . a total waste of money . i should use my stereo or television to wake i up .
473	AlarmClock	NEG	2	controls be difficult to manage , particularly set the time for each alarm . -lrb- my building lose electricity pretty frequently which mean reset the clock and it be a pain with the way the button be set up . -rrb- the cd do not work -lrb- not long after i buy the radio -rrb- . the sound be terrible . you be get what you pay for : not much .
23	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i be very disappoint in this product . i wish i have not wait so long and i wish i be still able to send it back . the product be very difficult to use without a manual because the button be very poorly label . you would think that it would be a breeze to set a alarm clock that have only time\/day and alarm as its function , not so . there be 4 button , none of they be label hour or minute or alarm . they be label `` mode '' , `` set '' , `` adjust '' , `` receive '' . what do that mean ? it turn out that it be very simple to adjust the alarm once you have the manual ; you just have to memorize all the counterintuitive name . also , note that the alarm clock do not set itself right immediately after you put the battery in . it set itself right of it be volition after a while . sometimes the time-lag before it set itself right be hour . there be a way to set the time manually in the meanwhile , but you do not want to attempt that unless you have memorize the manual . this be a major drawback , if you travel often and you have to take off the battery when you put the alarm clock in the suitcase . i be really befuddle by the fact that with all the alarm clock that be label clearly enough to be set without the manual , this one be not . and i be no technophobe . i be one of those guy that like to learn about all the advanced option in he computer .
527	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i purchase this item and it stop work in less than a week . what a complete piece of garbage . my guess be that water get into it and cause it to stop work . if you take it out and let it dry for a few day , it 'll work for a few minute before take another dump .
4	AlarmClock	NEG	2	unfortunately i be not very pleased with the alarm clock . the ocean sound more like static than a real ocean . also the alarm clock do not look as cute as i imagine it would -lrb- base on the picture -rrb- . the face of the clock actually look as if the alarm clock have be use before because it have a few scratch . on the upside ... it work .
364	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this unit be a little big for a small travel suitcase where space be extremely limit . i like the little westclox better for about the same amount of money -lrb- i buy both , but i be not use this one at all -rrb- . hey , it work , and it last -lrb- both unit -rrb- . in a day where quality be in short supply , i guess this be a good investment since it be also relatively cheap as well as pragmatic . enjoy !
128	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i buy this clock and try it for 2 night . however , i be awaken by the clock 1 hour ahead of actual time . i realize later that the manufacturer have mess up on the program in this clock . instead of 60 seconds per minute , this alarm clock be internally set at 50 seconds per minute ...
424	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i see this radio at target and think it look really cool . i like the old-fashioned styling and the blue display . unfortunately , i quickly find two major problem with this . as someone state earlier , the display be too bright-it light up my room like a full moon and there seem to be no way to turn it down . the second major problem be that the volume dial do not turn smoothly , rather it be notch in such a way that there really be no way to control the volume . on the unit i have , either the volume be down all the way , okay at the first notch , and way too loud on the second notch . i like the nature sound , but the bird sound be rather silly because they sound like snippet from a dozen different habitat and be distract . the flowing water sound nice , though . tuning be interesting because the frequency be in 0.05 increment . so , to go from 90.5 to 90.7 , you have to push the up button four time instead of just once . while this be not a issue to go up one frequency , it be annoy to go up 5 or 10 . lastly , the speaker poop out on the second night . so , the radio be absolutely useless at this point . the radio be nice look and a little retro , but unfortunately , there be just too many design problem that make it a waste of money and time . it be go back to target first thing saturday morning .
816	AlarmClock	NEG	1	we were looking for a basic battery-operated alanog alarm clock to replace a timex that we had for a number of year . we thought we had found one in the elgin 3675e . the elgin clock was easy to read and set up ; however , the clock seem somewhat chealy-made when examine in person did not function even after replacing the battery two time -lrb- once be with newly-purchased battery -rrb- . we were quite disappoint with this elgin product .
609	AlarmClock	NEG	2	registered for this soothing sound clock from sharper image . the variety of sound be nice , but i be very disappointed with the quality of sound . it sound very cheap and not too clear . sound like a generic radio , like emerson or something . . if you be not too concerned with sound quality , this would make for a fine soother alarm clock . if you like some clarity in sound and look for good quality , pass this item .
565	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i try the `` equity by la crosse skyscan 31269 lcd atomic alarm clock '' and it be fine except the clock run from battery only even though they give you a ac adapter . the ac adapter be for the ceiling display only . when you change the battery on the la crosse , the clock and all setting be lose so i return it and buy the `` smartset dual alarm am\/fm clock radio '' . the ceiling time can not show right side up with the clock face you , this be like most other ceiling clock so watch out . the la crosse have the most advanced ceiling display as it can be twist all 4 direction , but can not be twist enough to use the clock with the ceiling display right side up .
531	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i didnt pay attention to the review ... actually i ignore they because i want this clock sooooooo badly . unfortunately , this replica be really , really cheap . i get it in the mail and open it up . china . cheap . plastic . nonetheless , i dig the look and can work with that ... check the alarm ... the ` light ' aspect of the alarm work , but the bell doesnt at all which be a no-go for i . suck , i really want to have it in proper work order , save you money here . two star because amazon rock and return it be easy ... beyond that ... you have be warn !!!!
447	AlarmClock	NEG	1	water get into this two day after i use it in the shower , and the clock be no longer visible .  i leave it unused for two week , and the 6 c-battery have run out .  believe it or not , i believe i actually throw my receipt away when i get it ! -lrb- that be why i be anonymous . -rrb-
500	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i order this clock in april . it stop work correctly in july . i expect more . the clock face -lrb- actual time -rrb- become unreadable . the number dim to the point that they be unreadable . i try to change the battery but no joy .
999	AlarmClock	NEG	1	when i pay $ 99 for a travel alarm clock , i surely expect that it will be of excellent quality . when mine arrive it be dead right out of the box . i call the company and be tell that i would have to accept a merchandise credit rather than a refund . as if i would every buy anything else from they ! save you money -- this company obviously do not care about quality .
753	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i be not one to write review , but i be so surprised to see the flowery review by the editor , i be prompt to comment . the overall design of this product may seem stylish , but not free from glithe and error . the radio reception be very weak . the only way i get clear station be if i be touch the antenna . the station scanning also do not work great - it be actually annoying because it stop on any static station , even if you press-and-hold scan . also beware - if you have the sound soother on and accidentally press a radio preset , you will wipe out all of you preset when switch back to the radio . another problem - it eat battery like crazy , so you have to spring for the ac power adapter . as for the sound soother , it seem to work and help i sleep , but not all of the sound make sense , but i guess everyone be different . i generally like the rain , thunderstorm , summer night , or city sound . i do have the single speaker model as well , and it do have good sound quality . the rest of this unit 's feature be so lack , though , so it be really hard to justify the expense just for a sound soother .
760	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it be fine as a travel clock , but i buy it because the description say it have indiglo . it do not . you have to press the light button to light up the display . if you want a backlit travel alarm , it be fine . very disappointing . if the listing be correct it would be 4 star . update : october 29 , 2010 now the backlight do not work at all . i think it be not light up because the battery might be low . nope , new battery in and no light . fail . one star , look elsewhere . now it be too late to order one for my upcoming trip .
316	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have own this light for a few year now and use it occasionally when i feel i need to be - set ' my circadian rhythm ... but i be never that impressed . the plug be huge and the light get extremely hot , which always worry i . the radio be not digital - it be a dial and my dial break long ago ... so i can not even see what station i be try to tune into . the light be nice to fall asleep to as it do help i wind down ... but the light be not bright enough to wake i up without the backup alarm . the glow of the clock be also too bright and i have to face that away from i or cover it with something to actually have a dark room . needless to say , i be shop for something new to replace this .
504	AlarmClock	NEG	2	when i first stumble across this clock , i be elated ! year ago i have a original that be damage in a move . i purchase the version in green , it look great . sadly , the clock movement make a very annoying click or tick sound that prevent i from go to sleep , and i be almost deaf in one ear . within a very short time , the alarm bulb burn out . the light dial stop work . then the clock begin to loose time . after four month , it quit completely . very beautiful clock , but very poor quality .
296	AlarmClock	NEG	1	let i get this straight . it be a alarm clock for the shower ? who fall asleep in the shower ? if you do fall asleep in the shower be late be the least of you problem . maybe a gauze dispenser for patch up that crack skull would be a bit more handy . how ` bout it coby ?
710	AlarmClock	NEG	2	you get what you pay for . the clock cost less than $ 10 and be make in china , so ... it be light-weight and flimsy , but from the other side of the room , it look cute . regard its accuracy in keep time - so far so good , but we have only have it in use a week . the alarm be not at all alarming - if you be hard of hearing or need a loud noise to rouse you - this be not you wake up call .
113	AlarmClock	NEG	2	clock be as advertise and easy to use , unless you use the alarm . the volume of the alarm make it useless to i and the on\/off switch be very tight and hard to manipulate . addition : after notice the word -lrb- kitchen -rrb- after the description of the clock i review earlier , i look at the clock describe on the amazon web page that i originally order from and realize that the clock i receive be a different model than the one i order . the picture on amazon 's web page have the control on the top of the clock and the alarm indicator light on the top left of the face . the clock i receive have the control on the back of the clock and the alarm indicator light on the bottom-right of the clock face . this might account for the too-soft alarm volume on the clock i receive , as a kitchen clock would not need the alarm volume that a bedroom alarm would . i do not know if this be just a design change or a different model but something be different .
329	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the universal standard for a clock be reliability . the single aa battery be easily dislodge , stop the clock . although i like the fact that it be analog with a retro style , it be poorly engineer and shoddily manufacture . additionally , it take over six week for delivery .
427	AlarmClock	NEG	1	useless . the off switch do not work , so clock would go off every 12 hour with no way to shut it up . throw it away after fuss with it for three day .
166	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i should have review the detail more closely . first off the picture be misleading , this clock do not light up unless you hit the snooze light . the light stay on for a few seconds , this be not what i be look for . very cheap and when you be try to check the time in the dark you have to scramble to press the button . nope !
313	AlarmClock	NEG	1	we have this for a little over a week . nothing but problem . time would not set properly . only play cd when it want to . be a real piece of junk .
491	AlarmClock	NEG	1	very disappointing - the light do not light up the number well enough to read they in the dark . this will get return . i guess i need to keep shopping for something you can see at night time , this certainly be not it .
501	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i purchase this as a replacement for a travel alarm which i use on a daily basis for many year . i love this design with all the control conveniently located on the front of the clock . however , when i test it in the dark i be so disappointed . it be describe as ` backlight on demand ' . however it be not backlit at all . there be two very weak , relatively useless , little bulb on either side of the time display that do not shed enough light to allow you to read the time in a dark room . this just will not work for i . i be return it . very disappointing .
852	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the alarm clock stop work almost immediately outside the box , try to set alarm , alarm would not shut off , change out battery , still no joy .
449	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i order this because it want the earphone jack as state in the product description . when i receive the product , no earphone jack as state on the box . i call the company and be tell they have be aware of the problem and have not really do anything about it . sorry for the inconvenience try send it back . what a rip off . when a company do not stand behind its product .
479	AlarmClock	NEG	2	when i google `` slow wake alarm '' this product come up a number of time , so naturally i read the reveiw , like what i see and order it . however , when i recieve my item i be far from impressed . what i be look for be a alarm clock that would start out slowly and quietly then progressively get louder . this one do not . grant it be not a advertised feature , but i feel that it be something that come along with the product from the other review i have read . in reality this be a regular alarm clock that wake you up with you choice of beep or nature sound . not what i want . this one get a big thumb down .
741	AlarmClock	NEG	1	alarm do not work . . i guess i get what i pay for . i do not realize how small the clock actually be .
987	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy two of these . in the middle of the night i wake up and hear a strange whir noise from one of they . i have to remove the battery to fall back asleep . brief description - they be considerably bigger than i expect . the alarm switch be on the side which mean it be possible turn it on or off while reach for the light button . light be bright . if you enable the sensor , the light will turn on when it get dark . i do not want this feature but , if you want a bright light on all night , it seem to work fine . at first , they be absolutely silent . the quiet one seem ok . the other will be return .
699	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the concept be great , the build in lamp be terrible - about as bright as a night light , do not know how that be suppose to wake i up . also , if it go out it be not cheap to replace . to get any use out of the sunrise\/set feature you have to have it control a external lamp with a external power adapter almost the size of the clock itself . the clock itself feel like a toy , light plastic and cheap construction with flimsy button that work for a few month and require small finger -lrb- i have those and still have to use my nail -rrb- . i would recommend that you spend the money on a clock of this type with a build in external lamp control , most of those even come with sleep sound . can not beat that . but really , really , do not buy this alarm clock . perhaps  sunrise sun simulator day light srs150 alarm clock  or even  apollo health daybreak duo dawn\/dusk simulator
824	AlarmClock	NEG	1	extremely poor quality . the alarm function do not work !!! i know it be make in china , but this be so cheaply put together it could not get any worse . the worst ever . just in case i do not make myself clear ... this clock be the worst clock i have ever own .
563	AlarmClock	NEG	1	do not light up enough to see the time on the display - can not read it in the dark and just barely in the light .
52	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the idea of this alarm clock be very appealing : a alarm clock that can be easily individualize for the day of the week . here , however , be the reality in two bullet point : 1 . the tuner be awful . within ten minute of have locate a staion the focus have slip and you have to relocate it or listen to gradually worsten static . 2 . the alarm clock component be about 95 % accurate . think on that ... 5 % of the time you will not be awaken . my partner and i have have it for a year and for the longest time think that one of we have do something wrong in set it . or we be sure that we have do it right but wake up late have not make we tardy for anything . this morning be the last straw , though . 5 % , when you be depend on this little monster be not good enough . and now , off to shop amazon for a new clock radio .
213	AlarmClock	NEG	1	we purchase this alarm clock for we son 's birthday present . it work well when we first get it and work for the first few hour of he have it . the sound then stop and eventually start work again but now on day 2 it have stop make sound again . i will be try to contact the company tomorrow to see if they have any helpful idea on what to do . hopefully i do not have to spend a ton of money shipping and replace a product that only work one day . if the sound issue would not have happen i would have give this product a much higher rating , but cool or not , it be a alarm clock with no sound .
341	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i have get this clock twice . the first time , i purchase it and within about a month , the time be display wrong and the alarm have stop work . i take it to brookstone to have it replace , which they do without any trouble . i think perhaps my first clock have simply be a lemon , but i be wrong . the second clock work for about 2 month , before the snooze button stop work -lrb- i do not press it very hard , nor too often -rrb- , the time would randomly reset itself and the first number on the clock start fading . at that point , i take the clock back to brookstone and get a pair of slipper instead . i do not recommend this clock . it have some good point , but those be not worth the fact that it will probably stop function shortly after you buy it .
901	AlarmClock	NEG	1	update - less than 3 month after purchase ... this alarm clock have die ! it geek and reset itself to 12:00 be whenever the alarm be due to go off ... so not only do it not wake you up when it should it cant even keep time . so i buy it on may 11 , 2011 and by august 1 , 2011 ... i have to go out and buy a new one . save you money buy something else !!!! i have expectionally high hope for this radio ... but really all i want it to do be wake i up effectively . its not that hard , i want it to tell i the time -lrb- and not consistently just change the time for i , like my old clock -rrb- and wake i up on time . oh it wake i up on time alright ! unless you wanna use the snooze button ! the sound be fine on the unit in term of the speaker . the sound like ... you know ... the sound . and i be happy ... until one morning i hit the snooze button . hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm wtf ? huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm !!!!!!!! so i hit the sound button , in a groggy stupor . and the sound stop ... problem solve right ? no it turn off the alarm . yeah ... i be late to work . the next morning i again hit the snooze button of hum death ... and the humm -lrb- im serious ... its not quiet ... its not something you can sleep through -rrb- begin again ... but this time i think oooooh no you dont ! and ... -lrb- btw im now fully awake -rrb- i stare at the clock , uselessly . how can i cercumvent this ? answer ? you cant ! and dont bother look at the meaningless manual it come with . you can however , set alarm 1 for the time you want to start wake up and alarm 2 for the time you best get up . but that really be useless if you and you hunny use the same clock . the clock be crap , and not worth the amount i pay and honestly if it wasnt such a pain in the arse , i would send that clock a packin back to amazon . save you money ... buy a useful clock .
260	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock be terrible . i purchase for my husband for christmas it stop work today july 20 . we get almost 7months out of it .
202	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i purchase this because i want a alarm that do not need to be plug into the wall , but i be disappoint with how cheap the plastic be . look and feel junky .
718	AlarmClock	NEG	1	my wife purchase this alarm clock for i for christmas 2007 . it be the second piece of coby electronic equipment that i have own . my experience be that coby build extremely cheap -lrb- meaning , poor quality -rrb- product . my complaint with this product be : 1 -rrb- the product do not keep accurate time -lrb- gain about 7-8 minute per month - most likely a electronics design flaw that recur in each of these alarm clock -rrb- . 2 -rrb- the product `` hum '' through the speaker -lrb- a short in the internal electronics due to poor circuit board design - also a design flaw that probably recur in each of these alarm clock -rrb- . interestingly , when the product be power on , like when the user want to listen to a cd but have not yet hit the play button , the hum quit . but , if the unit be leave on accidentally , the alarm do not work . i know . i power the unit on to get the annoying hum to stop and be late to work the next day because the alarm never sound . 3 -rrb- cd door be overly difficult to open and close -lrb- a coefficient of friction design flaw that be also recur , probably -rrb- . 4 -rrb- the lead display be overly bright and no dimmer switch be feature -lrb- yet another design flaw -rrb- . 5 -rrb- all plastic part be extremely cheap . white plastic cabinet part be not the same color of white -lrb- do not match -rrb- . silver paint on button will obviously soon wear off , etc. . while this alarm clock have all of the feature that i be look for in a alarm clock -lrb- except for the dimmer switch -rrb- , the aforementioned list of design flaw force i to return the product as defective . bottom line : very cheaply build !
362	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the company send a clock with a manufacturing defect . the number on the face of the clock be not in the correct position . example , the 5 be at the bottom of the clock where the 6 should be and 11 be in the 12 position . consequently , the alarm do not work due to the number be in the wrong position . i be at a loss as to why this product be even send to i when it be clearly a defective item . i be not satisfy with this item and i intend to return it .
746	AlarmClock	NEG	1	pro : inexpensive and multipurpose music and photo con : reliability -lrb- actually its lack of reliability -rrb- , manual not helpful a few month after get the coby dp356 , it start to freeze up . seem to be a thermal issue as bottom get warm . unplug for about 10 minute get another 10-15 minute before it freeze again .
997	AlarmClock	NEG	1	within 6 month of purchase this item , the button control the 2nd alarm mode would get stick and be difficult to set . six month later the sound stop work altogether . be a good product while it last , but for the price it should have last longer . it must be make in china .
740	AlarmClock	NEG	1	a poor item that be nearly impossible to work or turn off . on the bright side it weight about half a pound and will leave a annoyingly catchy tune in you head for the morning shower .
397	AlarmClock	NEG	1	nice look little clock ; unfortunately , as a alarm clock , it be useless . the alarm be inaudible in a quiet room from a distance of 4 foot . the stand\/cover be flimsy .
267	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i be incredibly disappoint with this product . the light be not bright at all -- it be incredibly dim . in a dark room you can hardly see it . it might wake up incredibly light sleeper , but no one else .
964	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the display be difficult to read in daytime -lrb- black on gray -rrb- unless you press on vader 's head for a 5 sec backlight . if the display be like any normal digital clock with blue\/red number , it would be 5 star as the body detail be great .
931	AlarmClock	NEG	1	they show 2 different picture online . i do not get the clock i think i be get . i think the back light up .
45	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i follow all the direction and allow 72 hour for the clock to reset itself . since the best reception to colorado be between 12am to 3am , and the clock specifically target that time frame for auto update , i set the time manually -lrb- minus 7 minute to make sure that it actually do pick up the signal -rrb- . the clock never set itself correctly . i refuse to `` position '' my clock to face colorado -lrb- although it be face in the general direction -rrb- , and my side of the bed be not closest to the window -lrb- and i think it be ridiculous to think i have to strategically arrange my clock in order to get it to work -rrb- . also , the clock be very light weight and easily move around . the button be extremely small and i have to pick up the clock to set the alarm -lrb- since it slide accross the night stand when i try push the alarm button -rrb- , and it be still difficult to get the button to work even after that . cheap construction !
653	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the radio work well , especially because the tuner be digital . switching from store memory station be a bit complex . overall , the radio be complicate to use , and the instruction be not very clear . the most troubling part of this device be that the radio alarm only go off for about 5 minute -lrb- i have not figure out anyway to lengthen the alarm time -rrb- , and unless i have it on loud , i sleep through the alarm . my advise be that if you can afford to , buy a better alarm clock .
10	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i buy this clock for the large display and the backlight feature , but the clock arrive with the backlight nonfunctioning . as it turn out , the display be not that large or legible in low light . i would advise another choice .
264	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this be a pretty nifty clock . nothing to bad here - just do not count on the projection - it be very diffieculy to see .
856	AlarmClock	NEG	1	try new battery , multiple time , but the thing never work ! i get busy and forget to return the clock within the time window and now i can only get half of my payment , plus i 'll have to pay for the shipping cost . boo ! i 'll never purchase one of these gadget , from this seller ever again ! ,
732	AlarmClock	NEG	2	my sister have this alarm clock . i love it . the sound soother be awesome , and lull i right to sleep . i want to get my own . i order it from amazon , and it arrive quickly . i be excite , and set it up immediately . when i go to bed i put on one of the sound , awesome . then i notice a humming noise amid the soothing wave , i fall asleep anyway . i wake up to the alarm clock go off , and promptly hit the snooze button . there it be again ! the humming noise stay on the whole time it be in snooze mode . i decide to exchange it for a new one ... the new alarm clock arrive . the same thing happen . i call up customer service . i speak with a very nice representative who be sympathetic to my situation . she decide that since this happen more than once , this be a matter that need to be investigate . she tell i that she would take amazon off of the merchant list for this product until someone have test all of the remain stock in the warehouse . she tell i to check the website in a couple of day , and if i see that amazon be sell it again , that mean the matter have be resolve . she also issue a immediate refund to i . i be very impressed . a few day later i check the website . sure enough amazon be sell the alarm clock . i go for it . i figure third time be a charm , they look into it after all . i receive the alarm clock not so quickly this time . i decide to set it up , and test it out before i commit to fall asleep with it . sure enough , it make the horrible humming sound . i send it back . i also call customer service again to give they a head up , since they be so accommodate the previous time . another mistake . this customer service rep be unsympathetic , and actually say something along the line of ` well i could not say it be malfunction ... ' do . it be be send back , i be not go to keep try . i 'll just be envious my sister 's alarm clock that work .
829	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i unpack the clock right after receive it and although i read the brief instruction very carefully , i could not make the clock to anything accord to the step outline in the instruction . furthermore , i leave it overnight next to my window and when i get back to it the next morning , it have still not adjust the time automatically . overall , i could not use it either as a automatic or manually adjust clock . piece of junk ! my wife have another timex alarm clock model , that in all honesty be not much better and should have be a warning . my old clock be a seiko , and work nicely for 4 year until my 3 year old bang it against the floor .
450	AlarmClock	NEG	1	look at the picture , it seem that the number would be visible at night . they be not and that be the whole point for my daughter to have a clock - so she would not get up at 5 be - she can look at the clock and see that the first number be not a 7 , so do not get up ... however , for she to view the number in the dark , she have to push down on the clock for the light to come on and it only stay on as long as she be push on it . the dora be already detatch from the base , the screw come up from the bottom and i would have to take the clock apart to try to screw it back in ... not a good value ! junk !!
720	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it look good in the picture , but do not even think of buy this piece of junk . it be way too big for a travel clock , the digital and anlaog clock be not connect to each other , and the other feature be awkward to use .
664	AlarmClock	NEG	1	somehow this clock have a different rate than the expect 1h per hour . it run almost 50 % as fast , what make it useless . it would be interesting to see how frequent this problem be . anyone else ?
467	AlarmClock	NEG	1	take way too long to eve start delivery . it be 4 day & i a still recieve the same lame message `` shipping soon '' . stop talk and do it !!! if you want you item do not shop at amazon !
97	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock will not keep the right time . it keep kick back a hour . i would not buy this product again . i have have other la crosse item that i have really like . this one be no good !
745	AlarmClock	NEG	1	not worth the price , my $ store clock be better . the plastic be very think and fragile and there be 2 dim led on the side that barely light up .
953	AlarmClock	NEG	1	not a good purchase : 1 -rrb- the lcd be so bright that you can read a magazine at night on its lowest setting . i find myself throw a pillow over it to block the light - with obvious consequence . 2 -rrb- durability be poor . my unit only last 5 month . it begin to intermittently `` go quiet '' and would not make a noise . fiddle with the power cord enable it to make sound . but a alarm clock that will not reliably alarm be rather a waste of time . brookstone would not fix this or replace it as it be out of warranty . my last clock be ancient at 12 year . but it be reliable . i choose reliable over cool look .
407	AlarmClock	NEG	1	seriously , who make a digital alarm clock that do not have back-lit number on at all time ???? buy this clock if see the time in the dark be not important to your child also note it come on military time with no instruction for how to change it boooooo this clock !!!!
65	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have try live with this alarm clock for 4 month . i can not . in fact , i have just order a new alarm clock to replace it , because i can not stand it anymore . this be why : 1 . no radio . you have to wake up to its preprogrammed `` relaxing '' sound . 2 . many of the sound track be on a noticeable loop , especially the `` highway '' and `` wind chime '' one . 3 . the ambient light be so bright , even when it be on the `` dimmer '' mode . it be so intense in a darkened room that i have to buy some tinted tape to put over the lead number , just so i could sleep at night . -lrb- i be one of those people that be highly sensitive to ambient light in my room at night . probably more so than other -rrb- . i also notice that the ambient light seep out of the seam of the plastic on the top and back . 4 . even on the quietest setting , it be still too loud for i to fall asleep to . i have to put duct tape over the speaker to make it quieter . 5 . once you set you sound and volume level to fall asleep to , you have to wake up to that sound level , too . for example , i may want to fall asleep to the gentle sound of `` rainforest '' on level 1 -lrb- nice and gentle sound lull i to sleep -rrb- . well , my only choice be to wake up to a select sound on level 1 as well - which be way too quiet to rouse i from sleep ! the only other option be to select `` buzzer '' which i hate . -lrb- i do not do buzzer alarm - much too aggressive way to wake up . -rrb- in short , i do not recommend this clock as a alarm . it would be great in a office as a quiet background noise maker . but then , why would you pay $ 30 + for that , when you can buy something much cheaper that do the same thing ?? i wish i would have have the option to return it , but i do not buy it directly from sharper image ; and frankly , i be determine to enjoy this fancy alarm clock . one and only positive : very easy to set the clock time and alarm time . bottom line : not recommend .
922	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i receive this clock a few day late because amazon choose to ship this the cheapest possible way which be usps instead of ups or fedex . i be suppose to receive this 2 day with my prime membership and receive it 4 day later instead . so much for my membership benefit ! this clock display could not be view from a straight on view . the only way i could read the display be look at it almost from directly above or from a side view angle . also , when i push the blue backlight display button , i could not see anything , but blue . this be defective and i be return it for another try .
914	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the snooze and light feature do not work on darth vader , no matter how much i push he head . i 'll have to return it for a warranty check . have anyone else have this problem ? edit : amazon have be very helpful with the warranty .
370	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i be hope it work ... i be not that demand . it do not work and still doesnt . it be just too cheaply make
819	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock work just fine . i want another alarm that feature soothing sound . i should have read the review before i purchase this though , the clock light be way to bright even on the dimmest setting . always read the customer review , : -rrb-
595	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the idea of how the product should work be good . however the product come defective , there be no sound available from the speaker . neither , the alarm or the radio would produce any sound . the product be no longer available from amazon . still wait for refund .
204	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this be a very cheaply make clock . the back light on mine do not work . it do tell time though and the alarm seem to work ok .
366	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the first photo that be list for this item be not what i receive . the subsequent picture -lrb- which i have assume be customer upload of `` similar '' clock -rrb- be of the product actually receive . the price be fair for a small alarm clock but it should be note it be not retro like the photo suggest . the outer design -lrb- top button and foot -rrb- be the same but the face look entirely different and far more modern that what i have expect .
635	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the alarm on this clock never get loud and sometimes do not even work at all . where do the c cell go that you state be require ? it take 3 aa cell . sorry i purchase this clock .
425	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it work only once when receive it . next day take it on trip and do not work since then . the lead light do not work -lrb- can not read time in the dark -rrb- and the alarm do not work either . give one star due to the credit that it be still at least display the time .
643	AlarmClock	NEG	2	where to start . no warranty , no instruction . would not set time automatically . focus knob simply rotate ; do not focus . without instruction be difficult to set up . worth maybe $ 10 for the projection , no more . overall , cheap , cheap , cheap . poor example for lacrosse ; will avoid they from now on . very disappointed ,
53	AlarmClock	NEG	1	in the past several month , it have steadly lose time . i do not like the fact that you can not reset the time . i have several other automatic -lrb- atomic -rrb- clock and they work fine . i be go to trash this one , i would not even donate it to a thrift store because of its inaccuracy .
601	AlarmClock	NEG	2	clock be small . keep good time . the problem i do have with this clock be the alarm be not loud enough . the alarm hand be almost as big as the second hand so if you look at it during the night -lrb- and that light be a joke -rrb- you can get confuse . i would say do not waste you money . get a better clock .
132	AlarmClock	NEG	2	well , i really hope it would work out with this clock , because i have covet it for some time . despite the mixed review , i finally decide to give it a chance when i get a gift card to amazon for christmas . unfortunately , i be have to send it back . as other people have say , the color be much brighter than the picture -lrb- the pink be the same hue as in the photo , but it be a much more saturated version - a bit more bubblegum than salmon -rrb- , and there be silver around the bottom instead of the white in the pic . neither of those thing bother i - the clock be still quite cute in person . unfortunately , i do not realize that the face be always light and you can not adjust the brightness . similarly , the audio part of the alarm be super loud and non-adjustable . but the main reason i return it be that it just never seem to work properly - sometimes the audio alarm would go off without the light part flash first , sometimes both would happen at the same time , and sometimes the light would flash but the audio would not ever come on . if i be just look for a cute clock to have in the living room and do not want to use it as a alarm clock , i definitely would have keep it despite its flaw . but for my purpose , it be just not a match .
417	AlarmClock	NEG	1	clock automatically set to correct time . neat . also very bright led . but it be difficult to turn off alarm in the morning . the large snooze button work , so if you be a person that hit the snooze button 4 time at seven minute interval to turn off a alarm , you will like this product . the small on-off switch be on the back of the clock , in the middle of the other button to set the time . this on-off switch be also hard to move . acurite customer service confirm my observation and complaint . it be hard to believe that any one who design or engineer this product ever use it . i can not recommend this product as a alarm clock . it would be fine as a large letter , see in the dark , non-alarm clock .
804	AlarmClock	NEG	2	perhaps i be the only one who have to change battery every four week ? cool clock , but i would like to see longer battery life . must be a wookie inside play video game , the way this thing drain battery . i be tired of it . gonna let the damn thing sit on a shelf with no life in it .
62	AlarmClock	NEG	2	as other have say , the best thing about this clock be that i be able to see the huge number without my glass . it be also nice that the time be automatically set out of the box . i do find the number to be a bit too bright though . the real problem be that on arrival i notice the number on the clock be flicker a bit . not too badly at first , but definitely noticeable . in the middle of the night , the clock wake i up by make a high pitched whining noise . i pull the plug and return it the next day . at least the return be easy , and i buy a different clock that i end up liking better .
488	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have always be a huge fan of product make by sharper image because of they product ' high quality and sleek look . before purchase this clock , i read the review both on amazon.com and on the sharper image website . base on the review , i be optimistic and willing to forgive the clock 's few design flaw that other note . i think that perhaps the critic be be , well , too critical . however , after use this clock every night for 2 month , it be clear this sound soother\/alarm clock definitely fall short for 3 reason : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the clock look great online and on the packaging , but , in person , it actually look and feel cheap . i would totally be willing to overlook the cheapness if not for the next 2 reason . -lrb- 2 -rrb- i can not believe this clock do not have a `` off '' switch for the backlight . the backlight -- even on the lowest setting -- be so bright that we have to put a towel over the clock to keep the room dark . the difference between the hi\/med\/lo setting be also totally minimal , which actually make no difference to i because i just want it off . i have buy $ 10 digital clock at target that be better design than this -- and actually have a on\/off backlight option . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the volume on this clock be unbelievably horrible . the lowest setting , level 1 , be loud . then , level 2 jump up like 50 notch to beyond loud . level 3 and above be simply obnoxious -- i can not believe anyone can actually sleep with so much noise . even level 2 be definitely not soothing , it be grate , and after a few minute begin to hurt we ear . we actually have to put the clock in the closet and leave the closet door slightly ajar just to find a volume level between 1 and 2 that be a happy medium . the entire process of go to bed each night have get a little ridiculous , have to put the sound soother in a closet to find a please volume , then cover it up so the light do not leak through . i try to focus on the clock 's positive , though , which include have a bunch of sound to choose from in the first place . -lrb- although , let 's face it , people generally gravitate toward a few similar sound , and for we that be the most benign sound of `` white noise '' and one of the babble brook or rain setting . -rrb- also , i do not hear `` break '' in the sound soother , nor restart to the sound loop , as i have read in reviews\/complaints of other sound soother product feature on amazon.com . so those be a few positive with this product . but i expect more from sharper image . we still have a awesome sharper image sound soother\/alarm clock\/cd player from about 6-8 -lrb- ? -rrb- year ago . that clock be high quality , well make , and the sound quality\/volume be absolutely fabulous . after all this time , it still work , no problem . we have it in we 3-year-old 's room , and it be be great : a button for the backlight , volume range from super soft to super loud and everything in between , and excellent variety of sound . i wish i have a second one ! so , i be hope to receive the same performance from this product . instead , i 'll just have to store it away in the closet -lrb- craigslist ? -rrb- and continue my search .
265	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the clock flash a frightening red color when it go off in the morning-first surprise . then the battery die , so i replace they , but after two day the backlight stop work , the number fade to the point where i could barely see they , and the volume become so low i could barely hear it .
151	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the concept of this alarm clock be a great idea . the exterior of the product be attractively style too . however , i receive a defective clock . the minute hand would not change the time on the clock . so i could not even set the time or alarm on this clock . the button on the clock be too small also .
544	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i have read the review about this elgin travel alarm clock , but it be cheap enough i think i would give it a try inspite of the review . plus it be cheap enough that if it do not work , i would have spend more time and money to send it back so i have decide in advance to live with it and chalk it up to a lesson learn . besides , i have a similar model make by timex that last a long time . question : where have timex go ? so now , i will live with it but i will warn other ! as soon as i put the battery in , i find out the light do not work . i buy this model specifically for the light ! do not waste your money !
880	AlarmClock	NEG	1	after read all the positive review on this clock , and because it be make by elgin , i decide to purchase it . the first one we receive run 15 minute slow every 24 hour , so i go to the trouble of call , repackage and return it to amazon for a replacement . the second clock work perfectly for all of a month , and then just stop work all together . i think it have run the battery out because of the night glow feature -lrb- which we keep at the lowest setting -rrb- , so i change the battery but that be not the problem -- the clock be simply dead . i be incredibly disappoint . and due to the fact that i do not immediately write into amazon to return the second clock , now i find that my `` return window '' have close and i can not get my money back . somehow that just do not sit well with i at all . obviously , this clock have problem . consequently , i vehemently recommend that you do not purchase this clock . i wish we could use a cord clock , but we power go out often enough to make it impossible , which be why i choose a battery operate clock in the first place . this clock be not the victim of rough handling -lrb- on we end , anyway -rrb- , and be never knock off the nightstand or drop , etc. . it just sit there undisturbed until it arbitrarily stop work altogether . unhappy amazon customer .
347	AlarmClock	NEG	1	while i choose this clock for it be look , i still want a good clock to use as a alarm clock . the clock be very flimsy , and be easy to knock over . also the alarm would not wake anyone up .
496	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this item be a waste of time and money . the light didnt even work and the sound of the alarm be too low .
912	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i want a small modern alarm clock for my nightstand . i love the look of the kikkerland and decide to purchase . i can not set the clock to the proper time . it bounce back between the 12 hour format and the 24hour format and give you random time for both the alarm and the time of day . this one time i wish i have save my shipping material so that i could have return it .
685	AlarmClock	NEG	1	do not buy as a sleep sound device . it look nice and have dual alarm , but that be about it . the sleep sound be not realistic and be only short little loop . you will be more agitate than relax as you listen to the little short loop over and over .
893	AlarmClock	NEG	2	receive the westclox travelmate today , and just print the return label . the face light do not illuminate ; am\/pm do not appear on the face ; the alarm be barely discernable , and yes ... my hearing be excellent . cheap , cheap , cheap . the designer need to go back to the draw board .
641	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy two of these chaney instruments digital alarm clock to replace we old one . the new one be pretty , have large easily visible number and change for daylight saving time easily . unfortunately the clock have a serious design flaw . the little vent for the alarm speaker be on the bottom of the clock . with the clock set flat on a night stand the sound of the alarm be so weak it can hardly be hear . really , it be so anemic i have to hold the clock up to my ear to hear it . in fact , i set my clock to go off this morning as a test . the alarm do not wake i up . one might think the moron who design these clock could have guess that put the alarm vent in a spot where it be cover up be not a good idea . i see some complaint about this problem with a weak alarm sound in the review , but think they might be exaggerate . they be not . this thing be a dud as a alarm clock . you would be better off buy a rooster . at least you could hear the crow in the morning .
304	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have be look for a inexpensive cd clock radio with a headphone jack and think i have find one . i be very disappointed when i open the box and could not find the headphone jack anywhere . there be no headphone jack show on the owner 's manual include in the box . the box state a headphone jack but there be no jack on this unit . i return this to amazon and order the phillips aj3950 . if you be look for a cd clock radio to use headphone with , i would not purchase this coby model . i like the design but without a headphone jack i can not use it .
583	AlarmClock	NEG	1	elgin be a famous name in clock . this clock be a embarrassment to the brand . it still provide the old fashion time of day , i.e. , the hour and minute hand work . but the alarm simply do not work . for two or three day it be fine . but then it stop get louder , and now when the faint alarm sound go on , it stay on for only seconds before go off all by itself . unless you have it next to you ear , you will not hear the faint sound in any case . and if you be depend on a clock to get you up on time , this be not the one . there be just too few choice of traditional analog alarm now available , and it be a mistake to buy this one .
577	AlarmClock	NEG	2	unlike some of the other reviewer , my clock seem to keep perfect time . i have have it for several month now and it do not seem to drift . however , if you actually want to be able to see what time it be you really do not want this clock . in order to see the lcd 's , you need to be look down on the clock from almost directly above it ; there be a very narrow view angle . you would think that angle would be more nearly face-on , but that be not the case . the backlight do not help . if you be look for a good travel alarm , i would say `` keep look '' .
513	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the tip of the nose be break off . it be a fun birthday present -lrb- for a adult -rrb- so when it be notice we agree to fix the damage brown spot with a dab of nail polish . it be very obvious and should have either be package better , or notice before be mail . otherwise it be fine .
938	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i buy this product because it come up when i search for alarm clock for heavy sleeper , this thing be so quite that it do not even begin to wake i up . i be go to return it as soon as possible . the one good thing be that yes you can see the display from a good distance .
135	AlarmClock	NEG	1	constant hum that increase as the backlight setting be increase , but even at the lowest of the three backlight setting , the hum be too loud it do not vary with the volume setting . in any case , at my bedside at night , this be the last thing i need , as it prevent i from sleep i agree with other who write the audio loop be not of sufficient quality . it would cost the manufacturer only a bit more to install higher capacity memory circuit to provide more decent audio . iregret have buy this product .
416	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock be innacurate and problematic throughout its brief life , and then it have a stroke , and then it die .
353	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy this item for my boyfriend who be a big time star wars fan . when i receieve this item i be dissapoint to find that although i pay for a new item , the one i receieve be cleary used . it have visible scratch on it even though it be in a protective box . also the neck of the clock be white unlike the rest of the body and face , it stand out and look very odd . overall unhappy and plan on return this item .
677	AlarmClock	NEG	1	arrive in the box break . alarm do not go off and the second hand skip back a second every minute or two cause it to be off by hour within a single day . i will be return this item .
20	AlarmClock	NEG	2	yup , you can have the alarm go off -lrb- or not -rrb- at different time on different day of the week . definitely cool and much appreciate . pity it have so many limitation . 1 -rrb- a analog tuner , and a hard to use one at that . one small dial be all you get . if you must go analog at least give we better sensitivity . tuning be hard , and seem to drift over time . 2 -rrb- too make that worse the antenna be in the not very long power cord . this mean you can not exactly move the antenna around to help get a better signal , and as the tuner be crappy this compound it . 3 -rrb- sound quality be average at best . you can not expect much from something this small , but its worse than we previous alarm which be no better . really crackly high and almost no bass . 4 -rrb- the volume control be bias really high for a alarm clock . i have it set to next to nothing and it be still plenty loud for listen to during the day . 5 -rrb- the time display be awful . dark green on a bright green background . lack in contrast and too small so it be really hard to read any time of day or night . decent display have be around , and cheap , for age so screw this up be really sad . so , average sound , the two simplest control -lrb- tuner and volume -rrb- be do badly , and the display suck . still sure you want this ?
872	AlarmClock	NEG	1	... otherwise this be the worst example of assembly i have ever see . when i get my elgin 3675e clock , the dial face be attach wrong , skewed about 20 degree clockwise . the number 12 be where 1 should be , 1 be live in 2 's home , 3 be at the 4 o'clock position and so on . the amazon description say the clock use 2 `` c '' battery , so i buy some . the clock use 3 `` aa '' battery ! so , silly i , i think i could live with the clock and its crooked face because of the automatic night-light feature -- which work perfectly by the way . but on 3 fresh battery it lose time . about 15 minute per hour . i can watch the sweep second hand stop and start as it run . i want my money back !
884	AlarmClock	NEG	1	mine break day two . on day one , it do not keep time for a while but later on in the day , after reset time , it keep time okay . on day two , it only backlit a slight amount and i could not see the display -lrb- time number -rrb- . use brand new out of the pack battery .
286	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock be a joke . they say it update with atomic clock . what they do not tell you be that it only do it every 2-3 day . so there go the whole big deal about it set itself or be accurate . if you need to replace the battery it will be day before you have the right time again . also no manual and no toll free telephone number mean i spend more on long distance call to find out why the clock be not work than what i originally pay for the clock . and the people at equity time usa give the word rude a whole new definition . the first customer person service person actually hang up on i because she be confuse . all and all stick with the clock you already have on you wall , i wish i would have .
228	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i do not know why this say that it be so loud ... it really be not . i be kind of disappointed . i buy it for a friend who be a deep sleeper , and be hope to wake the dead with the sound , but the alarm my husband buy at wal mart for $ 9.99 be about 3x louder . i think the only reason someone would want this be for the bed shaker attachment ... but definitely not the alarm tone ... it be annoy ... but not too loud . i think my phone ring louder than this .
930	AlarmClock	NEG	1	these clock be very nice look , but they function leave a lot to be desire . i purchase two of these . one in blue and one in yellow . so far the blue clock be still work . the yellow clock have to be return . quality control be abysmal . the dial light in the yellow clock randomly stop working . i buy this clock to use at night for a easy way to check the time in the dark . when the dial illumination fail , the only way to restore it be to unplug the clock then plug it back in again . this restore the dial light until the next time it fail . turn the dial light switch off and on again do not restore the light . the problem get progressively worse . after the dial light be restore by pull the plug , it would take several day before it fail again . now it can fail again in a matter of minute . very poor quality .
307	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i need a small clock for my bathroom so i could keep track of the time in the morning while i put my makeup on . and this nice look little clock be perfectly fine for about 3 month . then i notice that i always happen to look at the clock when it be 8:32 . i think that be a pretty funny coincidence until i realize that the clock be just stick at 8:32 . you can see that it be try - the second hand attempt to keep tick , but something be hold it back ... fear ? anxiety ? well , whatever the reason , this little clock just will not get go . and apparently i can not return it . do not buy it . save yourself the aggravation and the possibility of be extremely late for work .
616	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i have to give this one star in order to write the review ... i think this would be a really nice clock for bedside base on the listing and review ... when it arrive i follow exact simple instruction , and it never so much as tick a tock . send it right back , bitterly disappointed . phooey on this item !
181	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i get this clock last week . i need a quiet clock for my bed headboard and this sound like it . i be also interested in one that be dark till you push a button to illuminate it . this be suppose to fit the bill but do not . the thing arrive in perfect packaging and look fine -lrb- no damage -rrb- i add a battery and see that it start run -lrb- sweeping second hand -rrb- . so then i try the light and there be nothing . i notice that the switch on back could be set to utilize the light sensor on top so i try that . still nothing . then i notice that the clock stop run . a light tap cause it to start run again . i open the battery compartment and rotate the battery a few time , in hope that would clean off some of the contact oxidation . it seem to do the job . i would have return this thing but it seem to keep pretty good time so i be test its accuracy to see if it will make a good desk clock for work . if that play out , i do not need the light function there so i 'll just use it as be .
188	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy this for my husband 's desk at work . i want to get he a inexpensive and small frame that he could see picture of we daughter . he love it . it work great for the first few month and then it stop work completely . he be good with electronics and computer , and could not figure out why it would not work anymore . waste of money in the end .
529	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the first user review i read be right on the money . i use this device to muffle street noise at night . there be only a couple of setting that make wave or white noise sound for sleep and those be very short loop . there be repetitive , distracting sound that can keep you wide awake . the rest of the choice have sound effect that be not condusive to sleep . such as chirp bird , fog horn , cricket , etc. . the lowest volume be bearly audible and the second to lowest be quite loud . this be the second soother i purchase from sharper image , the first nearly 20 year ago . i have to admit the older model be much better . the volume control be a slide so you can set it appropriately for tthe environment and the ocean wave sound lull i to sleep instantly . over the year price have more than double and the product quality have slip . if it aus not break , do not fix it !!!
406	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this piece of junk be 5 min slow when i first switch it on , and the thermometer be out by about 10  c. i think new battery might fix it , and all it do be reset it to 12:00 jan 1 2008 . with no way to tell it the right date and time it be effectively a pile of junk that be not even a good paperweight . avoid .
969	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i buy this clock so that i could see the time in the dark . since i can not always reach or find the thing , i need it to be permanently back light and that be why i buy it . anyway , i guess that be my mistake and so this thing be useless to i .
542	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy this to replace my 10-year old casio travel alarm . the `` nap timer '' feature look useful . unfortunatley the alarm in this thing be very soft , no louder than the alarm on my wristwatch . i can not use it , i sleep through it every time . not recommend .
273	AlarmClock	NEG	1	who care about what it look like , the whole purpose of a alarm clock be to make sure you wake up on time . this alarm be not loud enough for heavy sleeper like i . i try use this a couple of time and both time i end up not hear it , oversleep , and be late for my college class . which , btw , seriously tick i off . i buy it because another reviewer have say the alarm be loud ... sorry , but it be not . it now sit unused in my desk drawer . total waste of money .
321	AlarmClock	NEG	1	my timex indiglow travel alarm finally die , so i buy this elgin clock specifically because it have the blue light feature . i need to be able to hit the sleep-button and see the time at night . right out of the box , everything work except the blue light . i will be return it for a refund . amazon be great ! crap make in china be not !!
786	AlarmClock	NEG	1	ok so we receive this product last week and be immediately disappoint . the silver face plate be hold on by two little clip on each end . it be lay in the box and would not stay on the machine . we plug it in and start go through the sound . we find the rain and let it play for a little bit , then the thunderstorm , then rainforest and so on ... because when play the rain it sound like a very short clip . turn out all of these clip be 10 seconds ! how in the world be that suppose to be relax ? listen to the same 10 second clip over and over again ? it be so aggrivating . and the clip be not even great clip to begin with . we be send this back . horrible product . wish i have not waste we time and money on this .  the sharper image ec-b100 sound soother alarm clock
722	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock be very cute , and i like see it on my bedside stand . but i be very near-sighted and during the night , without my glass , i can barely see the face in order to tell the time , unless i have it about six inch away ; the backlighting be rather pathetic . in addition , there should be more distinction between the minute and hour hand , as even with glass on during day it can be difficult to tell whether it be 10:12 or 1:40 ! finally , the light do not wake i up - it might have if the room have be dark . the alarm terrify both my cat , right off the bed . so i try cover the alarm with small pillow , and sleep through it . part of the problem be that i be wear earplug , but i wish there be a way to adjust the loudness of the alarm . i be really disappointed , and would reiterate that the clock need brighter backlight , or a adjustable brightness feature , and one of the hand need to be thicker to distinguish between they . i 'll keep , but not happy about it .
567	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this alarm clock be easy to use and set up . it have a large time read out . the biggest draw back be the soft alarm . it need need to be much louder .
915	AlarmClock	NEG	2	ok . . i love the footprint of this . fairly small and unobtrusive . have a nice look to it . have a very large library of `` relax '' sound . those be the pro 's ... here come the con . while this clock\/radio have a large library of `` relax '' sound they be all on 3 to 5 second loop . in other word , the cricket or frog or foghorn or whatever repeat themselves over and over and over . this be anything but relaxing . . in my opinion it be the opposite of relaxing . . it be pretty irritating . i have have sound machine radio in the past that at least have 30 second loop which be still too short but not nearly as bad as this machine . the display ... omg it be bright . . it be like a freak blue streetlight in a completely dark room . it come with a 3 position brightness control but there be very little difference between the setting . while i love the concept of this clock\/radio it fall way short of be practical . i will be return mine in the next couple day and continue my search for a well design replacement .
210	AlarmClock	NEG	2	my wife and i live in the midwest ; in the winter the sun do not come up until well after 8:00 am . we have a tough time get up , and think a dawn simulator might do the trick . long story short , this one do not . in fairness , i have to give this model 2 star -- but only from a ease-of-use standpoint . it be very easy to master , technically speak . but in term of functionality , this thing be a stinker . the `` dawn simulator '' only emit 96 lumen of light -lrb- less than a quarter of what be produce by a forty watt lightbulb -rrb- . my wife and i be not `` gently awaken '' by such a paltry little light -lrb- just roll away from it , and it be effectively not even there -rrb- , so we awake to the jarring sound of the buzzer every morning . the light be so weak , in fact , that it be not even enough to keep we awake ! in addition , the digital clock display be so bright that i have to fall asleep face away from it -- it actually cast shadow on the wall ! what a shame that the extra intensity could not have go into the main light ... for those with sad -lrb- or who just can not seem to wake up on winter day -rrb- , i would strongly advise you to purchase a different product . this one just do not do the trick .
596	AlarmClock	NEG	1	do not buy ! i buy this item for my daughter to use in she room and do not want to spend a lot for she first cd player \/ alarm clock . the first obvious problem be the opening hatch on the top , which be very cheaply make and i could see break easily . the big problem be that the cd player do not work at all , just make a buzz sound and then silence . have to return right away .
180	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have never take the time to make a review but must say great design , great option -lrb- 2 alarm -rrb- , everything great except one big thing ! i read this problem before i buy this & took a chance anyway . when you listen to the nature sound , any one ! about 30 minute in you fall asleep then wake up to a very loud pop almost like a shooting noise . picture feel relaxed & falling asleep to soft nature sound ... then wake up to almost like popping popcorn right next to your ear !! it wake my husband & i up , it be so loud we scream ! you think we would learn the 1st time we try a different nature sound -lrb- think it be just that song recording -rrb- the next night & it happen again . both times it does not happen for about 30 minute to a hour , so by then we be sleep ! really this be the perfect clock if it do not have this issue . i do not know how this get out on the market ! how did it pass inspection !
360	AlarmClock	NEG	1	hus i buy the alarm clock online and when i receive it i realize that first at night if you want ot see the time and you press the snooz button the clock will show the alarm time and you have to press it again to see the time and at night this get very anoyying . second the alarm sound be very low beep with pause that can hardly be hear , my advice do not even waste one dollar on this alarm clock . thank you
701	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have this same bird clock for many year . when it accidentally fall off my nightstand and break , i decide to buy the exact same clock since i be so pleased with it in the past . however , it be not the same , and not just in appearance . this one , though it look similar , be more cheaply make . compare in weight , it be must lighter and more `` plastic '' look . the case on my previous bird clock be a silver color , whereby this one be a dark gray lightweight plastic . to advance time or alarm time , you can not just hold the button down to scroll to the desire hour or minute . you now have to hit the button individually for each hour or minute desire . so the price have remain the same , but the quality have deteriorate .
223	AlarmClock	NEG	2	my wife have want one of these for year and finally get one for christmas . within a day it have lose 5 minute . the alarm time -lrb- as note in other review -rrb- be only a approximation . carefully set for 7:00 , it buzz somewhere between 6:45 and 7:15 , and not consistantly . the alarm light do not work . who perform quality control on this thing ? we 'll be send this one back for replacement in hope this example be a lemon . my biggest complaint be the clock come with a big warning sticker tell you the setting knob -lrb- both time and alarm -rrb- must only be turn one way , as indicate by the arrow on the back , to avoid damage the mechanism . i do not know about you , but none of my old analog clock require you to turn the hand one way only . in addition , i be just lazy enough to want to reach around the clock and turn the adjustment knob without look at they . gosh , i sure hope i do not inadvertantly spin they the wrong way and wreck the clock ... especially at this price . i note this clock be make in china and feel cheaply make . dave update : we have have the replacement clock for about 2 month now , and it be acceptably accurate . i have upgrade this review to 2 star as the clock still retain the cheap feel and restrictive alarm setting requirement ; but more important , this have a most annoying alarm . for a clock design to sooth you awake , this one make you grind you tooth . my wife use another clock as she alarm , but keep this one on the nightstand because she like the `` retro '' look . still only two star , but that be a 100 % improvement over my initial assessment .
8	AlarmClock	NEG	2	when i find this while search for a alarm clock i be really impressed . a attractive look lcd picture frame with mp3 & alarm clock for less then many regular clock , what a deal ! when i open it i be much less impressed . first off , even though i use a ruler to try to visualize the size of a 3.5 '' screen , once i open the package and place it on my nightstand it just look tiny . then i try to use and within 10 minute i decide to return it . as a picture frame that you would put on you desk at work , maybe it be not too bad . even though the screen be small , in just picture mode it be not terrible . the screen be clear & bright , and the resolution be pretty good for what it be . but as a alarm clock it be terrible . you have 3 mode to display the time : a rendering of a analog clock -lrb- that only use 1\/2 of the screen so it be microscopic -rrb- , a full month calendar mode , and a clock\/date readout with a thumbnail photo . to look at the picture show in the amazon description they all look pretty good -lrb- magnify on my 22 '' computer monitor -rrb- . but in reality , on such a small screen you need magnify glass to read the time in any mode . then i try to set the alarm . you have to go through 2 sub-menu and scroll down through 10 different option to set it . and push the completely non-intuitive button require quite a bit of force and they make a rather loud -lrb- low quality -rrb- click sound that will wake the kid in the next room . for instance , if you want to change the time from 6:30 to 7:15 literally take a few a minute because you have to hit the button like 30 time to get into the menu and scroll down to where you set it , then once for the hour and 45 time to change the minute -lrb- hold the button down do not let you scroll through the number -rrb- . in addition , it also display the indoor temperature and even though i let it sit on the nightstand for several hour it always read 10 degree higher then the actual temperature . to sum it up : as a cheap digital frame ; good as a alarm clock ; bad
900	AlarmClock	NEG	2	my biggest problem with this clock be the snooze button . it be relatively small , so i have to really wake up to find it . then , it only snooze for four minute ! i want to snooze for nine . i do not care for the back light - two small light from the side rather than the soft blue glow behind the time that i be use to . this clock will work in a pinch , but i be definitely go to have to find a better clock .
86	AlarmClock	NEG	1	bery bad quality plus every 12 hour5 it delay 2 hour something terrible i never see a watch loke that
182	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it only snooze 4 time . after that , it just do not wake up again . defeat the entire purpose of the device .
976	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it be so small it do not bother i at all . if light really really bother you this may work . it be a lot of money for very little product . i now have a biobrite with white noise . i wish the biobrite have a radio instead of a beep backup , but i be not asleep by then anyway since the light have wake i up .
723	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the soleil sun alarm clock do work . the light do turn on slowly , simulate a sunrise , and that do help i wake up . however , the quality of this piece be so disappointing , and i do feel take advantage of , because of the price . the radio in this unit be the cheapest they could get away with . the sound quality be poor , not even in stereo . the body be cheap plastic , and mine even have a blemish on the surface . the control be small and require patience to manipulate . and the light itself do not get all that bright . once the irritating-scratchy-mono-poorly-tuned radio wake i up , i also have to turn on another light in my room to really stay awake . i get this unit because it be the least expensive one i could find . it do help help i to wake up because of the light , but i still feel bitter that i have to pay that big of a price for such a poor quality unit . it be as if the soleil sun company be sit in they office say to themselves , `` eat my shorts ! we know there be nothing out there that be cheaper , so nyah-nyah ! ''
549	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this be very cheaply make portable alarm clock . feel like a fake toy in you hand . i order mine , and right out of the box , the light function would not work . return it back to amazon for a refund . can you guess where be it make in ? no brainer .
63	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i do a lot of research on amazon by read review before i buy this clock . i feel mislead by all the five star review this clock get . it be cheaply make , the battery cover seem like it would break easily . i work ok but the light be way to dim to read the clock at night . a disappointment and not worth eight dollar .
392	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i wish i could have shop for this kind of item in person so you could see how big , how bright , generally how it work . the light itself do not wake you . the beeping alarm -lrb- or radio -rrb- wake you . in no way should this product be advertise as `` a exciting new way to start the day . '' the total effect of this item be when you wake up to you alarm , there be a low watt bedside light on in you dark room . that be it . ok , so you do not sense the light come on because it be gradual ... but the end result be not impressive . even at the peak of the `` sunrise , '' it do not light up the room or make you believe you be wake up to light . do not seem like the technology in this product be complex enough to warrant the price . i buy a timer for my bedside lamp for $ 5.99 at my local hardware and will see how it compare . on the plus side , shipping be speedy and it arrive ahead of schedule . i buy it through amazon.com so i could possibly read review and have some confidence about ease of return . amazon 's list price , new , be $ 77 compare to the soleil website 's listing of $ 165 , which be a laughable price point for what this be .
310	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i buy this product because of the selection of sound it offer , have listen to the sample provide online . however , the main reason for purchase be as a white noise machine for my night 's sleep . i think it be a good plus that it also come with a alarm clock . while i do appreciate the functionality that you could set the alarm for any sound you wish -lrb- go to sleep with white noise but wake up with wind chime -rrb- , i be dissatisfy with the sound quality of the white noise or the brightness of the display . i could discern the loop in the white noise - it be not continuous or smooth . in fact , i get one of the most restless night of sleep use this machine . overall , if you be look for a sound machine with lot of interesting noise , this be for you . if you be look for a white noise machine this be not for you .
881	AlarmClock	NEG	1	well the radio work fine , and the clock seem to work . the cd player would not work at all . yea i set the alarm to wake up to a cd and the alarm turn the radio on but the cd never play . and no it be not a burn cd . it be a original .
88	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i be glad i find this little clock on amazon , because it seem to be exactly what i be look for . elgin be a reputable name in timepiece . unfortunately , the clock gain about 15 minute every five hour ! i test it more than once . i be so disappointed . have to return it . still look for something like it . i need something simple , folding , battery-operated , a clock that can keep accurate time -lrb- ! -rrb- and with a light that come on when press . unfortunately , it be not to be with this one . i do not usually write review , but feel obligate to report my recent experience with this model .
330	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i purchase this clock as a replacement for a older timex travel alarm clock that i lose . while this model function on a basic level , it be disappointing overall . as another reviewer mention , this clock gain time quickly . after just a couple of day it will be minute ahead of the actual time . if you only use the clock for weekend trip this probably will not be much of a inconvenience , but for longer trip or regular use at home , this be a bit of a nuisance . i can honestly say that in my entire life i have never have any clock , watch , or other appliance so poor at keep the correct time . i have also be disappoint with the quality of the indiglo backlight on this clock . on my last travel alarm , as well as my indiglo watch , the indiglo backlight be bright and make the character easy to read in the dark . however , on this clock the indiglo backlight be feeble by comparison . it be just bright enough to qualify as usable , but if you eyesight be not great the combination of the weak backlight and the fact that you probably be not wear contact or glass in the middle of the night may make this clock difficult for you to read . as far as the user interface be concern , the time display be very large , but other on-screen item , such as the `` alarm on '' indicator , be not necessarily obvious by a quick glance at the display . the indiglo button , as you can see in the picture , be in the middle of the face of the unit . my last travel alarm place this button on the top of the unit . if you can imagine try to illuminate you clock in a pitch dark room , you can probably guess which location be more convenient . fortunately , all the button you need to set the clock be easily located on the lower half of the face of the unit . for set the time\/alarm the clock have a pair of up\/down button that move the time in one -lrb- if you press and release -rrb- or 15 -lrb- if you hold -rrb- minute increment . this be particularly useful for make small time adjustment backwards . overall i have be very disappoint with this clock . it lack some of the ease-of-use feature i be use to , and it suffer from poor craftsmanship . it be relatively inexpensive and it have not technically break , but if i could go back in time i would most certainly purchase a different travel alarm .
691	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i own one fo these clock , and i be shop for a new one . this clock just be not bright enough to illuminate my room properly . i dont ` wake up . : - -lrb-
354	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the alarm function on the new cd alarm clock which i receive do not function . that be the entire purpose of the purchase .
977	AlarmClock	NEG	1	what good be a clock radio that do not keep time . this piece of junk be recieve on friday and send back on monday . during the weekend , i set the time three time and within 5 to 6 hour the clock revert to the initial setting , and the radio preset be also lose .
195	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i really want to like this clock - totally silent , great feature set include the very dim auto lighting and brighter manual light , good volume control , etc. . unfortunately , the clock just stop for minute or hour at a time 1 month -lrb- literally the day i could not return it anymore -rrb- after i buy it . $ 10 waste since i can not count on it be accurate . example - it be run now , and i set it yesterday , but it currently say 9:43 at 9:50 , the other day , it stop for 2 hour and restart , so it be not like there be even a clear pattern . -lrb- yes , it have new battery . -rrb- why oh why do not anyone make a silent , well-lit , adjustable alarm that be quality ? seriously , i would pay $ 50 + for a good one .
211	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i be excite when i find this sound machine and could not wait to get it , but there be significant problem . the display be very bright , but hard to read unless you be face the clock directly . i prefer the rain selection , but level 1 be too quiet and level 2 be really loud . i have try put it further away , but then i can not see or reach the clock . several time , the sound switch to bird during the night and i wake up wonder what be happen . the positive be that it be easy to use and compact in size .
985	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this be a great idea , if this kind of thing work for you . might not work for everyone , though . the problem here be that this be a cheap -lrb- and poorly design -rrb- clock radio with a lightbulb . for that , you pay a ton of money . if this be $ 20 - $ 30 , it would be fine ... but for the price , you would expect more . the button be small and hard to use . it never get terribly bright , although i guess you could read by it -lrb- the wife do , although she use to just use a flashlight ! -rrb- . but there be something nice about get up with that even increase light ...
232	AlarmClock	NEG	1	product failure . never work correctly . the clock work but would never reset from pacific time zone to eastern time zone . try everything we could but could never get it to move off of pacific time .
607	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i purchase this clock after read so many great review . after unpack the clock i be horrify to see 10 o'clock at the top of the dial where 12 o'clock should be . horrible , cheap , junk . do not buy .
539	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i be extremely disappoint with this product . the overall workmanship appear cheap . the radio be a lousy receiver . the timer be difficult to set , so i sometimes see the ` sunrise ' in the evening . the bulb burn out way too soon , except for be past the expiration of the return date .
608	AlarmClock	NEG	1	do not expect this to last more than 1 year . the digital display be so bright that it hurt to look at it if you wake up and want to see the time . but the bottom line , it do not work after about 9 month . i only give it 1 star because i have to .
420	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this clock be disappointing for $ 50 . it look larger online than actual . it be difficult to set the alarm without hold onto it with both hand because it be so small and lightweight . the sound quality be lack . when the alarm be set to sound which need to have the volume up , there be no way to play the sound while you fall asleep unless you like it loud and no timer . i have always be impress with sharper image product until now .
116	AlarmClock	NEG	2	. . probably not a good choice for a sound sleeper . the alarm on this clock be not very loud . i measure it at 75 db at a distance of 1 foot from the alarm -lrb- use  the sound meter  this would be forgivable if the alarm be persistent , but it shut off after one 1 minute of operation . the light be ineffective ; you will not be able to read the time on this clock in a dark room without a external light source . in addition , this alarm use a 1.5 v button style battery , a form factor that might be hard to locate in a pinch should it run out on the road . avoid if the user be a heavy sleeper ! better than no alarm clock at all ... but barely .
263	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy a equity by la crosse model 30037 alarm clock -lrb- 1.5 v aa backup -rrb-  equity by la crosse 30037 jumbo 1.8-inch lead alarm clock  the bottom of the number would not light up . how could they let this out of the factory ? oh , right , it be make in china ... also , just to be on the safe side , get on the www.cpsc.gov mailing list . most of the recall product with safety problem come from china .
81	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i get this clock because the alarm sound be call chime , cathedral bell , and something else i can not recall , but it turn out they be all very annoying . i really want a zen clock that wake you up with a actual chime but could not afford it . i think this might be a nice replacement . i have be very disappointed . as other mention , the nature sound be way too loud and can not be adjust . i have not use that feature since the first week i buy it . i be now in the market for a new clock . the alarm sound be drive i crazy !
759	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the clock be bright , large and easy to set . however , several segment of the digital display be not work upon arrival . i order a different clock as a replacement and that , too , be doa . no more clock from amazon for i !
83	AlarmClock	NEG	2	buy this sound soother to replace a old sharper image soother use in the kid room . the volume setting be absurd . even at 1 , the `` surf 's up '' sound be as loud as a 7 setting on the old soother . i understand they be try to down out other sound , but the fact that this item have absolutely no give at lower volume , particularly when its only purpose be as a soother , be a serious design flaw . at volume 3 it be absolutely blast . if you be buy this as a soother , i would pass for one with better low volume control .
916	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the light on this dawn simulator be pretty feeble . it work for i because i be fairly light sensitive , but it certainly do not feel like dawn when it come on . also , the radio quality be terrible . i get major static on all but a couple of station , one i do not want to listen to . if i have it to do over , i would buy a different one .
476	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy it for the `` big rig '' as a travel clock while i be on the road . work 1 day then stop work . it seem to be well make -lrb- as much as electronics be these day -rrb- but since it stop work i can not vouch for it be usefulness . avoid it imo .
245	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i buy this alarm clock for my young daughter in oct 2010 . she sleep with white noise and i think that buy a clock with the noise feature build in would be both space-saving and money-saving . it look nice and be easy to use . however , as other reviewer have say , the volume setting be not ideal ... set at 1 its very quiet , at 2 its annoyingly loud . it be nice to have the dual alarm - we set the second alarm for 8pm , put she to bed at 7:15 and when the bird chirp she know to put she book down , its light out . but any dual alarm will serve that purpose , with or without fancy noise . and here the worst part : march 2012 , one random morning the alarm never go off for school , and in addition to she too-loud white noise the clock be make a horrible buzz sound which can not be shut off . we unplug it and remove the battery , but when we reinstall the battery , the screen be mess up and it play sound 1 constanly -lrb- very loudly ! -rrb- , none of the setting button work and it can not be shut off . so after pay a decent price for a brand name , it last less than 18 mo and i be back to shopping for a alarm clock and a noise-maker . this certainly do not meet my expectation !
598	AlarmClock	NEG	2	receive this as a christmas gift . it work fine , but 10 month later there be no backlight and the alarm do not work . i try new battery , but that do not fix the problem . if you want a travel clock that you can see during the daytime only , this be the one for you .
777	AlarmClock	NEG	2	clock work great for about 6 month then pretty much die . the lcd would flicker and switch between day rapidly -- as if it be not `` set '' on the right day . $ 40 down the drain . three year be about what i expect from this type of product , i get six month . out of warranty : -lrb- edit -lrb- 2-07 -rrb- : i decide to take the whole thing apart because i be curious about how thing work and i think , what the heck , maybe i 'll find something out of alignment . i see how the knob thing-a-ma-jig work and i remove a plastic piece that cover a internal metal dial which change the day of the week setting . while the thing be in 10 piece on my desk i plug it in and the problem seem go . reassemble it -lrb- very easy -rrb- without put the plastic protector piece back on . seem to work good as new now . i do not have enough of a ego to claim i `` fix '' it . but whatever i do it work now . as it stand i would give it 4 out of 5 star . one thing i do not mention in my initial review be that i do not care for the secondary dial that you use to change you alarm time . you have to rotate it to change the seconds or hour depend on how fast you rotate it . sort of minor inconvenience . but assume the clock stay fix , i would recommend it . hope this update help .
110	AlarmClock	NEG	2	first of all it be a cordless and very light clock which some people may find useful . its more like something you can travel with vs something you would use in you bedroom . i guess i miss the cordless part in description . because it be cordless the background light do not stay on and at night you can not see the time unless you press on snooze and the light only appear for a few seconds . unless you press on snooze there be no background light and you cant see a thing on this clock . i prefer alarm with background light so it stay on through the day and night and i do not have to press on anything to see the time . secondly , its be over 24 hour and the clock still do not synchronize with time zone and i will have to set it up manually now . it be low price alarm clock and you get what you pay for . i would go for a more expensive alarm of the same brand as they be much better and more solid clock with backup battery install in case the electricity go off and etc. .
456	AlarmClock	NEG	1	horrible deal with this store . i receive the wrong item , correct item list on packing slip . however , wrong item send .
795	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i would not recommend this toy at all i be so disappointed ! 1 . this alarm clock be battery power only ! 2 . light weight plastic and cheaply make unlike the remote control daleks 3 . projection light very dim unless its completely dark 4 . sound work 3 then stop i give this as a gift set it all up test it and then set the alarm for my friend to find they gift , to my shock the light go off but no sound talk about a fail christmas gift . i send it back for a full refund do not buy this i think it look so cool and i love doctor who but this product be such a let down
689	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i buy this for travel as well as for it to be a back-up for a corded alarm clock in case there be a power outage . it be light and cordless , make it great for travel but the alarm be so weak it fail to be hear across a quiet bedroom . not much of a ` alarm ' clock if it can not do that task ! another cheap product make in china ! thanks , timex ...
305	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the control be good and i like the way the display light up when you press the snooze light . but this be not really a good travel alarm , it be too big and clunky . and the alarm be not very loud . i buy this clock because some of the other review say that the alarm be loud , but it be not . it might work as a regular bedside alarm if you be a light sleeper . i end up buy a little casio travel alarm , it be so much better , much smaller size and loud alarm .
39	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i purchase this clock when it be power by a c battery and would have rate it five stars . unfortunately when i re-order it recently , it have be redesign . it be now power by 3 aa battery which do not fit into its compartment , and so do not provide power to the clock for it to run ! a clock that do not run be no use to i or anyone else . i be return the new clock along with several other i order with the same problem .
799	AlarmClock	NEG	1	clock be cute , but do not work . i keep try new battery think maybe the battery be the problem , but no , it be the clock . it will only run 5 minute before it get stuck and the hand stop advance . it i pull the battery out and put it back in , and advance the hand manually , it start run again , but then get stuck again after a couple of minute .
31	AlarmClock	NEG	1	a travel night alarm clock that you can not see the time at night . who think of these thing ? the view light be so dim that you can not see the time at night . if that be not a problem , then the clock be ok . logically , this be a night clock , so view the time at night should be a major functional feature .
172	AlarmClock	NEG	1	junk ... can not hear alarm ... i even press it up to my ear and can not hear it ... that pretty bad ... have no loudness control ... so order another one ... same thing ... call the mfg. . . she even admit that the alarm be not very loud on this model . . not very loud i can deal with , but silent i do not think so ... 2 out of 2 defective ... not a good deal ... which be to bad ... because i really do like the big red clock face and the fact that it set itself , .
958	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have this clock and it wake i reliably . my big grump be that it be hard to set within 10 minute of the desire wake time . i would really prefer a digital version .
482	AlarmClock	NEG	2	works okay as a alarm clock , but the clock display be way too bright and annoying . i be talk about the actual digital time display , not the sunrise simulator lamp , to avoid any possible confusion here . i have to put a piece of duct tape over it . i be really sensitive to light in my bedroom when i be try to sleep . keep in mind that i have the clock on the opposite side of the room , so i would not be tempt to just hit the snooze button and go back to sleep . if you be like i and find too-bright digital display annoying , you might want to get a different alarm clock . luckily i get this clock at half price , so i do not waste a lot of money on it .
445	AlarmClock	NEG	1	a horrible , useless clock . there be no light , so you can not read the damn thing when you wake in the middle of the night , and the cheap plastic frame break the first time i use it . i would return it for a refund , but for ten buck , i 'll just toss it and post this review . do not waste you money . if i be elgin , i would be ashamed . i certainly will buy any elgin product after be rip off like this .
806	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this clock radio lose 3 -4 4 minute daily so i send it back to the company i buy it from ... photoland ny ... for a replacement after i get no response at all from the coby company . the second clock arrive and have the same issue ... lose time on a daily basis once again . i try contact the coby co. to use the warranty but once again get absolutely no respnse so i contact photoland ny and they say to return it and they would refund the cost plus the shipping i pay to return both unit . this ia a absolute piece of junk ! useless if you need it to use as a alarm clock but the cd player and radio seem to work ok for the short time i have it . i do not recommend this item at all but would like to recommend photoland ny for they gret customer service and for standing by they merchandise . the colby co. get a f in all aspect of customer relation in my book ... . .
22	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i buy this clock for my aging father in july ' 10 . it work well and he could see it until today ... it go blank , nothing on the display . i replace the 4 battery even though i have it plug into the electrical outlet and still nothing . i would have think it would have last longer than 4 month . a piece of junk !!!!
376	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i do not understand all the rave review about this useless alarm clock . mine , when set up , buzz for less than a minute , in such a low tone that you can happily sleep through the entire time and wake up two hour later without even notice . additionally , it would be suppose , when you do not hear the alarm the first time , to buzz again at 4 minute interval : it do not . in simpler word : it only sound for less than a minute at the set time , it have a very low tone , and stop dead there , until the day after . no appeal , no redemption . you be go to be late for work if you rely on this awful clock . it be a waste of time , money and hope . i purchase it because it bear the name of `` elgin '' , a very good watchmaker . but i go back to my `` make in china '' $ 6 alarm clock , that be reliable , humble and do not require fuss about .
865	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i have have night light brighter than this `` sun '' clock . great concept but the lamp be a joke .
706	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i order this for a trip and it arrive the day i be leave , which bum i out because the blue night light do not work . on the trip it be drop once and after that the light work ... once . i be go so long that i be not able to return it . at least it be inexpensive . my recommendation be go to elsewhere if you want a user friendly , work travel alarm clock .
859	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the clock be worthless at night . it have two little light on either side of the time and be impossible to read in a dark room . do not waste you time or money
967	AlarmClock	NEG	2	recieve this clock and like everything about it except the atomic feature do not work so i be return it . have try to set the atomic clock many time include overnight to no avail . if you do not need the atomic feature it be light weight and stable on the bedside table unlike other atomic clock i have have .
750	AlarmClock	NEG	1	junk junk junk junk make in china junk junk junk alarm not accurate junk junk junk junk junk junk junk
780	AlarmClock	NEG	1	at night the digital display totally light up the room it be so bright . i have to turn it face down . the sound be tinny and grainy , enough to make they totally un-soothing , they start abruptly so they be a bit shocking to wake up to also . have to return
952	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i buy this clock several month ago and love it . it be the best thing ever . then one morning everything i have plug into the same outlet go out . by smell i finally find that the clock have short out and i spend hour fix everything .
817	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i be happy that this product be just as i think it would look and the size i want , but it gain 2 hour of time overnight . the return process so far have be very easy and efficient . this process be not complete as i just discover the problem and initiate the return . this be a christmas gift .
906	AlarmClock	NEG	1	i need a portable battery power alarm clock that have a illuminate dial . chose this clock be a big mistake . it be time can only be illuminate by press one of several confusing un-labeled button twice , so you can not just see the time in a dark room . the alarm mechanism have mal-function on several occasion , usually at the worst time . the `` nature sound '' be actually cheap sound and annoy . the badly translate direction be worthless . this be the perfect gift for someone you detest .
203	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock be a gift from santa for my 7 year old daughter . it be a adorable clock , really look nice . however , the on\/off switch for the alarm feature do not budge . it just sort of bend in the right direction , but do not click over . i unscrew the back to see if i could figure out why -lrb- because i really want to keep the clock -rrb- , but it appear the lever base be make of a flimsy piece of metal so it lack the `` snap '' need to actually function as a switch . have to return ... daughter will be disappoint , but hope to find another pink clock to replace .
101	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the product i receive do not work . after a few hour the clock would start flash , as though it have shut off and then turn on again . the time setting would be lose . i return the product .
847	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock run very fast , gain about a minute every day or so . to keep it accurate to the minute , it need to be reset about every third day or so .
280	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this clock break in less than 6 month , most likely because i use it everyday and do a lot of snooze . it be small so do not take up much space on the night table or suitcase . if it be sturdier it would get more star .
17	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i own the previous version of this alarm . i be hop to upgrade to one that would allow for a mode where there would be no alarm on weekend . my version have i go through a long menu to turn it off so i just wake up every weekend morning at 4:30 & 5:00 . the new version have the same problem . i also see , from another review , that you can no longer wake up to a different sound than you fall asleep to . i guess i 'll just keep wait till they figure this out .
442	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have be search for a affordable sunrise simulator for some time now , and still have not find one that be worth the money . the soleil sun alarm clock be cheaply make but come with a large price tag . it be small in size , which make it great for place it on a small nightstand , but it have to be position just so in order to read the display -lrb- the instruction recommend `` eye level '' , but that be not necessarily the case -rrb- . the display be not illuminate , so it be unreadable unless you press a button to activate the backlight . the nature sound have a annoying hum accompany the sound regardless of the volume . the lead light be a great addition , but be not replaceable which be a problem . the light itself be not bright enough to use as a reading light , which be one of the feature list in the product description . i would not recommend this product .
772	AlarmClock	NEG	2	sure it be only 8 buck , but i expect a little travel clock to be more dependable . from the start it lose a minute every few day , but i live with it . then suddenly the display go out -lrb- after only 8 month -rrb- -- and yes , i try new battery . do not believe i 'll buy elgin again .
452	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i really want to like this product but right out of the box it appear to be of cheap quality or at least assemble in a cheap\/fast manner . some assembly glue be ooze out of the rear seam and while play the sound , the speaker have some static in they as well . the overal concept of the clock be good but poorly execute . the sound be not realistic , for example , rain sound like white noise and the thunder be so to constant for any storm i have ever witness . the main problem with all of the sound be that they be on a short loop . it seam like 15 to 30 seconds at the most , to consist to fall asleep . the volume be a problem as well . 1 sometimes be to quiet -lrb- depend on which sound to choose -rrb- but 2 be to loud . in order to get the sound just right , i turn the alarm clock around so that the back speaker where face i . unfortunately then , i could not see the clock ! the clock itself as a issue as well , even on the lowest setting , the light from the clock be so bright . so bright in fact that even with the alarm clock turn around , it be still a distraction in the room . even when lie down the alarm clock on its face , the light be shine through the button and screw hole . all in all , the sound and clock itself do not work for i nor my wife to fall asleep to so we send it back .
812	AlarmClock	NEG	1	the radio also make a annoying ` pop ' when you turn it on or the alarm kick in . to set the time and alarm setting take forever . just a horrible purchase that i make , do not make the same mistake !
107	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i use it in the past half a year and find the time display sometimes jump randomly . it happen 3 or 4 time in past 5 month . if you seriously need a alarm clock to keep you from be late for school or business , try to find another one .
939	AlarmClock	NEG	1	beware the top-rated review ! it be review a different clock ! it state that the hour and minute can be set with button that move the time up and down . instead , this clock require you to go through 23 hour if you accidentally overshoot by one . worse , if you overshoot the year by one , you have to go through 99 year to get to the correct one . the clock be also essentially unusable by anyone over 40 . read glass will allow you to read the alarm-time digit , but you will not be able to see the alarm-time pm indicator . timex , a few year ago , do sell a clock that have the interface describe in the top-rated review , with up and down key and 15-minute fast advance . why they go back to a interface find want in the 1960 be beyond i ...
189	AlarmClock	NEG	2	i have high hope for this - think it be similar to a clock i see a few year ago and can not seem to find now . those of you who be light sleeper will appreciate the sound library . the digital recording have long loop and sound pretty good , but the speaker be on the tinny side . i like to sleep with a surf sound and that be decent . the problem be the alarm -lrb- which be not even cover in my manual -rrb- . the alarm allow you to wake with either a beeper or a sound . the problem be if you sleep with a sound playing , that be the same one use for the alarm - so it do not quite work ! i be hope you could set different sound for the alarm . the clock i see a few year ago allow you to listen to surf but the alarm add in foghorn or other related sound . that be pretty cool ! if anyone know what clock i be talk about , please let i know . do not be too disappointed if the sound soother be not available on amazon . it be available at best buy for the same price .
809	AlarmClock	NEG	1	we buy this for we baby 's nusery . it work ok for about 6 month . ever since then , it have slowly start work less and less . it now work about 1\/2 the time , and the 1\/2 of the time that it work be because we shake it until it finally start . do not waste you money . spend $ 10 or $ 20 more and buy a cd player from a real brand . this thing suck .
818	AlarmClock	NEG	2	the clock stop once for about twenty minute every few hour . it have fresh battery and the hand be not stick together . the second hand still go around . save the package in case it need to go back . all other feature work ok , but that be meaningless when the clock can not keep time . bl update : figure i have nothing to lose , i give it a sharp rap on the kitchen counter . it works now and keep accurate time !!
660	AlarmClock	NEG	2	observation : this timex-licensed product consist of a independent analog clock and a am\/fm clock radio with a digital display that show either the time or the tuner 's frequency . note that this be only a digital tuner display -- not a digital tuner . when the clock be plug in -lrb- via the include power adapter -rrb- , the analog clock face and digital display be light all the time . there be two brightness setting . when run on battery power , all light be off , though you can get a brief pulse of light by hit the snooze bar . there be tiny luminescent bar on the analog clock 's hand .  pro : it have decent sound for a cheap clock radio -lrb- do not expect any bass -rrb- and decent fm reception . it be not exactly lightweight , but it do work on battery . it be probably well-suited for car camping . the amber clock lighting -lrb- on all the time when the unit be plug in -rrb- be okay . the digital frequency readout be a improvement over you typical cheap analog tuner .  con : there be a number of user interface problem . for example , oft-used switch such as radio off\/on be hide on the side , while seldom-used button like `` time set '' be prominent . it be annoy to have to synchronize the separate analog and digital clock . there be no clock lighting in battery mode , except briefly when you hit the `` snooze '' bar , but : if the sleep timer be on , hit the bar will also cancel sleep mode and turn off the radio or nature sound . when run on battery , there be no way to light the clock without cause this undesirable side-effect . the radio frequency display be helpful , but there be no digital time readout when the radio be on . i find that the frequency display jitter a lot on most radio station -lrb- e.g. when tune to 102.5 , it jump around from 102.3 up to 102.8 and everything inbetween -rrb- . the audio sound fine , so this be only a visual annoyance . the tuning dial be very sensitive , require a fair amount of concentration and fine motor control to tune in a specific frequency . overall , the tuner be better than cheap analog but worse than cheap digital . one last thing : the clock face fold down for travel . in this position , it muffle the radio speaker . in the open position , the angle of the clock face be not adjustible -lrb- see the photo - that be as vertical as it get -rrb- .  bottom line : i be return it . it more or less do the job , but the design lack intelligence . there must be something better out there .
775	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this be the worst alarm clock ever ! first of all the nature sound be five second blip that play over and over again . they not even decent sound . then when you mess with the setting the clock keep flash different color when you hit a button . if you have epilepsy beware ! i be recycle it maybe then it could do some good . poor thing never have a chance .
289	AlarmClock	NEG	2	this be suppose to be a `` sound soother '' , but at least half of the pre-programmed sound be annoy ! i purchase it for the white noise sound , but it be the most annoying setting of all . also the volume level only go down so far so that even the sound i like be too loud to be consider background noise -lrb- which be what i expect -rrb- .
422	AlarmClock	NEG	1	this unit have a constant buzzing\/humming when use the on\/off button or the snooze feature . it be impossible to snooze with that level of noise . it may be the transformer , but i be not willing to try another unit , so amazon be issue a refund .
770	AlarmClock	NEG	1	it be ok while it last - about four month . it be amazing to i how difficult it be to find a simple , reliable travel alarm that might last , oh , a year or two ? : sheesh :
290	AlarmClock	NEG	2	great detail . nice lead light but like two of the other review this one stop make any sound after two day .
